I can absolutely confirm that that is the case.
We are committed to resetting our relationship and to delivering outcomes in practice.
As I mentioned, I attended the Moldova partnership platform in Chisinău last month.
It is particularly important that we work alongside our EU partners when it comes to the attacks on Moldova’s democratic future by Putin’s Russia.
We also had important discussions about the western Balkans in Berlin last week.
I was there with the President of the European Commission and Chancellor Scholz, and it is absolutely important that we work together on these critical challenges.
While we hope that it never happens, if a future American President wished to withdraw support from Ukraine, will the Government assure us that that would be a prominent item on the agenda in their conversations with EU leaders?
Obviously, decisions in America are for the American people, but the special relationship endures, regardless of the Administration or who is in the White House, and it is deep and enduring, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows well from his important former roles.
We absolutely need to co-operate with our EU partners on support for Ukraine, and that is why today it is so fantastic to hear the news that we have agreed, as promised, with the G7 and with our European and indeed our American partners, the extraordinary revenue acceleration scheme that will deliver new money to Ukraine now.
What recent assessment he has made of the level of threat to UK democracy posed by the Chinese Communist party.
As a matter of long-standing policy, which the hon.
Gentleman will understand, the Government do not comment on the detail of national security matters, but let me be clear: any attempt by any foreign power to threaten or undermine   the UK’s democracy will not be tolerated.
The National Security Act 2023 brings together vital new measures to protect our national security, which we are committed to as a new Government.
I regularly meet my ministerial colleagues, including the Minister for Security, to discuss those matters.
Thousands of Hongkongers have made my local community their home under the British national overseas visa scheme, but too many of them still face the threat of surveillance, harassment, and intimidation by the Chinese state.
Will the Government confirm that they have raised the issue of transnational repression in conversations with the Chinese Government, and made clear that it is a totally unacceptable interference in British democracy?
The Government will take a consistent long-term and strategic approach to our relations with China, rooted in the UK and global interests, and the Government are deeply committed to supporting all members of the Hong Kong community who have relocated to the UK.
I reiterate that any attempts by foreign Governments to coerce, intimidate or harm their critics overseas are unacceptable, and regardless of nationality, freedom of speech and other fundamental rights of all people in the UK are protected under our domestic law.
My constituency is also home to a new and growing population of Hongkongers who, although they are now in a free country, live in fear of the repression that  the hon.
Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  described.
That is not least because of the reported presence until recently of a secret police station in Glasgow, run by the Chinese Communist party.
Will the Minister join me in sending a clear signal to the Chinese state: “hands off Hong Kong Scots”?
I have made clear our support to the Hong Kong community in the UK, and we have made clear to Chinese authorities that the existence of undeclared sites in the UK is unacceptable, and their operation must cease.
We have been told that they have now closed.
The Foreign Secretary was in China on 18 and  19 October , where he met his counterpart Foreign Minister Wang Yi and other senior Chinese figures,  and he raised human rights, including issues related to Hong Kong.