What the planned timetable is for implementing the agreement with Mauritius on the sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
What assessment he has made of the potential security implications of the agreement with Mauritius on sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
The Government inherited a situation where the long-term secure operation of the Diego Garcia military base was under threat.
The agreement that we have reached secures the future of the base and strengthens our role in safeguarding global security.
The agreement is subject to the finalisation of a treaty that the Government intend to complete in the coming months.
Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise the treaty in the usual manner, following its signature.
Since the mistaken opening of negotiations by the last Government on the sovereignty of the Chagos islands, it turns out that the British high commissioner and others appear to have been bugged by the Government of Mauritius.
If the police investigation proves that to be true and we can see that Mauritius—their Government at least—are bad actors, is the 99-year lease on Diego Garcia even worth the paper that it is written on?
We note the reports with significant concern, but the hon.
Gentleman will understand that I am not going to comment on an ongoing police investigation.
As I pointed out yesterday, the reports relate to historical conversations, not during the current round of negotiations.
We are confident that we have achieved a treaty that meets our national security objectives, closes off a migration route and fundamentally respects the interests of the Chagossian people.
How can the Minister continue to defend the ceding of the Chagos islands to Mauritius when China is rapidly expanding its influence in the Indo-Pacific?
With no binding agreement against Chinese military involvement in the future, have the Government recklessly compromised British and allied security just to appease vested interests?
I completely reject what the hon.
Gentleman suggests about Mauritius somehow being in hock to China or the agreement somehow opening up a place for China.
Let me be clear: Mauritius is one of only two African countries that have not signed up to the belt and road initiative.
There is absolutely no way that we, or the United States, would have signed off a treaty across the national security apparatus that compromised any of our security interests or those of our allies.
The unequivocal support from the United States—the President, the Secretary of State, the Defence Secretary and across the establishment—makes it clear that this is the right deal for our security and that of our allies.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help bring humanitarian relief to civilians in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
October is likely to see the least aid enter Gaza since the start of the conflict.
That is unacceptable.
As the Foreign Secretary stated on  16 October , the UK is pressing Israel, alongside our partners, to allow the aid into Gaza that is so clearly needed in this desperate situation, and to enable the UN and its humanitarian partners to operate effectively.
I recently met representatives from the West London Islamic Centre in my constituency of Ealing Southall, who told me that they are deeply concerned about the plight of severely injured children in Gaza who need urgent medical help.
Will the Minister outline what work she is doing to ensure that those children have access to the very best medical attention?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue and to her constituents and the very many people across the UK who are determined to do what they can.
We have seen that with the UK public’s response to the Disasters Emergency Committee appeal, matched by the Government up to £10 million.
She asked specifically about young children who have been caught up and injured.
The extent of disease and injury is significant and deeply concerning.
We have provided significant support, including through UK-Med for its field hospital in Gaza.
Last week, my hon.
Friend the Minister of State announced £1 million for the Egyptian health Ministry to support medically evacuated Palestinians from Gaza.
Many residents from Swindon North have contacted me expressing their concerns about Gaza.
What steps is the Minister taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
We see people up and down the country who are very concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
Clearly, we now have extreme levels of food insecurity.
We are very concerned about the situation in northern Gaza in particular.
The Foreign Secretary, the Prime Minister and all of us in the ministerial team have been very clear to all actors in the region and others that there must be access to the aid that is so desperately needed in all of Gaza.
Since the devastating Hamas attack on Israel more than a year ago, an estimated 42,000 Palestinians have died, including many civilians, and many more families have been repeatedly displaced.
Will the Minister  assure me and my constituents that the Government are using the full diplomatic force at their disposal to secure an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and to allow the free flow of humanitarian aid?
Yes, I can.
A resolution to this conflict has been a priority since day one of the new Government.
We are calling for an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages still cruelly detained by Hamas, and much more aid to enter Gaza.
The death and destruction in Gaza is intolerable and we have made that clear at every possible moment.
I declare an interest as a former board member of the Disasters Emergency Committee.
I am delighted to see the British public’s generous response to its appeal.
I know that its member agencies are doing everything in their power to get aid to those who need it, but one of those agencies, Islamic Relief, told me yesterday about the situation in Jabalia where people are being “starved, bombed and shot on sight”.
What conversations has the Minister had with Israeli counterparts to end the indiscriminate attacks on people in Gaza and let in the lifesaving aid that the British public are so generously supporting?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
Again, I express our gratitude to the DEC for its work in ensuring that there has been that emergency appeal for the middle east.
I should have mentioned earlier that that is covering not just Gaza, but Lebanon and the broader middle east where there is also that urgent humanitarian need.
I can reassure her that, on issues of access to aid, the UK Government have been crystal clear on the need for the maintenance of international humanitarian law across the region, which of course includes Israel as well, as the Foreign Secretary underlined at the end of last week.
Will the Minister reassure me that September’s export licence ban with Israel covers items that we reasonably believe could be used to breach international law in Gaza?
Will she further reassure me that the remaining export licences with Israel largely do not cover the Israel Defence Forces or military equipment?
I wish to be very clear as I think there is some confusion on this important point.
Following the  2 September  suspension, there are currently no extant UK export licences—I repeat, no extant export licences—for items to Israel that we assess might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law.
There is only one exception, which is for F-35 components, and the Foreign Secretary has explained that to the House.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that most licences for exports to Israel are not for the IDF, and I am pleased to be able to put that on the record for the House.
The footage of children caught up in the fighting in Gaza is horrendous, and so is the footage of those who are still held hostage.
First, what is the Minister doing to ensure the protection of aid workers in Gaza and Lebanon and, secondly, given that she has just told us that our efforts to get more aid in are not working, what are her next ideas?
Where will we go from here, because clearly it is not working?
We have indeed seen some extremely disturbing scenes.
Of course, it is important that we ensure that there is verified information in the fog of such a horrendous war.
We have all seen those scenes and been disturbed by them.
The UK Government are determined to do all that we can to ensure that aid is accessed by those who need it.
We are using every opportunity to do so, which involves working with UN agencies in detail.
I have had many meetings with them.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have resumed support for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
We have been in close contact with it, the World Food Programme and all others working on this, and we have also been working bilaterally with all our partners in the region.
There are a number of different countries working with us to try to ensure that there is access to aid, which is desperately needed.