My hon.
Friend is right.
Her very words were spoken by several Defence Ministers in Brussels.
Defence of the UK and of Europe starts in Ukraine.
Ukraine is fighting for the same values and for the rest of us in Europe.
In sharp contrast to the presence of the United Nations Secretary-General at Putin’s summit in Russia, which sent out all the wrong signals, this statement is hugely welcome, so I thank the Secretary of State.
Further to the question that the Chairman of the Defence Committee asked, is it not now time that not only Storm Shadow but all the matériel supplied to Ukraine by the western alliance should be used by Ukraine in the manner that it sees fit?
We provide Ukraine with the weaponry and support to defend its country, freedom and people.
There is a consistency in that and there is no bar to Ukraine striking Russian military targets, so long as that is consistent with international humanitarian law and part of the proper defence of the country.
I spoke about the long-range drones and the successful attacks they have been making—defensive attacks, but nevertheless on military targets in Russia.
It is for the Ukrainians to determine how best to defend their country, and we will support them in whatever ways we can.
I warmly welcome the £2.26 billion of aid announced today.
It is great news for those fighting for democracy in Europe and a day of low morale in the Kremlin—it is fantastic.
The Ukrainians might well use some of the money to continue to innovate at pace.
Every few weeks they create new cutting-edge and adaptive technologies to use in the fight against Putin.
Will we learn from our friends in Ukraine and ensure that we, as a country, invest in our own small and medium-sized defence enterprises, so that we can have the same output in the future?
While there has been no change in the basis on which we provide military aid to Ukraine, there is a change in the approach we take not just to providing aid but to producing some of the military equipment and ammunition.
Our challenge now is to take the lessons of what we have demonstrated can be done to support Ukraine to equip our own forces better to fight in the future.