Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Pastor Victor Hardy, a beloved community leader, committed advocate, and upstanding citizen of the City.
Victor passed away on March 22, 2025, at the age of 63, after a lifetime of faith, friendship and service.
Chandler--and all of Arizona--is a kinder, more just place for his presence among us.
Born and raised in Portsmouth, Virginia, Victor attended neighboring Norfolk State University where he studied music and performance.
There, he met his beloved wife of 40 years, Cynthia.
His lifelong devotion to serving God and his country was clear early in his life.
After graduation, he served in the Virginia Army National Guard and the United State Air Force and pursued another degree in religious studies at Liberty University.
The Chandler Community was blessed nearly 26 years ago, when Victor moved his family to their new home in Arizona.
He volunteered tirelessly with the school districts, the city, Chandler Tullamore Sister Cities organizations, East Valley NAACP, and many other local organizations and nonprofits.
His particular focus was to uplift African American men in our community.
Over a decade ago, Victor founded the Chandler Men of Action, a profoundly impactful organization that empowers African American youth and honors the many contributions African American to hold the title of Executive Director at For Our City Chandler, a nonprofit dedicated to promoting collaboration and compassion in Chandler.
In 2022, the Chandler City Council honored Victor with the MLK Lifetime Achievement Award to recognize his service to our community, which has helped to realize Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s dream of a better, more just Nation.
Pastor Victor Hardy was ordained in 2012.
Just three years later, he became the first African American solo pastor at the Congregational Church of the Valley.
Victor built a welcoming and inviting space for congregants, and his congregation described him as a dedicated pastor-- and as a friend and mentor.
He challenged his members to deepen their connection to their community and was a vocal champion of public servants, like our teachers and law enforcement officers--he even led a First Respondents Blessing each September.
Victor's love of music steered his service as well.
Coming from three generations of African Methodist Episcopal church leaders, Victor's musicality was fostered in church growing up.
He founded and directed the Chandler Centennial Celebration Choir in 2012, created the Chandler High School Gospel Choir Club, and emceed the Chandler Symphony Orchestra Gala.
Under his leadership, the Chandler High School Gospel Choir went on to perform at a number of high-profile shows.
Pastor Victor Hardy's dedication to the Chandler community is remarkable and deeply appreciated by the city's residents.
My prayers are with his family, including Cynthia and his sons, David, Julian and Patrick.
Victor will be deeply missed by his congregation and all of those committed to justice and societal change.
His compassionate legacy of service will be felt for generations to come--Arizona owes him a debt of gratitude.
I thank Victor, and Godspeed.