Currently, Dorothy still resides in the same house that she and her

husband built in 1955.
She is a loving mother to four children with

whom she spends time with nearly every day.
She has ten grandchildren

and seven great-grandchildren who she loves dearly, and she keeps

informed about her many nieces and nephews as well.
Dorothy is one of

four surviving members of her high school class, and she has remained

in contact with each of her former classmates since they graduated

together in 1947.
Dorothy is known by her family, friends, and other

members of her community for her delicious apple pie.
Dorothy Lawrence is an exceptional member of her community whose

dedication and love for her family and community is truly inspiring.
I

am thrilled to recognize her for her many accomplishments and wish her

a very happy 95th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MISSION VIEJO CITY MANAGER DENNIS WILBERG RETIREMENT

HON.
YOUNG KIM

Mrs. KIM of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Mission Viejo

City Manager, Dennis Wilberg, for his decades of service to our Mission

Viejo community and to Orange County.
His work in the public and private sectors of civil and

transportation engineering, including 20 years as City Manager, has

left an enormous impact across Mission Viejo and the County.
From helping create the second-largest animal shelter in Orange

County and building a water treatment facility, to increasing public

safety and maintaining the City's transportation network, there's no

question how he has become the longest-tenured city manager in Orange

County.
I thank Dennis for his dedication to keeping our communities safe and

connected.
We are grateful for his leadership, and I wish him a wonderful

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, July 22, 2024, I missed one Roll

Call vote.
Had I been present, I would have voted YES on Roll Call No.
356.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PRIME MINISTER NETANYAHU'S JOINT ADDRESS TO CONGRESS

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my opposition to the

speech given in this chamber by Israeli Prime Minister, Binyamin

Netanyahu.
The speech given by the Prime Minister was outrageous.
He

disrespected his role as a foreign leader speaking before a joint

session of Congress.
He used the floor of the U.S. House of

Representatives to make blatantly political attacks on American

citizens who disagree with his policies.
He also made a full

endorsement of former President Trump.
One wonders if the Prime

Minister's attacks were an attempt to salvage his own political

survival in Israel by making it appear that he has the full support of

the American people, which he does not.
This was a disturbing day for many Americans and a tragic day for

Israelis and Palestinians who are desperately looking for leadership--

not political grandstanding.
What the American people want, and what

Prime Minister Netanyahu failed to deliver, was a clear plan to end the

violence and bring about a lasting two state solution in the region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JOSAYNE ANDERSON-TEJERA

HON.
PATRICK RYAN

Mr. RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Josayne

Anderson-Tejera, for receiving the President's Volunteer Service Award,

an honor bestowed by the President of the United States to recognize

the invaluable contributions of volunteers in our Nation.
Over the

course of her career, Josayne has demonstrated a steadfast commitment

to making a difference in her community, specifically in the areas of

civil rights and women's advocacy.
Josayne was driven to a career in public service after she lost a

close friend to domestic violence.
Coupled with her own experiences

surviving domestic violence, she has since dedicated her life to

speaking out against domestic and sexual violence.