Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dixon

Family Services as they celebrate their 40th year of service.
Established in 1984, Dixon Family Services is a community-based

organization that offers intervention and support services.
Cooperating

with local schools, churches, businesses, and community members, Dixon

Family Services assists residents in the pursuit of goals such as

financial stability, improved or increased employment, escape from

domestic violence, household budgeting, improved nutrition, and

emotional wellness.
Dixon Family Services maintains the Dixon Family Services Food

Pantry, which helps combat food insecurity in local households.
Dixon

Family Service also acts as a bridge between residents and larger

health care and governmental programs, ensuring that the local

population is aware of and able to use resources that they may have

otherwise overlooked or struggled to access.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, our community's need for human services

dramatically increased.
Answering this need, the dedicated staff of

Dixon Family Services ensured that the organization safely remained

open.
Because of their compassion and commitment, Dixon Family Services

was able to continue to provide vital information and referral services

to clients even during the depths of the pandemic.
Dixon Family Services uplifts members of our community, providing

future opportunities for all.
Over the past 40 years, Dixon Family

Services has welcomed numerous college intern therapists, case

managers, and clerical

and administrative staff, who were able to gain invaluable experience

in the organization prior to moving on to other important positions or

launching private practices in social work.
Additionally, many of the

clients Dixon Family Services provides resources to have gone on to

make their own contributions to the community, paying forward the same

assistance that they received.
Although, historically, many of its programs were funded by

government contracts or grants, in recent years Dixon Family Services

has been supported primarily by private foundations, corporations,

churches, service organizations, and businesses, as well as many caring

and generous community members whose donations and kind words of

support sustained the organization.
Mr. Speaker, during these last 40 years Dixon Family Services has

consistently upheld a devotion to the highest ideals of community

service.
It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor Dixon Family

Services' outstanding work by and for our Dixon community, and its 40th

year of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DOROTHY LAWRENCE ON HER 95TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the astounding

life of Dorothy Lawrence, who celebrates her 95th birthday this week.
Dorothy was born on July 29, 1929, along with her twin brother Dick,

on the Borden Farm in Wallkill, NY.
She is the youngest of five

children and spent her childhood on Borden Farms in Wallkill and

Earlville NY, which her father managed.
In 1947, she graduated from

Earlville High School.
The following year, Dorothy earned a business

certification from the Central City Business Institute in Syracuse, New

York.
She worked as a secretary until she married her beloved husband,

John, in 1955.
Dorothy is a lifelong member of St. Malachy's Catholic Church in

Sherburne, New York.
Coming from a musical family, Dorothy has had a

passion for singing all her life.
When she was only four years old she

and her twin brother sang ``Little Old Lady Passing By'' for a radio

contest.
In the 1960s, she helped found the Sherburne Community Chorus

and was an active member until just recently.
At the age of 95, Dorothy

still enjoys music, attending local concerts whenever possible.
Currently, Dorothy still resides in the same house that she and her

husband built in 1955.
She is a loving mother to four children with

whom she spends time with nearly every day.
She has ten grandchildren

and seven great-grandchildren who she loves dearly, and she keeps

informed about her many nieces and nephews as well.