TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

incredible New Orleans Matriarch, former State Senator Diana Bajoie.
She is one for the history books.
As a young woman in her twenties, she

began her public service in the Louisiana House of Representatives,

where she served as the only woman in that body during her first term.
In 1991, she became the first African American woman ever elected to

the Louisiana State Senate.
In 2004, she took the oath as Senate

President pro-tempore, and became the first woman ever elected to a

leadership post in the Louisiana State Senate.
In 2012, Senator Bajoie

was appointed by Mayor Landrieu to fill a vacancy on the New Orleans

City Council in District B.

Former Senator Diana E. Bajoie is not just a public servant in

title--she is a public servant in spirit, heart, and deeds.
Her

colleagues describe her as one who fights for communities, families,

and Louisiana with tireless compassion.
The Senator nurtured her early

interest in community service by attending Southern University and A&M

College in Baton Rouge, earning a bachelor's degree in political

science.
She also attended the Southern University School of Law.
An

Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters Degree was conferred upon former

Senator Diana E. Bajoie at their Fall 2018 Commencement.
The University

recognized the Senator as a pioneer in state politics and acknowledged

the many contributions and efforts in improving the quality of life for

all.
Former Senator Diana E. Bajoie is a part-time member of the staff of

LSU Health Sciences Center New Orleans as Director of Community

Relations.
She works with LSU Health Sciences Center's six schools to

define and implement community relations programs and work to promote

cultural diversity among faculty, staff, and students.
As a State Legislator, Ms. Bajoie served as Vice Chair of the Finance

Committee that handled the operating budget for the State of Louisiana.
At that time, the operating budget was over several billion dollars.
Her health care experience is extensive.
She was a ranking member of

the Health and Welfare Committee where she served for over 25 years

between the House and the Senate.
She led the efforts to create school-based health clinics and wrote

legislation to provide breast cancer screening and treatment for low

income and uninsured women, mandated coverage of mammography and other

cancer screening tests, and increase health care coverage for citizens

with mental health disorders.
She sponsored legislation that created

the Louisiana Cancer Research Center in New Orleans, The Metropolitan

Human Services District that services Orleans, St. Bernard, and

Plaquemines Parishes to treat vulnerable residents for mental illness,

addictive disorder intellectual and or developmental disabilities and

she also created The Minority Health Care Commission.
She worked to ensure recognition of the contributions of African

Americans to New Orleans, Louisiana, and the nation.
Her efforts

resulted in legislation to create the Louisiana State Museum on Civil

Rights, that has finally come to fruition in 2023, and the expansion

and renaming of the New Orleans Convention Center in honor of the

city's first African American Mayor, ``The Ernest N. Morial Convention

Center.''
Bajoie introduced the Civil Rights Museum legislation during

the Governor Foster administration.
Governor Murphy James Foster Jr. was Louisiana's 53rd governor.
His

grandfather, Murphy J. Foster Sr.,
the 31st Louisiana governor,

supported the 1898 Louisiana Constitution, which disfranchised the

Black majority.
Murphy Jr.'s conservative platform included attacks on

welfare abuse, gun control, affirmative action, and racial quotas

during the era of affirmative action.
Undeterred by Foster's position,

every year, Bajoie ensured ``something'' was put in the state budget

for the Civil Rights Museum.
During speaking engagements, Bajoie credits Hassan Haley (son of

Oretha Castle Haley and Richard Haley), Don Hubbard and Loyce Wright

for keeping the dream of the museum alive.
``I also want to thank

Lieutenant Nungesser.
We need people to keep the fight going because

we're just beginning.