Her proud moments were supporting young kids and families

who didn't have dental Insurance when she first started working at

Louisiana State University Health Science Center in the Department of

Pediatric Dentistry.
She later became an assistant to Professors in the

Biochemistry Department where she prepared syllabi for the Ph.D.

program at LSU School of Dentistry.
After 27 years of service, she

retired in 2017.
In celebration of the 60th Anniversary of school desegregation, then

N. O. Councilperson Cyndi Nguyen brought forth the resolution to honor

Tessie Prevost, Gail Etienne, Leona Tate, and Ruby Bridges recognizing

November 14th and New Orleans Four Day.
The City Council of New Orleans

voted Yes unanimously.
On November 14, 2020, the City Council of New

Orleans and the office of Mayor LaToya Cantrell hosted a special

Proclamation Day Ceremony at Gather Hall to commemorate the 60th

Anniversary proclaiming November 14th forever New Orleans Four Day On

that day, all four Civil Rights Pioneers were honored equivalently and

each of them were given a Proclamation Finally, after 60 years, they

each received the Key to The City from the office of Mayor LaToya

Cantrell.
Following the Gallier Hall celebration, the members of The New

Orleans Four started receiving national recognition and accolades due

to the work of various media industry professionals, elected officials

and Black women in corporate executive leadership.
The multi-media

project called The New Orleans Legacy Project, collaborated inducting

The New Orleans Four into ``Voices of The Civil Rights Movement''.
Their Interview segments garnered over one million views across the

entire Comcast/NBCUniversal and NBC platforms.
As a result, Tessie Prevost, Leona Tate, and Gail Etienne appeared in

their first national network television interview on the Today Show

with Rhema Ellis reporting from New Orleans.
This news feature exposed

the untold story about Tessie Prevost, Leona Tate and Gail Etienne and

catapulted the three members of The New Orleans Four to equivalent

recognition and honor to Ruby Bridges for their sacrifice and courage.
For decades as hidden figures, they endured dehumanizing degradation

and felt the world and America forgot about them.
Following the Today Show news feature, the Civil Rights Pioneers

received their first national award during the 2022 Essence Festival of

Culture Dove/Unilever Crown Awards held July 2, 2022, honored the

members of The New Orleans Four with the Living Legend Award.
On August

6, 2022, the Urban League of Louisiana honored the three hidden figures

as notable Changemakers Tessie, Leona, and Gail's story moved many to

recognize the importance of fact checking.
The following year, they garnered more local and national news

features like the 2023 CBS News Black History Month feature by reporter

Jamie Wax which highlighted the untold story of The New Orleans Four

helping to raise more awareness about the illegitimate revision of the

accurate historical record.
Now, America and the world have been

reinspired by the powerful courage of The New Orleans Four who rocked

the Nation and changed the world.
In October 2023, at 69 years of age, Tessie became Chief Operating

Officer of her own company, New Orleans Four, LLC.,
partnering with her

childhood friend and fellow classmate, Gail Etienne who serves as Chief

Executive Officer.
Ms. Prevost and Ms. Etienne committed themselves to

preserving and protecting the history and legacy of The New Orleans

Four.
Before her passing, Tessie and Gail partnered with the industry

professionals who paid it forward to ensure that the story of The New

Orleans Four would never be lost in history again They planned to

release a host of projects with the launch of The New Orleans Four

Legacy Collection and their Serving Black Girl Magic Since 1960 brand

and initiative.
Tessie Prevost, a child soldier, a civil rights pioneer, an activist

for justice and a businesswoman and entrepreneur, profoundly stressed a

quality and equitable education as the key to success and achievements

``Education unleashes the past and paves the path of the future''.