During speaking engagements, Bajoie credits Hassan Haley (son of

Oretha Castle Haley and Richard Haley), Don Hubbard and Loyce Wright

for keeping the dream of the museum alive.
``I also want to thank

Lieutenant Nungesser.
We need people to keep the fight going because

we're just beginning.
We want to make sure we tell our own story.
It's

taken a long time.
It's like making gumbo.
If you go too fast, it won't

come out right.''
She continues to express a need to focus on raising

more money to keep the museum going.
The Civil Rights Museum will be

permanently housed on this property.
Ms. Bajoie is a founder and former chair of the Louisiana Legislative

Black Caucus and the Louisiana Legislative Women's Caucus.
She also is

a founder and served as President of the National Organization of Black

Elected Legislative Women, a national legislative women's organization

which encourages and supports women in public and community service.
She also served on the Louisiana Recovery Authority Board helping to

rebuild the state after the devastating disasters of Hurricanes Katrina

and Rita.
Outside of state politics, Ms. Bajoie has been involved in a myriad

World War II Museum, a member of the WYES-TV Board of Directors, Xavier

University of Louisiana Board of Visitors and Dillard University

Advisory Board.
The Former Senator presently serve as a commissioner on the board of

the New Orleans East Hospital, the National Organization of Black Women

Legislators, LePetit Theater, and Mercy Endeavor Senior Center, just to

name a few.
She is a Life Member of the Southern University Alumni Federation and

a Diamond Life Member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. She has

received numerous awards, including the City of New Orleans' Mayor

Morial Medal of Honor.
Former Sen. Bajoie was named the Susan G. Komen

Breast Cancer Survivor of the Year in 2000.
She was honored at the

Delta Sigma Theta's 48th National Convention with the National Patricia

Harris Award for Excellence in Government.
She was inducted into the

Louisiana Political Hall of Fame in 2007 and was later honored in 2010

by The Louisiana Center for Women in Government with its Lifetime

Achievement Award.
She was also named by the New Orleans Tribune as one

of 18 Black Women ``That Made New Orleans Better'', who changed the

City in the last 300 years.
Mayor Landrieu named the former Senator a

New Orleans Legend in honor of the city's Tricentennial.
Last, but certainly not least, Sen. Diana E. Bajoie is a mentor--a

mentor to students, to young people and families across the state

striving to better themselves, their communities and Louisiana.
She

frequently shares her experiences and ideas in the classroom as well as

with civic organizations and leadership development programs.
The former Senator Bajoie legacy has spanned over three decades, she

has fearlessly opened doors, not for herself but for others.
Her work

paves the way for young people to grow and build a better Louisiana.
This shall be her Legacy.
On a personal note, I am honored to have served alongside Former

Senator Diana Bajoie, as a true mentor, supporter, and dear friend.
She

is a true fighter--as a ``lioness at heart,'' but Don Hubbard calls her

``killer''.
The Greater New Orleans Community is blessed to have this

incredible gem still making a difference in our great state.
I am proud

to say I can connect with her throughout my political career, and as

Congressman, respecting the guidance and support she gives.
I am

forever grateful for her commitment to the residents of Louisiana, and

guidance to our program.
I will forever carry her direction as I serve

the Constituents of LA02.
May God continue to bless her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE INCREDIBLE LIFE OF TESSIE NELDA PREVOST-WILLIAMS

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.