Title: APPRECIATING COMMANDER BRUCE SAMUEL KIMBRELL, JR.
FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
121

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING COMMANDER BRUCE SAMUEL KIMBRELL, JR.
FOR HIS SERVICE TO

THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
MICHAEL WALTZ

Mr. WALTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American and an

exceptional leader in our U.S. Navy.
Commander Bruce Kimbrell has distinguished himself through his

professional character and dedication by serving this Nation in

uniform.
For the past year, Commander Kimbrell served admirably as the

Department of Defense Legislative Fellow for my office where he handled

House Armed Service Committee hearing preparation and execution while

also contributing to my work on with the House Foreign Affairs

Committee, and House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.
Above

all, he was the driving force behind my Maritime policy portfolio via

multiple, pieces of maritime legislation, congressional letters, as

well as multiple Maritime Statecraft engagements with representatives

from the Secretary of the Navy, Chief of Naval Operations, Maritime

Administrator, and an extensive executive list of Maritime industry

stakeholders involved in carrying out maritime statecraft activities

and national maritime strategy.
His efforts advanced a shared effort for reinvigorating our Nation's

maritime sector and gaining greater insight into the tools available

for helping create a more favorable global environment for advancing

America's maritime power.
Commander Kimbrell has had a remarkable twenty-two-year career after

enlisting into the U.S. Navy in 2002, graduating from the University of

Massachusetts in 2011, and commissioning as an Ensign designated as an

Intelligence Officer.
He served aboard two aircraft carriers, an

amphibious war ship, as well as temporary duties aboard the NATO Afloat

Standing Maritime Group Flag Ship.
Later, he won the 2017 RADM Thomas A

Brooks Junior Officer of the Year for the Naval Intelligence Community

Award while assigned to Carrier Air Wing THREE.
He also served as the

Deputy Director of Maritime Intelligence Operations Center and Chief of

Targets for U.S. FIFTH Fleet during which he was designated as a member

of the Military Top 40 Under 40 in 2017 by Recruit Military, Bradley

Morris, Inc. In addition, he served as the Executive Assistance to the

Director Maritime Operations as U.S. Pacific Fleet prior to his role as

Special Advisor to the Chief of Naval Operations on force design,

strategic planning, ally and partner interoperability, and strategic

risk.
The Secretary of the Navy was impressed enough by his legislative

work and especially in his creation of the maritime task force that he

selected Commander Kimbrell to serve as his Special Advisor in which he

advised the Secretary on maritime policy at the intersection of

industry, government agencies, strategic think tanks, maritime advocacy

groups, and U.S. Congress.
His efforts led to the second annual

Maritime Statecraft Innovation workshop sponsored by the Secretary of

the Navy and Maritime Administration.
Mr. Speaker, next month Commander Kimbrell will assume duties as the

Deputy Legislative Director to the Commander of European Command in

Stuttgart, Germany.
It has been a great pleasure to work with Commander

Kimbrell during his time representing the Department of Defense in my

office on Capitol Hill.
On behalf of our grateful Nation, it is my

honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice of Commander

Kimbrell and his four children.
I wish them the very best as they

continue their journey in our U.S. Navy.
They have dedicated their

lives to the service of our great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE INCREDIBLE CAREER OF THE HONORABLE DIANA E. BAJOIE

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

incredible New Orleans Matriarch, former State Senator Diana Bajoie.
She is one for the history books.