May God continue to bless her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE INCREDIBLE LIFE OF TESSIE NELDA PREVOST-WILLIAMS

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize New

Orleans' beloved native daughter, a true friend, mentor and confidant

to many, and most notably, a Civil Rights Pioneer of the New Orleans

Public School Desegregation--The New Orleans Four, Tessie Nelda

Prevost-Williams.
She was born Tessie Nelda Prevost at Charity Hospital

on September 26, 1954.
She passed away surrounded by her immediate

family and loved ones on Saturday July 6, 2024, at the age of 69.
She

is survived by her mother Dorothy Mackey Prevost (93), her sister Tory

Prevost (D'Wayne Hulbert), and her lifelong friends, Civil Rights

Pioneers Gail Etienne and Leona Tate.
She was preceded in death by her

father Charles Henry Prevost, Jr., and her husband Dwight Williams.
She was a life member of Branch Bell Baptist Church, located in the

Lower Ninth Ward of New Orleans, Louisiana, christened, baptized and

later joined in holy matrimony on October 20, 1984, to the late Dwight

Williams at that location.
She was an active member in the church from

a very young age, from serving as president of the Youth Usher Board to

serving as President of the Senior Usher Board.
Always on program at

church, speaking and performing, she was a spirited child who was loved

and known by many.
Tessie Prevost is most noted as one of four 6-year-old girls who

became the first African Americans to desegregate formerly white only

public elementary schools in New Orleans and the Deep South.
On

November 14, 1960, with world-wide attention set on the city of New

Orleans, Ruby Bridges, Gail Etienne, Tessie Prevost, and Leona Tate

(The New Orleans Four) escorted by U.S. Federal Marshals wearing yellow

armbands desegregated two schools.
Three of the girls (Gail Etienne,

Tessie Prevost, and Leona Tate) enrolled at McDonogh 19 elementary

school located at 5909 St. Claude Ave.
The fourth girl (Ruby Bridges)

enrolled at William Frantz elementary school located at 3811 N. Galvez

St. As America's Little Soldier Girls, they played an integral and

pivotal role in the Civil Rights Movement sparking the inspiration for

the Children's Crusade of 1963.
After McDonogh 19 became predominantly black, Tessie, Gail and Leona

along with 8 other students desegregated another formerly white only

public elementary school in the Lower Ninth Ward Thomas Jefferson

Semmes, where they endured violent, horrifying and dehumanizing

treatment from white teachers, students and cafeteria workers who spit

in their food and at times refused to serve them.
After successfully desegregating TJ Semmes and completing 6th grade,

Tessie's parents enrolled her at Rivers Frederick Junior High School,

where she found music.
She learned to play the flute and joined the

marching band.
Tessie remained in predominantly Black schools

continuing her education at Joseph S. Clark Senior High School.
There,

she also played in the Joseph S. Clark Marching Band.
Following high

school, she attended the University of New Orleans and University of

Southeastern Louisiana focusing her studies on education and history.
She stayed active in community civic engagement to make things better

for her people and served as a member of Women for Progressive Action,

where she would encourage her community to register to vote.
As a professional, Tessie was employed by the U.S. Postal Service for

several years, but she answered her call to work in education and

community.
Her proud moments were supporting young kids and families

who didn't have dental Insurance when she first started working at

Louisiana State University Health Science Center in the Department of

Pediatric Dentistry.
She later became an assistant to Professors in the

Biochemistry Department where she prepared syllabi for the Ph.D.

program at LSU School of Dentistry.
After 27 years of service, she

retired in 2017.