Ms. Prevost and Ms. Etienne committed themselves to

preserving and protecting the history and legacy of The New Orleans

Four.
Before her passing, Tessie and Gail partnered with the industry

professionals who paid it forward to ensure that the story of The New

Orleans Four would never be lost in history again They planned to

release a host of projects with the launch of The New Orleans Four

Legacy Collection and their Serving Black Girl Magic Since 1960 brand

and initiative.
Tessie Prevost, a child soldier, a civil rights pioneer, an activist

for justice and a businesswoman and entrepreneur, profoundly stressed a

quality and equitable education as the key to success and achievements

``Education unleashes the past and paves the path of the future''.
In November 2023, as part of the 50th Anniversary of Bayou Classic,

the Southern University Law Center at the Louis A. Berry Institute for

Civil Rights & Justice presented and honored the members of The New

Orleans Four during the Southern University convening of the Board of

Directors.
Civil Rights Pioneers Tessie Prevost, Gail Etienne and Leona

Tate were honorary Marshals in the Bayou Classic Parade.
The ladies

received joyous shouts of thank you from parade goers State

Representative Alonzo Knox petitioned Governor John Bel Edwards to sign

an official statement.
In November, for their 63rd anniversary, the

Governor signed the official statement in support of the City Council

of New Orleans proclaiming November 14th--New Orleans Four Day.
On May 14, 2024, Tessie Prevost, Gail Etienne, and Leona Tate were

invited to be

honored by the United States Department of Justice Civil Rights

Division and the United States Department of Education Office of Civil

Rights for the 70th Anniversary of Brown v Board.
All three of them

were slated to fly to Washington D.C. to be honored by Attorney General

Merrick B Garland, and Secretary of Education Miquel Cardona.
Due to

her illness, Tessie was unable to fly with Gail and Leona.
These women

joined Assistant Attorney General for a fireside chat, and they shared

the platform with other powerful notables like Assistant Secretary for

Civil Rights Catherine E. Lhamon, President & Director-Counsel of the

NAACP Legal Defense Fund Janai Nelson, and Saba Bireda, Co-founder, and

Chief Legal Counsel of Brown's Promise.
Before her illness, she continued to lend herself in service to the

community of LaPlace, Louisiana and New Orleans with hopes that by

sharing their story and school experiences, she will inspire the next

generation to pick up the torch to protect and continue the movement

toward equitable opportunities and racial harmony.
Ms. Prevost lived in

LaPlace, Louisiana, as a faithful member of Rising Star Baptist Church

and a former president of the usher board at Blanch Bell Baptist

Church.
She is also survived by her niece Deja Hulbert, nephew Derius

Hulbert, her godchild, Ahtika Monique Merricks, her cousin, who was

like a sister, Sharon Merricks, sister-laws, Dorothy Williams Grimble,

Shirley Williams and Brenda Brock Williams, as well as a host of and

friends.
She was loved and adored by her late grandmothers, Dora

Prevost, and Arie Ruth Mackey.
I am so blessed and grateful to have known this phenomenal woman, a

real trailblazer, leader and my true friend.
May her story forever

remain in the history books for everyone across the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DIXON FAMILY SERVICES

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dixon

Family Services as they celebrate their 40th year of service.
Established in 1984, Dixon Family Services is a community-based

organization that offers intervention and support services.
Cooperating

with local schools, churches, businesses, and community members, Dixon

Family Services assists residents in the pursuit of goals such as

financial stability, improved or increased employment, escape from

domestic violence, household budgeting, improved nutrition, and

emotional wellness.