From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
EVERETT L. DARGAN, M.D.

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. Everett

L. Dargan, an outstanding surgeon, a devoted husband and father, and an

all-around good citizen of South Carolina.
Dr. Dargan passed away on

April 1, 2025, and leaves an enduring legacy of stewardship,

excellence, and distinction.
He led an inspiring life of remarkable

achievement and grace as a scholar, surgeon, sportsman, public servant,

mentor, and friend to many.
Growing up in Columbia, South Carolina during the Great Depression,

Dr. Dargan supported his family by shining shoes, delivering

newspapers, waiting tables, and working summers on his uncles' family

farm.
At the age of 15, Dr. Dargan won a scholarship to Morehouse College

in Atlanta.
He later transferred to the University of Buffalo in

upstate New York, where he earned a bachelor's degree in biology in

1949.
Dr. Dargan continued his education at Howard University's College

of Medicine where he earned his M.D. and won First Prize in Medicine.
After medical school, he completed his internship at Kings County

Hospital Center in Brooklyn, New York, and was later named chief

resident surgeon at the Bronx Municipal Hospital Center of the Albert

Einstein College of Medicine in New York.
Dr. Dargan interrupted his specialty training to serve in the United

States Air Force as a captain and commander of the 3910th USAF Hospital

in Mildenhall/Lakenheath, England, during the Korean War.
Later, he

would continue his commitment to providing quality medical care to

military veterans through his service to the Dorn Veterans

Administration Medical Center in Columbia, South Carolina.
Dr. Dargan returned to New York and continued his commitment to

academic medicine as a researcher and instructor through various

appointments, including associate professor of surgery at the Albert

Einstein College of Medicine, chief of surgery at Lincoln Hospital, and

director of surgery at Sydenham Hospital.
At Lincoln Hospital, he met

his wife, a registered nurse and flight attendant at TWA, Carol Poyner.
They married in 1965, and later moved to Boston, where Dr. Dargan

completed his training in thoracic and cardiovascular surgery at Boston

City Hospital, achieving the post of chief resident surgeon, and became

a thoracic surgical instructor at Boston University Medical Center in

Massachusetts.
In keeping with his commitment to academic surgery as teacher,

practitioner and researcher, he taught medical students and surgical

residents for more than 12 years.
Dr. Dargan was an advocate for

indigent patient care and quality medical care for veterans.
In 1978, Dr. Dargan returned to Columbia for the remainder of his

career, first joining the private medical practice of Cyril Spann,

M.D., and then joining in partnership with Gerald A Wilson, M.D., to

form Midlands Surgical Associates, PA, a private surgical practice.
He

remained dedicated to serving his fellow veterans with excellent

medical care, practicing at Dorn Veterans Medical Center for decades.
Dr. Dargan was the first African American surgeon to serve as chief

of surgery and then chief of staff at Richland Memorial Hospital (now

Prisma Health).
A lifelong scholar, he was honored by the Alpha Omega

Alpha Honor Medical Society in 1996 for his distinguished career of

leadership in medicine.
After retirement from his surgical practice in

2004, Dr. Dargan worked for the South Carolina Board of Medical

Examiners for nearly a decade.
In 2020, Dr. Dargan received the Dean's

Distinguished Service Award as a Friend of the University of South

Carolina School of Medicine.
In a final act of service, Dr. Dargan donated his body to the

Department of Anatomy at Howard University College of Medicine, to aid

in the training of future medical professionals.
Throughout his career, he trained fellow surgeons, presenting

research findings, and delivering papers at medical conferences in

Africa and throughout the United States, often at meetings of the

American College of Surgeons, where he became a Fellow, and for the

National Medical Association.