With Milton severely damaging the East side of the county, the

Withlacoochee River began to overflow at a historic rate, leaving many

Ridge Manor families with limited access to their homes.
As the United

Way's team set up a POD (Point of Distribution) of basic necessities,

washer/dryer, showers, hot meals, and MRE and water distribution, Donna

and her husband Billy volunteered daily, connecting with every

distraught resident along the way.
When United Way activated its FRC in

Ridge Manor, Donna oversaw operations for distribution at the center--

prepackaging food and toiletry bags, creating a procedure to collecting

and filling the needs, and organizing all items donated to us and

distributed out.
This effort took place daily for 30 days.
Without

Donna and her ability and willingness to coordinate, far fewer people

would have been helped.
As the holidays came and went, Donna kept in

touch, wanting to donate her time with us in ``blue skies'' as well.
She completed the agency's stringent 3-day VITA (Volunteer Income Tax

Assistance) training in December and became IRS certified to assist

low-to-moderate income families throughout tax filing season.
Donna

volunteers her time as a tax preparer, working one on one with

families, at 3 of 5 Hernando preparation sites, equaling a total of 5

days a week since February (logging over 135 TD).
This doesn't include

her endless hours assisting the organization with event prep,

administrative services, and partnership planning.
Donna works

beautifully in a group setting, as well as independently being able to

complete projects.
She is thoughtful, caring, and always going one step

beyond you would expect someone to.
It is clear Donna Telesco has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive to

serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TASHA PHILLIPS

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Ms. Tasha Phillips has made to our community in the

aftermath of Hurricane Milton.
In addition to providing countless hours

of direct support to neighbors and flood victims, she helped coordinate

the collection and distribution of emergency supplies, meals and

donated services to help those who needed help.
A truly selfless

leader, Ms. Phillips was a strong advocate for bringing in government

and non-profit resources to aid in the recovery process.
It is clear that Tasha Phillips has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive

to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TERESA PIECHOWICZ

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Teresa Piechowicz has made to our community as a

volunteer with the Hernando County Family YMCA.
The Hernando County

Family YMCA is more than just a place--it's a community, a support

system, and a beacon of hope for so many.
None of that would be

possible without dedicated volunteers, like Teresa Piechowicz.
Her

unwavering commitment, boundless energy, and compassionate spirit make

her an invaluable part of the YMCA family.
Teresa's impact can be felt

in every corner of the organization.
She is involved in nearly every

event hosted--always the first to arrive and the last to leave.
Whether

she's assisting with youth programs, supporting fundraising

initiatives, or simply offering a warm smile to a member in need,

Teresa gives selflessly--never asking for recognition, but always

making a difference.
Her enthusiasm is contagious, inspiring both staff

and fellow volunteers.
She has a unique ability to lift others up,

ensuring that every person who walks through our doors feels welcomed

and supported.
Her kindness is not just in her words but in her

actions--consistently stepping in wherever she is needed without

hesitation.