Over the course of the agency's esteemed 100 year history, the

dedicated men and women of the Rhode Island State Police have worked

tirelessly to ensure Rhode Islanders' safety.
And I know that for the

next one hundred years they will continue to serve justice, help

stranded motorists, and keep our communities safe.
As they mark their

centenary during national law enforcement week, I join every Rhode

Islander in thanking the Troopers of the Rhode Island State Police for

their 100 years of public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 10, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 11

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Defense.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Army Corps of Engineers and

the Bureau of Reclamation.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Bryan

Bedford, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Federal

Aviation Administration.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of the Interior.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sean

McMaster, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the

Federal Highway Administration, John Busterud, of

California, to be Assistant Administrator, Office of

Solid Waste, Environmental Protection Agency, and Adam

Telle, of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Army, Department of Defense.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the privacy and national

security implications of the 23andMe bankruptcy.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and

Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Forest Service.
11:30 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Cheryl

Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, and

Donald Bergin III, of Virginia, to be an Assistant

Secretary (Congressional and Legislative Affairs), both

of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
S-216

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban

Development, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Housing and

Urban Development.
4 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of the Treasury.
JUNE 12

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the United

States Central Command in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.