S-216

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban

Development, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Housing and

Urban Development.
4 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of the Treasury.
JUNE 12

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the United

States Central Command in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1829, to combat the

sexual exploitation of children by supporting victims

and promoting accountability and transparency by the

tech industry, and the nominations of Stanley Woodward,

Jr., of the District of Columbia, to be Associate

Attorney General, Thomas Gaiser, of Ohio, to be an

Assistant Attorney General, Joseph Edlow, of Maryland,

to be Director of United States Citizenship and

Immigration Services, Department of Homeland Security,

John Squires, of Florida, to be Under Secretary of

Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the

United States Patent and Trademark Office, Ronald A.

Parsons, Jr., of South Dakota, to be United States

Attorney for the District of South Dakota for the term

of four years.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Benjamin

DeMarzo, of Virginia, and Craig Trainor, of Virginia,

both to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing and Urban

Development, Jovan Jovanovic, of Pennsylvania, to be

President of the Export-Import Bank of the United

States for a term expiring January 20, 2029, Francis

Brooke, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Treasury, and David Peters, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Secretary of Commerce.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Coast Guard, Maritime, and Fisheries

To hold hearings to examine conflicts over ocean

resources.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Treasury and tax reform.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sean

Cairncross, of Minnesota, to be National Cyber

Director, Robert Law, of the District of Columbia, to

be Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans,

James Percival, of Florida, to be General Counsel, and

Sean Plankey, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the

Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, all

of the Department of Homeland Security, Kevin Rhodes,

of Florida, to be Administrator for Federal Procurement

Policy, Office of Management and Budget, and James

Woodruff II, of Florida, to be a Member of the Merit

Systems Protection Board.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Luigi

Rinaldi, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Oriental

Republic of Uruguay.
JUNE 17

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Technology, and Data

Privacy

To hold hearings to examine the World Anti Doping Agency,

focusing on swimming in denial over Chinese doping.
JUNE 18

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future

Years Defense Program for the Department of Defense; to

be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Army.
POSTPONEMENTS

JUNE 11

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine reforms after the storms,

focusing on conducting oversight of SBA's Disaster Loan

Program.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
EVERETT L. DARGAN, M.D.

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.