Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate an extraordinary achievement by a remarkable young man from

my district, Johntae Duncan, a vital member of the Walter H. Dyett High

School for the Arts boys' basketball team, the Eagles.
This team

achieved a historic victory, winning the 2024-2025 Illinois High School

Association (IHSA) Class 2A State Championship with a decisive 52-41

win over Althoff Catholic High School on March 15, 2025.
This championship is more than just a win on the court; it is a

profound testament to the resilience, determination, and unity of the

Dyett High School community and the vibrant Bronzeville neighborhood.
A

decade ago, Dyett faced the threat of closure, but through powerful

community advocacy and unwavering commitment, its doors remained open.
Today, the Eagles' triumph, in which Johntae Duncan played a crucial

role, symbolizes the incredible potential that flourishes when a

community invests in its youth and its institutions.
Johntae Duncan, along with his teammates, demonstrated exceptional

skill, discipline, and teamwork throughout their season, navigating

challenges and competing at the highest level.
His hard work and

dedication were integral to the team's success, culminating in this

well-deserved championship that brings immense pride and joy to his

school, family, and the entire community.
I also extend my deepest gratitude to Head Coach Jamaal Gill, whose

visionary leadership

and guidance steered the team to this historic victory, and to

Assistant Coaches Kimani Harris, Pierre Adams, and Nathan Townsen, Jr.,

whose mentorship was vital to the players' development, community

advocacy and unwavering commitment, its doors remained open.
Today, the

Eagles' triumph, in which Johntae Duncan played a crucial role,

symbolizes the incredible potential that flourishes when a community

invests in its youth and its institutions.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating

Johntae Duncan and the entire Dyett High School boys' basketball team

on their momentous achievement and in honoring them for the inspiration

they provide to communities across our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MIKE LEVIN

Mr. LEVIN.
Mr. Speaker, my flight was delayed on Tuesday, June 3,

2025, and I missed the first vote that evening.
Had I been present, I

would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
146.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DONNA TELESCO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Donna Telesco has made as a volunteer with United

Way of Hernando County.
Donna not only coordinated relief supplies

inventory at our Family Resource Center (FRC) daily for 2 weeks, she

was a lead volunteer when it came to identifying unmet needs and

residential trends as individuals impacted began to open up regarding

their level of destruction.
She prepped supply bags, organized

inventory, communicated with other volunteers, and showed up each day

with a smile, ready and willing to help however needed.
In preparation

for Hurricane Milton, just a few short weeks later, Donna helped the

organization pack up thousands of relief and recovery items onto a 40

foot trailer.
She and her husband patiently waited on stand-by for the

storm to pass and roads to clear, offering to help again when needed.
With Milton severely damaging the East side of the county, the

Withlacoochee River began to overflow at a historic rate, leaving many

Ridge Manor families with limited access to their homes.
As the United

Way's team set up a POD (Point of Distribution) of basic necessities,

washer/dryer, showers, hot meals, and MRE and water distribution, Donna

and her husband Billy volunteered daily, connecting with every

distraught resident along the way.
When United Way activated its FRC in

Ridge Manor, Donna oversaw operations for distribution at the center--

prepackaging food and toiletry bags, creating a procedure to collecting

and filling the needs, and organizing all items donated to us and

distributed out.