S-116

9:50 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jeffrey

Hall, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of

the Environmental Protection Agency; to be immediately

followed by oversight hearings to examine the U.S. Army

Corps of Engineers.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Neil

Jacobs, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary of

Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; to be immediately

followed by hearings to examine the nominations of

Michael Graham, of Virginia, to be a Member of the

National Transportation Safety Board, Ethan Klein, of

New Jersey, to be an Associate Director of the Office

of Science and Technology Policy, and Joyce Meyer, of

Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for

Economic Affairs.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine reviewing recent events at

the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and

implications for children's health.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration

To hold hearings to examine missing unaccompanied alien

children and criminal sponsors.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine conspiracy theories,

antisemitism, and democratic decline.
2358C-RHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine Indian Self-Determination and

Education Assistance Act successes and opportunities at

the Department of the Interior and the Indian Health

Service.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine using the 504 program to

build America's manufacturing future.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine drug safety, supply chains,

and the risk to aging Americans.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine strengthening services for

veterans with spinal cord injury and disorder.
SEPTEMBER 18

9 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider an original bill entitled,

``Free Speech Protection and Reforming Expiring

Authorities'', an original bill entitled, ``Safer

Counter-Drone Authorities'', S. 1221, to prohibit

contracting with persons that have business operations

with the Maduro regime, S. 2283, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

201 West Oklahoma Avenue in Guthrie, Oklahoma, as the

``Oscar J. Upham Post Office'', and S. 252, to increase

access to agency guidance documents.
10 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Platte

Moring, of South Carolina, to be Inspector General,

Kirsten Davies, of Tennessee, to be Chief Information

Officer, James Mazol, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under

Secretary, and Derrick Anderson, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the state of K-12 education.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jennifer

Lee Mascott, of Delaware, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Third Circuit, Robert P. Chamberlin, and

James D. Maxwell II, both to be a United States

District Judge for the Northern District of

Mississippi, Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., and Harold D. Mooty

III, both to be a United States District Judge for the

Northern District of Alabama, Bill Lewis, to be United

States District Judge for the Middle District of

Alabama, David Courcelle, to be United States Attorney

for the Eastern District of Louisiana for the term of

four years, and Scott Leary, to be United States

Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi for

the term of four years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING JOHN McINTYRE (MAC) TOLAR FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO OUR

NATION

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.