He was initially hired to serve as the

Select Committee's Senior Counsel and then moved into the important

role of Security Manager.
As an employee of the Select Committee, Mac

analyzed thousands of pages of documents, communications, and other

executive branch materials relating to the terrorist attacks in

Benghazi.
Once his tenure with the Select Committee ended, Mac landed in the

Office of the Chief Administrative Officer in 2016 and immediately

began serving as the Director of the Wounded Warrior Program, now known

as the Green & Gold Congressional Aide Program.
Over the past nine years, Mac's leadership, stewardship, and

dedication have driven several significant enhancements to this

outstanding program.
These efforts include modernizing several

components of the program, updating the requirements for participation,

broadening the scope to cover Gold Star Family Members and Active-Duty

Military Spouses, expanding allocations assigned to Member, Committee,

Leadership, and House Officer organizations, enhancing the orientation

program and professional development offerings for the Aides, and

launching the program's social media presence and dynamic website.
Mac's impact on the program is best seen in the lives and careers of

the many Aides who came through during his tenure as Director.
From

December 2016 to August 2025, 339 Aides completed the two-year

assignment.
Of those, 37 percent of them continued their careers in

Congress.
Additionally, nearly 80 percent of the Aides built on their

experience by finding new roles in government, transitioning

successfully to the private sector, or enrolling in college to further

their education.
These achievements are a true reflection of Mac's

leadership--underscoring not only the strength of the program, but also

the lasting opportunities it provided to so many.
I would also like to recognize and thank Mac's family for their

encouragement, love, and support, including his wife Helen Tolar--who

was also a decorated House and Senate senior staff member--and their

three children Walker, Mary Mac, and Oliver.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Mac Tolar for his outstanding

contributions and overall impact on our Nation.
Whether it was in the

military, local or state government, or as an employee of the House of

Representatives, Mac always made a difference in each job and an impact

in every role.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome His All-Holiness

Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to the United States.
His first visit since 2021, he joins us on his eighth Apostolic trip

to our country during which he will receive the prestigious Templeton

Prize for his environmental advocacy.
The ``Green Patriarch's'' landmark 1997 speech in Santa Barbara--in

which he first posited the notion of ecological sin--is striking for

how revolutionary it was then, and how prescient it remains today.
In

particular, one line from His All-Holliness' remarks 28 years ago

struck me as worthy of meditating upon in the tumultuous times in which

we find ourselves.
In his speech, His All-Holliness offers the following: ``we lovingly

suggest to all the people of the earth, that they seek to help one

another to understand the myriad ways in which we are related to the

earth, and to one another.
Now, perhaps more than any time in my recollection, that call to

engage with one another, identify our commonalities, eschew clinging to

our differences, and help--how we can, where we can--feels vital to the

moral health of the American people and the long-term viability of our

global environment.
On behalf of the Eastern Orthodox Christian community of Southwestern

Connecticut, I would like to extend my congratulations to His All-

Holiness for his Templeton Prize; it is a well-deserved acknowledgement

of his years of advocacy.
I hope his trip is a success and that he

enjoys his time in the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS BARTHOLOMEW I, ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH OF

CONSTANTINOPLE

_____

HON.
DINA TITUS

Ms. TITUS.