10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jennifer

Lee Mascott, of Delaware, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Third Circuit, Robert P. Chamberlin, and

James D. Maxwell II, both to be a United States

District Judge for the Northern District of

Mississippi, Edmund G. LaCour, Jr., and Harold D. Mooty

III, both to be a United States District Judge for the

Northern District of Alabama, Bill Lewis, to be United

States District Judge for the Middle District of

Alabama, David Courcelle, to be United States Attorney

for the Eastern District of Louisiana for the term of

four years, and Scott Leary, to be United States

Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi for

the term of four years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING JOHN McINTYRE (MAC) TOLAR FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO OUR

NATION

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and thank John

McIntyre (Mac) Tolar for dedicating over three decades of service to

our Nation's military, state, local, and federal governments, including

the past thirteen years as an employee within the United States House

of Representatives.
After graduating from the University of South Carolina, Mac enlisted

in the United States Marine Corps as an infantry officer in 1987.
Mac

remained on active duty for eight years and continued his reserve duty

through 2012.
During his distinguished military career Mac was also a

Reconnaissance Officer and deployed to the Middle East in support of

Operation Desert Shield, Desert Storm, and in support of the Global War

on Terror.
Mac was decorated with four awards for exceptional individual service

and received numerous awards from his unit.
While on reserve duty, Mac

earned his law degree from the University of South Carolina in 2001 and

completed his military career as a Judge Advocate.
After earning his law degree, Mac embarked on a career in local

government.
From November 2001 to February 2003, Mac served as an

Assistant Solicitor for the 15th Circuit in Conway, South Carolina,

where he was responsible for prosecuting misdemeanor offenses and

General Session transfer cases.
Mac showed tremendous initiative in

this role by developing and implementing a successful DUI curriculum

for local law enforcement personnel.
This training program was so

successful that it was later expanded to the South Carolina Criminal

Justice Academy and the Commission on Prosecution Coordination.
Mac continued his career in South Carolina serving as the in-house

Counsel for the Georgetown County government.
In this role, Mac was

responsible for drafting, reviewing, and approving legal documents,

including deeds, contracts, leases, dedication instruments, financing

documents, resolutions and ordinances.
These wide-ranging

responsibilities afforded Mac the opportunity to provide expert legal

representation to several county offices, boards, commissions, and

employees.
After a four-year tour in private practice, Mac joined the office of

United States Representative Martha Roby as her Military Legislative

Counsel.
Mac's military and legal background perfectly positioned him

for his role in the office.
His primary responsibilities included

serving as the Congresswoman's Veterans affairs, national security, and

foreign policy advisor.
Mac was instrumental in creating and managing

Representative Roby's constituent Veterans' Advisory Committee, which

allowed the Congresswoman to gain additional insights, perspectives,

and ideas to drive her oversight and legislative agenda.
In July 2014, Mac landed his next role in Congress working for the

Select Committee on Benghazi.
He was initially hired to serve as the

Select Committee's Senior Counsel and then moved into the important

role of Security Manager.
As an employee of the Select Committee, Mac

analyzed thousands of pages of documents, communications, and other

executive branch materials relating to the terrorist attacks in

Benghazi.
Once his tenure with the Select Committee ended, Mac landed in the

Office of the Chief Administrative Officer in 2016 and immediately

began serving as the Director of the Wounded Warrior Program, now known

as the Green & Gold Congressional Aide Program.