More than a dozen people

were killed and scores were injured during the riots, beginning a cycle

of violence and intimidation that has seen Istanbul's Greek population

reduced from 200,000 when the riots erupted to less than 2,000 today.
At a time when hostility and misunderstanding between the Christian

and Muslim worlds have reached a deadly standoff, Patriarch

Bartholomew, who speaks seven languages including Turkish, has made a

deliberate effort to reach out to Muslims throughout the Middle East.
``It is our strong belief that Orthodox Christians have a special

responsibility to assist East-West rapprochement,'' he noted.
``For,

like the Turkish Republic, we have a foot in both worlds.''
Pointing

out that Orthodox Christians have a 550-year history of co-existence

with Muslims in the Middle East, he has initiated a series of meetings

with Muslim leaders throughout the region in what he calls ``a dialogue

of loving truth.''
To strengthen that dialogue, he has traveled to

Libya, Syria, Egypt, Iran, Jordan, Azerbaijan, Qatar, and Bahrain, and

met political and religious figures in those countries, whom no other

Christian hierarch has ever visited.
As a result, the Patriarch has

created more bridges between Christianity and Islam than any other

prominent Christian leader.
The Patriarch's concerns are not just limited to interfaith conflicts

but have expanded to embrace all of God's creation.
He has shown such

concern for the environment that he has become widely known as ``the

Green Patriarch.''
He famously declared shortly after he assumed the

ecumenical throne in 1991 that ``crime against the natural world is a

sin.''
Human beings and the environment, he stated, ``compose a

seamless garment of existence, a multicolored cloth, which we believe

to be woven in its entirety by God.''
The world, he told a 1997

conference of environmentalists in Santa Barbara, California, ``is not

ours to use for our own convenience.
It is God's gift of love to us,

and we must return his love by protecting it and all that is in it.''
To back up his words with action, Bartholomew launched a series of

initiatives to raise worldwide concern for the environment.
In 1992 he

proposed to all Orthodox churches that September 1st be celebrated as a

special day of prayer for the environment.
In 1995 he started a series

of environmental conferences, inviting prominent scientists, political

leaders, theologians, ecologists, and journalists to embark on weeklong

trips to examine the destruction that pollution has caused on major

waters.
Designed to draw international attention to the ecological

degradation of the areas they visit, five such floating conferences

have taken place in the past decade to the Black Sea, the Aegean, the

Adriatic, the Baltic and the Danube River.
For his work to combat

pollution, the Patriarch was chosen in 2002 to receive Norway's Sophie

Prize, the most important international award given for leadership on

the environment.
He donated the $100,000 prize money to the poor

children of Ethiopia, Greece, and Turkey.
``We are losing time,''

Bartholomew warned while accepting the award, ``and the more we wait,

the more difficult and irreparable the damage.''
Although his efforts have brought him little relief from his problems

in Turkey, they have been recognized around the world, including by the

U.S. Congress, which gave him its highest award, the Congressional Gold

Medal, in a ceremony in the Capitol.
``The greatest lesson about

America lies under this magnificent dome,'' he told the assembled

legislators.
``The Pentagon embodies might, but the Capitol embodies

right.
In these halls, different points of view meet and are reconciled

. . .
And--most important to the Orthodox Church during many dark

ages--in these halls human rights are preserved and human dignity is

enhanced.''