Title: CELEBRATING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW AND HIS VISIT TO THE UNITED STATES; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
150

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW AND HIS VISIT TO THE

UNITED STATES

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to welcome to America one of our

world's significant religious leaders--Ecumenical Patriarch

Bartholomew, the Spiritual Head of Orthodox Christians, the second

largest Christian Church in the world.
Around the world there are over

250 million Orthodox Christians.
In America there are well over a

million Orthodox Christians with Churches in all 50 states.
Even in low

population states there are numerous churches--like for example, four

Orthodox Churches in the state of Wyoming.
After his visit in Washington, D.C. with our President at the White

House and with the bipartisan leadership of the Congress, he will be

traveling to New York City to receive the Templeton Prize.
That Prize

is one of the world's leading recognitions of world leaders who make an

exceptional contribution to the deepest questions regarding the

universe and humankind's place and purpose within it.
Previous winners

of that Prize have included Archbishop Desmond Tutu, the Dalai Lama,

Mother Teresa.
and Billy Graham.
His All-Holiness is also a recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal,

the highest Congressional Award.
That Gold Medal had also been awarded

to George Washington and to Abraham Lincoln.
The Congress emphasized

that Gold Medal by having more Members of Congress asking to have their

names added as co-sponsors of that legislation than any other bill

introduced during the 105th Congress.
The Congressional Gold Medal

recipients who were presented with the Award immediately before and

immediately after Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, were Mother Teresa

and Nelson Mandela.
Within Christian Orthodoxy, an over 2,000-year-old religion, His All-

Holiness is the longest serving Ecumenical Patriarch.
He is the 269th

direct successor of Jesus Christ's first Apostle, Andrew.
Andrew's

brother Peter carried his mission to what is today the Vatican.
Today's

Pope Leo is the 266th direct successor of the Apostle Peter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF CATERPILLAR INC.
HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate the 100th anniversary of Caterpillar Inc., marking a century

of customer-centric innovation and industry-leading transformation.
With a strong history in my district, Caterpillar serves as a

cornerstone example of American innovation and industry leadership.
Founded in 1925, when the Holt Manufacturing Company and the C.L.

Best Tractor Company merged to form what became the Caterpillar Tractor

Company, the business began with its first track type tractor designed

to pull combine harvesters.
Now, Caterpillar delivers autonomous

construction and mining equipment and engines that power the world,

helping customers complete infrastructure projects that have shaped the

modern era.
Caterpillar is a consistent leader in industrial innovation.
With

more than 113,000 employees worldwide, this American based company

continues to serve customers across the globe.
Through their work and

customer focus, Caterpillar helps communities in Illinois, across our

country, and around the world rise to meet challenges and build a

better future.
As we commemorate this incredible milestone.
I want to recognize the

entire Caterpillar team for their entrepreneurial spirit, strong

values, and unwavering commitment to manufacturing and innovation in

the United States.
I congratulate Caterpillar on 100 years of American excellence.
May

the next century strengthen the values that make Caterpillar, Illinois,

and our Nation strong.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 90TH BIRTHDAY OF WANDA BABB

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 90th birthday

of Mrs. Wanda Faye Babb of Paris, Texas.
Mrs. Babb was born on September 20, 1935, in Paris, Texas.
Mrs. Babb

attended school in Paris, the same place where she would grow into an

active member within her church and community.