Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 90th birthday

of Mrs. Wanda Faye Babb of Paris, Texas.
Mrs. Babb was born on September 20, 1935, in Paris, Texas.
Mrs. Babb

attended school in Paris, the same place where she would grow into an

active member within her church and community.
She has dedicated her life to faith, family, and community.
Mrs. Babb

has been a devoted member of many churches and has spent her time

teaching Sunday school and guiding the youth.
On November 25, 1953,

Mrs. Babb married the love of her life, the late Wendell Babb.
Together, they raised three wonderful children, and over the years,

their family grew to include many cherished grandchildren and great-

grandchildren.
Mrs. Babb owned and operated Byers Beauty Shop in Paris, a business

started by her mother, where she worked for decades as a beloved

cosmetologist.
She took pride in her business and treated her clients

like family.
In addition to the beauty shop, Mrs. Babb spent time as a

representative for Mary Kay, where she strived to provide opportunities

for her employees.
Throughout her life, she has been a dedicated and

devoted wife, mother, and grandmother, striving to instill a strong

faith and love of music in her grandkids.
In her free time, she enjoys

cooking, playing piano, and recognizing every Western television and

film actor.
Mrs. Babb credits her life to the Lord, her family, and

loving her country.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of Mrs. Babb's incredible life and journey.
May

God bless Mrs. Babb on 90 years of life filled with patriotism, faith,

and joy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SERGEANT DONALD ``DONNY'' GRUNDHAUSER

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent,

Sergeant Donald ``Donny'' Grundhauser, who recently passed away after a

courageous battle with cancer.
Sergeant Grundhauser joined the Saint Paul Police Department in 1994,

proud to serve the area where he was born and raised.
Over the course

of his 30-year career, he served in a wide range of demanding

assignments, including SWAT, the Homicide Unit, the Gang and Gun Unit,

ATF Federal Task Force, East Investigations as an Acting Commander and

the Special Operations Unit.
In recognition of his outstanding

contributions, Sergeant Grundhauser received three Unit Citations,

three Medals of Commendation, two Unit Letters of Recognition, and five

individual Letters of Recognition.
Sergeant Grundhauser was deeply respected by his neighbors and

colleagues for his courage, selflessness, and commitment to helping

others.
Known to his fellow officers as ``Grundy,'' he was a mentor and

friend to many, and he lived by the belief that it never cost anything

to be kind.
His family carries on his legacy of service, with his son,

Nicholas, and his two brothers, Mark and Keith, also serving in the

Saint Paul Police Department.
I offer my deepest condolences to Sergeant Grundhauser's family--his

wife, Kelly, and his children, Jacob and Nicholas.
Sergeant Grundhauser

represented the best of law enforcement, and I thank him and his family

for their service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF IGNACIO ``ZIGGY'' GONZALEZ

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District honors

the extraordinary life and legacy of Ignacio ``Ziggy'' Gonzalez, a

beloved son of southwest Detroit.
A proud veteran and dedicated

educator, Ziggy lived a long and impactful life of 94 years, which

stretched far beyond the baseball diamond and hockey rink.
Born in 1930, Ziggy proudly served in the United States Air Force

before returning home to raise a family and dedicate his life to

teaching and coaching.
As a beloved educator at Western High School,

``Mr. G'' inspired countless students with his humor, wisdom, and

unshakable belief in their potential.