I hope his trip is a success and that he

enjoys his time in the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS BARTHOLOMEW I, ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH OF

CONSTANTINOPLE

_____

HON.
DINA TITUS

Ms. TITUS.
Mr. Speaker, as a Vice Co-Chair of the Hellenic Caucus and

a proud Greek-American, I rise today to welcome His All-Holiness

Bartholomew I, Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople, to the United

States, the spiritual leader of the Orthodox Christian community around

the world.
His All-Holiness's visit to Washington, D.C. and New York is

yet another demonstration of his commitment to peace, his see, and the

millions of Orthodox Christians in the United States.
Born Demetrios Arhondonis in 1940 on the island of Imvros (today,

Gokceada, Turkey), His All-Holiness Bartholomew was elected in October

1991 as the 270th Archbishop of the 2000-year-old Church founded by the

Apostle Andrew.
His formal office is Archbishop of Constantinople-New

Rome and Ecumenical Patriarch, a historic title dating to the sixth

century.
The Ecumenical Patriarch received his elementary and secondary

education in Imvros and Istanbul.
After completing undergraduate

studies at the historic Theological School of Halki, he pursued

graduate studies at the Pontifical Oriental Institute of the Gregorian

University in Rome (Italy), the Ecumenical Institute in Bossey

(Switzerland), and the University of Munich (Germany).
His doctoral

dissertation, submitted to the University of Athens (Greece), was in

the field of Canon Law, and he was a founding member of the Society of

Canon Law of the Oriental Churches.
Ordained to the Diaconate in 1961

and to the Priesthood in 1969, he served as Assistant Dean at the

Theological School of Halki (1968 to 1972) before his appointment as

Personal Secretary to the late Ecumenical Patriarch Demetrios (1972 to

1990) as well as his election as Metropolitan of Philadelphia (1973)

and, subsequently, Metropolitan of Chalcedon (1990).
His see, the Ecumenical Patriarchate, once possessed holdings as vast

as the Vatican but has been reduced to a small, besieged enclave in a

decaying corner of Istanbul called the Phanar (Lighthouse).
Almost all

of its property has been seized by successive Turkish governments, its

schools have been closed, and its prelates are taunted by extremists

who demonstrate almost daily outside the Patriarchate, calling for its

ouster from Turkey.
The Patriarch himself is often jeered and

threatened when he ventures outside his walled enclave.
He is

periodically burned in effigy by Turkish chauvinists.
Petty bureaucrats

take pleasure in harassing him, summoning him to their offices to

question him about irrelevant issues, blocking his efforts to make

repairs in the few buildings still under his control, and issuing

veiled threats about what he says and does when he travels abroad.
The

Turkish government as a whole follows a policy that deliberately

beIittles him, refusing to recognize his ecumenical status as the

spiritual leader of a major religious faith.
In September 1955, when Bartholomew was studying in Istanbul, he

witnessed a massive pogrom against the city's Greek neighborhoods that

left them looking ``like the bombed parts of London during the Second

World War,'' as one British journalist reported.
While the police

``stood idly by or cheered on the mob,'' according to a report of the

U.S. consul, 4,000 Greek shops and 2,000 homes were sacked and

plundered, 38 churches were burned to the ground and 35 more

desecrated, and 52 schools were destroyed.
More than a dozen people

were killed and scores were injured during the riots, beginning a cycle

of violence and intimidation that has seen Istanbul's Greek population

reduced from 200,000 when the riots erupted to less than 2,000 today.
At a time when hostility and misunderstanding between the Christian

and Muslim worlds have reached a deadly standoff, Patriarch

Bartholomew, who speaks seven languages including Turkish, has made a

deliberate effort to reach out to Muslims throughout the Middle East.
``It is our strong belief that Orthodox Christians have a special

responsibility to assist East-West rapprochement,'' he noted.