``The Pentagon embodies might, but the Capitol embodies

right.
In these halls, different points of view meet and are reconciled

. . .
And--most important to the Orthodox Church during many dark

ages--in these halls human rights are preserved and human dignity is

enhanced.''
Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is a leading figure in the dialogues

of the Abrahamic Faiths--Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, and his

presence in Washington, D.C. is an extraordinary opportunity to

highlight the positive role that religious leaders of his stature bring

to the myriad causes we in Congress grapple with each day.
In addition to welcoming His All-Holiness to the United States and

recognizing his lifetime of service and commitment to peace, I also ask

that the House join me in congratulating Patriarch Bartholomew for

receiving this year's Templeton Prize.
Established in 1972, the

Templeton Prize honors individuals whose exemplary achievements advance

Sir John Templeton's philanthropic vision: harnessing the power of the

sciences to explore the deepest questions of the universe and

humankind's place and purpose within it.
At this year's ceremony, His

All-Holiness will be honored for ``pioneering efforts to bridge

scientific and spiritual understandings of humanity's relationship with

the natural world [which] have brought together people of different

faiths to heed a call for stewardship of creation.''
It is my hope that His All-Holiness's trip is not only a resounding

success, but brings with it a message for all of us as legislators to

recommit ourselves to complementing his vital work of building bridges,

protecting God's creation, and advancing the cause of peace around the

world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING HIS ALL-HOLINESS ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW, ARCHBISHOP

OF CONSTANTINOPLE-NEW ROME AND ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with great honor to welcome to

our Nation's Capital His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew,

Archbishop of Constantinople-New Rome and Ecumenical Patriarch.
He is

the Spiritual Head of the Orthodox Christian Church worldwide and

shepherd to over 300 million faithful.
For Orthodox Christians across

the globe, including many of my own constituents in Northwest Ohio, His

All-Holiness is not only their spiritual father but also a guiding

light for interfaith understanding, religious freedom, and

environmental stewardship.
Part of his visit to the United States is to receive the

distinguished Templeton Prize in New York City.
This recognition,

bestowed previously on figures such as Mother Teresa, the Dalai Lama,

and Archbishop Desmond Tutu, acknowledges his lifetime of service in

advancing the harmony of faith and reason, and his courageous

leadership on behalf of peace and the protection of God's creation.
His All-Holiness is no stranger to the halls of Congress.
On his

first visit to our Nation's Capital in 1997, he was awarded the

Congressional Gold Medal in the Rotunda, where he delivered an address

that remains a touchstone in the history of religious freedom and

international dialogue.
Through subsequent visits under both Democratic

and Republican administrations, the Ecumenical Patriarch has been

received with the highest honors by our Nation's leaders.
For more than three decades as Ecumenical Patriarch, His All-Holiness

has been a bridge-builder between peoples and nations.
He has convened

leaders of the Abrahamic faiths in pursuit of peace and reconciliation.
He has boldly raised the conscience of the world to the urgent moral

imperative of environmental responsibility.
For these efforts, he is

rightly known as the ``Green Patriarch.''
He has also been a steadfast

advocate for human rights and religious liberty across the globe,

strengthening the cause of freedom for all people.
On behalf of the people of Northwest Ohio, and especially our vibrant

Greek Orthodox community, I am proud to extend our heartfelt welcome to

His All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew as he returns to

Washington.
We rejoice in his recognition with the Templeton Prize, and

we pray that his ministry of peace, love, and reconciliation will

continue to inspire our Nation and our world.