Under the exemplary leadership of Ms. Locker, the Hunterdon Health

System has undergone tremendous growth.
Including the opening of the

Hunterdon Regional Cancer Center, the opening of the Norman and Denise

Guilloud Cardiovascular Center, and the expansion of primary care and

health and wellness care systems across New Jersey.
During this time,

Hunterdon Health not only expanded its physical network, but also

increased its capacity to care by adopting and providing new and

innovative procedures to treat a wider range of issues.
Furthermore,

Hunterdon Health achieved impressive recognitions during the tenure of

Ms. Locker, including eight consecutive `Leapfrog A' Hospital

Safety Grades, four-time Magnet hospital designation, and its first 5-

Star award from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.
In 2020, Ms. Locker championed the greatest governance reorganization

in the organization's history while simultaneously guiding the health

system through the unprecedented disruption caused by the COVID-19

pandemic.
The revised governance model reshaped the 41-member

representative body into a streamlined Board of 15 Trustees and

resulted in the elimination of redundancies, an increase in efficiency,

and a greater alignment with Hunterdon Health's mission and strategic

direction.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to Ms. Locker for her many

contributions to residents in the 7th District and across the state of

New Jersey.
Ms. Locker is an example of one of the many innovative

leaders which makes the 7th District strong, and I congratulate her on

a well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AMY J. MARKOWICH AS SHE RETIRES FROM NAVAIR

HON.
STENY H. HOYER

Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my friend Amy Markowich as

she retires as Executive Director for the Digital Analytics

Infrastructure and Technology Advancement (DAiTA) and Mission Systems

Groups, Naval Air Warfare Center Aircraft Division (NAWCAD) at the

Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR)--located at Naval Air Station

Patuxent River in my district.
For over 30 years, the United States

Navy and our community, state, and country have benefitted from her

sound leadership.
Our Congress owes her a tremendous debt of gratitude

for her service.
As Executive Director, Amy managed thousands of civilian and

contractor personnel across multiple installations.
She guided them in

their work developing and testing state-of-the-art naval aviation

systems.
Amy also successfully oversaw $1.3 billion in National Asset

laboratories, ensuring that these resources were used as effectively as

possible to advance new technologies vital to keeping our

servicemembers--and our Nation--safe.
Amy's tenure as Executive Director was just the latest chapter in a

career defined by service and success.
Appointed to the Senior

Executive Service in 2009, Amy also served as the Department of Navy

(DON) Naval High Performance Computing (HPC) Principal, Deputy DON Test

& Evaluation (T&E) Executive, the DON Modeling & Simulation (M&S)

Executive, and a number of other important positions.
From spearheading development of the Air Combat Environment Test and

Evaluation Facility, including the large anechoic chamber, and the

Joint Simulation Environment to helping establish test configurations

for various key aircraft, she has made numerous technical

contributions.
These cutting-edge systems continue to help prepare our

men and women in uniform to face down challenges in the field.
Crucially, no matter the post or project, Amy fostered a spin of

innovation and culture of collaboration that will long endure.
Amy's work has also extended to representing the United States in

many capacities at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and

other international organizations.
Amy's leadership in both domestic

and international situations often placed her as a top leader and often

as the only woman in key technical roles where she established herself

as a respected authority.
I've been proud to work with Amy to ensure that Congress provides the

hardworking team at Naval Air Station Patuxent River with the resources

it needs to conduct this essential work.