Title: CELEBRATING GINNY WHALEN'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
56

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING GINNY WHALEN'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in

congratulating Mrs. Mary Jane Berghoff Whalen, a resident of my

Congressional District in Kettering, Ohio, who will celebrate her 100th

birthday on June 1, 2024.
Ginny was an only child, born and raised on a farm in Fort Wayne,

Indiana.
She was homeschooled through eighth grade, before graduating

from Central Catholic High School in Fort Wayne, and attended Rollins

College in Winter Park, Florida.
Ginny met a native Daytonian, Herbert E. Whalen, Jr., and they were

married on June 29, 1946.
They established a home in Kettering, and

raised four children.
She is currently the proud grandmother of nine

grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
During their sixty years of

marriage, Ginny and Herb served as role models and civic leaders in

their community.
As dedicated parishioners of St. Albert the Great Catholic Church in

Kettering, Ginny and Herb worked together to renovate and expand their

spiritual home.
They served on the committee that enlarged the church

from a one-room building in the 1940s, to the thriving community that

currently serves over two thousand families.
Ginny has remained a

faithful member of the church for over 70 years.
In the 1970s and 80s, Ginny and her husband worked diligently to save

the Oregon District, one of Dayton's oldest historic neighborhoods,

from demolition.
She worked with the city to facilitate the renovation

of two houses and four apartments, and continues to support the

historic preservation efforts of the Oregon Historic District Society.
From an early age, Ginny adopted the motto: ``To give back to

others.''
The generous amounts of time and energy she has contributed

to a variety of volunteer and civic organizations serve as an example

for all of us.
Ginny remained active and involved in her community throughout her

nineties, and has indulged in a variety of hobbies and personal

interests that include: reading, playing the drums (which she still

loves to do), harmonica, tennis, horseback riding, and participating in

her local theater group ``Hamlets.''
I am proud to join Ginny's family and friends in celebrating her long

and extraordinary life.
I wish her a very happy birthday, and in the

years to come may God bless her with continued good health and

happiness.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF ALLEN Q. JONES

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and

legacy of Allen Q. Jones, who celebrates his 100th birthday on April

11, 2024.
Allen was born in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, and attended Uniontown

High School during the early years of World War II, receiving a draft

notice shortly before graduation.
In 1943, Allen departed for training

with the U.S. Army's 717th Tank Battalion.
The following year brought

him through Forts Chaffee, Knox, and Meade before leaving for Europe

aboard the S.S. Cristobal on Christmas Eve, 1944.
Corporal Allen Jones

and the 717th Tank Battalion crossed the River Rhine in the spring of

1945 and remained in Germany until the end of the war.
Once he returned

to the United States, he attended Waynesburg College and joined the

Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Post 21 in Connellsville, Pennsylvania.
Allen stayed active in the VFW for over 70 years, winning leadership

elections at the local and national levels.
He began his tenure as

Fayette County Commander but soon rose to the rank of District 23

Commander.
Allen's peers elected him Pennsylvania State Commander in

1986, where his work ethic earned national acclaim.
He served on the

VFW National Home's Board of Trustees for two years before winning the

Board President election in 1995.