During her more than 20 years

of union leadership, Monica has made a lasting impact throughout her

career on behalf of working people and the Labor Movement.
Additionally, Monica helped found the Latino Labor Lobbyists group, the

IAM's Spanish Leadership Program, and served as Co-Chair of the Women

of Labor organization, in which capacity I had the great fortune of

working alongside her.
Monica started her career with IAM in 1986 as a Customer Service

Agent at Northwest Airlines in Los Angeles, where she was initiated

into IAM Local 2785.
She quickly rose as a leader in organizing with

her Labor brothers and sisters, and in 1999 became the IAM

Transportation Department's Education Representative.
In this role, she

initiated and won several organizing campaigns representing airline and

railroad workers.
She then joined as IAM Assistant Political and

Legislative Director before becoming the Chief of Staff to the

International President.
Monica has dedicated decades of her work to expanding the reach and

inclusion of the Labor Movement.
Fluent in Spanish, Monica was among

the founding members of the IAM's Spanish Leadership Working Group, and

was crucial in developing materials and resources for IAM in Spanish.
As Co-Chair of the Women of Labor organization, she helped lift and

encourage women in the Labor Movement.
Finally, she was a member of the

Executive Committee of IndustriALL Global Union, representing over 50

million workers in 140 countries.
Throughout it all, Monica has been an unwavering voice for working

families.
It has been my great pleasure to work closely with her on

many projects and priorities over the years, and I know I speak for

many when I say that she has been a tremendous asset to the Labor

Movement.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in this well-deserved tribute to Monica.
I wish her and her family all the best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RALPH WHITE

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the life of Ralph

White.
Born on October 25, 1931, to parents Ralph and Victoria White, Ralph

was raised in East Boston and Westwood, Massachusetts.
After graduating

from Boston Trade High School in 1950, Ralph joined the U.S. Marine

Corps and bravely served our country.
While serving in Korea with the

First Marine Division as a rifleman, Ralph was wounded in action

defending his post.
For his bravery, Ralph was awarded a Bronze Star

and the Purple Heart.
Once Ralph recovered, he returned to the U.S. and married the love of

his life, Geraldine ``Geri'' in Kingsland, Georgia, on November 4,

1952.
He first met Geri in high school after she moved down the street

from Ralph and his family in 1946.
Ralph was still enlisted when they

married and the couple spent their first few years of marriage living

along the East Coast on several military bases before settling in

Walpole, Massachusetts, in 1956.
Together in Walpole, Ralph and Geri raised their four children--

Susan, Nancy, Lori, and William--and Ralph quickly established himself

as a pillar of the community.
He was commander of the Thomas H. Crowley

American Legion Post 104, and as an avid baseball fan, Ralph coached

Post 104's baseball team for nearly six decades in addition to coaching

Walpole High School's baseball team for several years.
To celebrate

Ralph's contributions to the Walpole community, the town dedicated the

sport complex at Bird Middle School in his honor in 2015.
Following his service with the U.S. Marine Corps, Ralph began working

as a corrections officer at Boston's Charles Street Jail.
Ralph then

worked at the Walpole State Prison before becoming a state parole

officer.
After he was shot on the job and survived life-threatening

injuries, Ralph, along with several other retired state employees,

founded Mass Retirees in 1968, and Ralph served as the association's

president until 2013.