Amy's work has also extended to representing the United States in

many capacities at the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and

other international organizations.
Amy's leadership in both domestic

and international situations often placed her as a top leader and often

as the only woman in key technical roles where she established herself

as a respected authority.
I've been proud to work with Amy to ensure that Congress provides the

hardworking team at Naval Air Station Patuxent River with the resources

it needs to conduct this essential work.
She has been an excellent host

during my many visits to the base over the years, and I--like many

others--will be sad to see her go.
Her leadership in building

capabilities for the Department of Defense has always been forward-

looking and provided our Nation with the tools necessary to remain at

the forefront of development and testing of the most complex weapons

systems in the world.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that all my colleagues join me in thanking one of

the smartest, most dedicated people I know: Amy Markowich.
Although she

is stepping back as Executive Director, I know that her commitment to

serving her fellow Americans will never waver.
For that, she has the

gratitude of her Congress and her country.
I wish Amy and her husband

Brian well as they embark on the next chapter of their lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MICHAEL J. CIOFFI

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to commemorate the life of

my dear friend, Michael J. Cioffi, who passed away on March 23, 2024

after a courageous battle with cancer and other 9/11-related illnesses.
A resident of Ocean Township, Michael was born and raised in Long

Branch and served his hometown's fire department for 14 years before

serving with the New York City Fire Department (FDNY).
Although off-

duty on September 11, 2001, the day of the attack, Michael didn't

hesitate to rush into New York City to assist his fellow firefighters

and emergency personnel and spent the next several months meticulously

working through rubble at the site.
Despite the illnesses he endured as a result of his work at the World

Trade Center site, Michael continued to serve with the FDNY until 2020.
Michael was tough and determined, and his duty to serve was profound.
Michael demonstrated character and leadership throughout his life and

was deeply committed to each endeavor he undertook.
Michael is survived by his loving family, including his wife Sylvia

and six children, Michael Luciano, Sofia, Maryella, Christopher, Jack,

and Emma.
His dedication to his family was evident and I am blessed to

have had such a wonderful friend in Michael.
Michael should be remembered for his decades of service to Long

Branch and New York City as a firefighter, most notably his selfless

actions following the September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center,

which contributed to his health battles.
I know I join with his family,

friends, and fellow firefighters in paying tribute to his memory and

the ultimate sacrifice he paid in service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MONICA SILBAS

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the distinguished career

for the International President of the International Association of

Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM).
During her more than 20 years

of union leadership, Monica has made a lasting impact throughout her

career on behalf of working people and the Labor Movement.
Additionally, Monica helped found the Latino Labor Lobbyists group, the

IAM's Spanish Leadership Program, and served as Co-Chair of the Women

of Labor organization, in which capacity I had the great fortune of

working alongside her.
Monica started her career with IAM in 1986 as a Customer Service

Agent at Northwest Airlines in Los Angeles, where she was initiated

into IAM Local 2785.