Together, they have three children: Deborah Hardin, Kerry Westbrooks,

and Lisa Stayrook.
Technical Sergeant Earl Westbrooks has lived an admirable life marked

by service, both to his community and his country.
On behalf of the

House of Representatives and as a fellow veteran, I commend him for his

service to our district, the state of Tennessee, and the United States

of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Paul Laurence Dunbar

Commemorative Coin Act, which would direct the Secretary of the

Treasury to mint and issue coins in honor of Paul Laurence Dunbar.
This

bill would recognize one of the first influential African American

poets in American literature and benefit the Dunbar Alumni Federation,

the alumni association for the Paul Laurence Dunbar Senior High School

in the District of Columbia, which is historic for being the first

public high school for African Americans in the United States.
I am a

proud graduate of Dunbar, a storied African American high school in our

country.
Paul Laurence Dunbar was born on June 27, 1872, to formerly enslaved

parents, and went on to pen such classics as Majors and Minors and

Lyrics of Lowly Life.
He also composed the lyrics to In Dahomey, the

first all-African American musical produced on Broadway.
By the late

1890s, Dunbar had become a prominent author, having had his poems

published in major national newspapers, including The New York Times.
Dunbar died on February 9, 1906, at age 33.
Paul Laurence Dunbar Senior High School was established in 1870 as

the Preparatory High School for Colored Youth.
It was the first college

preparatory high school for African American children in the United

States.
The school was renamed for Dunbar in 1916.
The Dunbar Alumni Federation was organized in 2002 to provide

scholarships and other financial support to students and graduates of

Paul Laurence Dunbar Senior High School.
The Federation has alumni from

more than 35 graduating classes, and supports the school through its

scholarship efforts, community activities and other endeavors.
This bill would authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to mint

50,000 five-dollar coins, 400,000 one-dollar coins and 750,000 half-

dollar coins, with a surcharge on each coin.
The surcharges would

benefit the scholarships and similar activities of the Dunbar Alumni

Federation.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROSS K. BAKER

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Ross K. Baker

on his retirement from Rutgers University.
Professor Baker dedicated

over 50 years to Rutgers University and his many achievements and

contributions should be celebrated.
A Distinguished Professor of Political Science at Rutgers University

School of Arts and Sciences, Professor Baker was honored in 2021 with

the Chancellor's Award for Excellence in Teaching, which recognizes

faculty members whose contributions have been significantly impactful.
I had the distinct pleasure of speaking with Professor Baker's classes

numerous times and it was evident that his students valued and

internalized his teachings.
Specializing in American Government and U.S. Legislative Politics,

Professor Baker brought a wealth of knowledge and experience to the

classroom.
Throughout his tenure, he also served as a Visiting

Professor at Haverford College and the University of Leipzig (Germany),

as well as a Fulbright Lecturer at the Swedish Institute of

International Relations in Stockholm.
In addition to his academic

background, Professor Baker worked for the offices of Senator Walter

Mondale, Birch Bayh, Franch Church, Chuck Hagel, Patrick Leahy, and

Harry Reid.
He also served as a consultant to the Democratic Caucus of

the U.S. House of Representatives.
Likewise, he has published many

books and articles and has contributed to USA Today and several NPR

programs.