He began his tenure as

Fayette County Commander but soon rose to the rank of District 23

Commander.
Allen's peers elected him Pennsylvania State Commander in

1986, where his work ethic earned national acclaim.
He served on the

VFW National Home's Board of Trustees for two years before winning the

Board President election in 1995.
Allen gained further distinction at

the 1999 VFW National Convention when the delegates appointed him to

the National Council of Administration.
His leadership tenure ended in

2016 after a one-year commission as National Chief of Staff.
Allen's call to service inspired him to become an active member of

the Connellsville Area School District community throughout his adult

life.
He taught science and special education for 30 years and served

as president of the Connellsville Area Education Association after

retiring from teaching in 1984.
Allen also coached multiple sports

teams at Connellsville Junior High School.
He led the Connellsville

Junior High East boys basketball team through an undefeated season in

1970, cumulating in winning the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic

Athletic League Junior Championship.
He also won a league championship

in 1984 while coaching the Connellsville Junior High girls basketball

team.
The Connellsville School Falcon Foundation recognized Allen's

years of commitment to student-athletes by inducting him into their

Hall of Fame in 2016.
Allen married Nancy Carol Dayton in 1950 and shared 70 happy years of

marriage before her passing in 2021.
The couple raised two children

together: Marcia Knight and Charles ``Chuckie'' Jones.
Over the years,

their family grew to include two granddaughters and one great-

granddaughter.
Allen's selfless service left a mark on southwestern Pennsylvania and

made his community a better place.
Few people share his remarkable

ability to connect with and mentor young students.
His story is the

epitome of a life well-lived.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I wish Allen Q. Jones a happy 100th birthday

surrounded by friends and family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SPRINGFIELD NATIVE BRAD BOOKER ON WINNING AN OSCAR

HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Springfield

native Brad Booker on the incredible achievement of winning an Oscar

for his short film ``War is Over''.
This incredible achievement is even

more impressive given that Brad was a first time Academy Award nominee.
Booker started his journey towards this incredible achievement in

Springfield where he attended Glenwood High School and later Lincoln

Land Community College.
Prior to his work on this short film, he worked

as an animator at Warner Brothers Studios on films such as Iron Giant,

Stuart Little, Spider Man, and Lord of the Rings.
I am honored to congratulate Brad, who still lives with his family in

Chatham, on this incredible achievement.
His dedication serves as

inspiration to me and all of those who call the Springfield region

home.
Congratulations to him, his family, and his colleagues on this

remarkable achievement.
I am looking forward to his next project.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ELLEN LOCKER

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

Ellen Locker on her retirement and honor her 26 years of service as a

member of the Hunterdon Health System Board of Trustees.
Under the exemplary leadership of Ms. Locker, the Hunterdon Health

System has undergone tremendous growth.
Including the opening of the

Hunterdon Regional Cancer Center, the opening of the Norman and Denise

Guilloud Cardiovascular Center, and the expansion of primary care and

health and wellness care systems across New Jersey.
During this time,

Hunterdon Health not only expanded its physical network, but also

increased its capacity to care by adopting and providing new and

innovative procedures to treat a wider range of issues.