I want to thank each and every one of

them for their hard work--often under very difficult conditions--to

give back.
Every win that I have been lucky enough to achieve is theirs

too.
As a thank you, I would like to submit their names for the record

so that they can be properly recognized for the imprint they've made on

this district.
My current team: Elizabeth Antonowicz, Marshall Burkhardt, Thomas

Carnes, Amanda Carte, Anna Connole, Anthony DeAngelo, Kristen Foca, Ben

Giovine, Danielle Giulino, Gabriela Hartney, Julianna Heck, Jason

Ingle, Catherine Melman-Kenny, Hafiza Kazi, Amy Oliver, Amy Pfeiffer,

Nikitha Rai, Forrest Rilling, Jerome Townsend, Lynette Whiteman.
Previous staff: Riham Amin, Sharon Anderson, Hillary Caron, Anna

Conn, Gianna Djuric, Sophie Friedfeld-Gebaide, Sean Gregory, Sarah

Izaak, Benjamin Kamens, Matthew Knowlton, Yujin Lee, Benjamin Olarsch,

Susan Pansius, Antoinette Miles, Nathan Riggins, Cecily Scott Martin,

Thomas Smith, Tyrus Stokes-Ballard, Virginia Walkey, Maura Weaver.
As I look ahead at my new role getting to serve my state, I do so

with excitement and humility.
I look forward to get to serve my

community again--this time in the United States Senate--but always

remembering the work done, the conversations had, and words that will

forever echo from my parents, that service isn't a job, it's truly a

way of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, on December 5, 2024, I was not recorded on

Roll Call Nos.
484, 485, 486, 487, 488, 489, 490 and 491.
Had I been

present, I would have voted ``YEA'' on Roll Call Nos.
484, 485, 486,

487 and 488 and voted ``NAY'' on Roll Call Nos.
489, 490 and 491.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING POLICY ADVISOR AND SENIOR CONSTITUENT ADVOCATE, MEG

MONTGOMERY, FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Policy Advisor

and Senior Constituent Advocate, Meg Montgomery, for her work on behalf

of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I

could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Meg Montgomery was raised in Minnesota's Third Congressional

District.
After graduating from Robbinsdale Armstrong High School, she

moved to North Carolina to attend Duke University where she obtained

both a degree in Biology and the ability to be completely insufferable

during March Madness.
Meg spent a decade to New York, NY where she

completed her Masters in Public Health and worked in a variety of

health systems administration roles.
Eventually she returned to

Minnesota and began working for me in March of 2019, where she has

covered both outreach and legislative activities in a variety of issue

areas including healthcare, environment, energy, agriculture, aging,

and education.
The only things Meg loves more than health policy are

her husband Dan and three children Rory, Montgomery (Monty), and

Frances Miller.
As hilarious as she is brilliant, Meg always has a meme at the ready

for any, and all situations.
Her quiet wit and good questions always

leave an impact on those around her.
She provides invaluable advice on

any situation and has the best style around.
Meg is incredibly humble

but should be so proud of her work in my office.
She has helped me

introduce several bills including: The ADINA Act requiring the same

labeling standards for drugs as those that already exist for food; The

School Access to Naloxone Act which would provide funding for and

training on opioid reversal agents in schools; and The Expanding Health

Care Options for First Responders Act which would create a Medicare

buy-in program for first responders for the years between retirement

and Medicare eligibility.
Meg has an extraordinary talent of turning a compelling constituent

story into impactful legislation that will improve lives.