LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and give

thanks to Charles M. Hale, Jr. for his longstanding service to his

community as a first responder.
It takes incredible courage to be a firefighter, and Charles M. Hale,

Jr. of Hanover exemplifies this trait unequivocally.
Mr. Hale recently

retired from Hanover Area Fire and Rescue after 34 years of service.
In

that time, Mr. Hale has received numerous awards and citations for his

actions in the line of duty.
In 1992, Firefighter Hale was involved in

the rescue of multiple civilians from an apartment fire.
For his

actions, Mr. Hale was awarded the Medal of Valor, the highest award in

the country for public safety officers.
In 2012, Mr Hale was awarded

the Medal of Merit for his actions on a vehicle accident and

entrapment.
With more than 50 years of experience with fire and EMS service, Mr.

Hale was a key asset to the Hanover Area Fire and Rescue.
Not only was

his experience vital, but his mentorship to all the other firefighters

was crucial in making the Hanover Fire Department what it is today.
For

more than three decades Charles M. Hale, Jr. represented his community

with bravery and courage.
It is heroes like Mr. Hale that remind us of

what it means to truly be a servant to your community.
It is with great

pride that I congratulate Mr. Hale on his retirement, and I sincerely

thank him for his service to the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TWIN CITIES PBS' ``ALMANAC'' ON ITS 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 40th

anniversary of ``Almanac'', the iconic Twin Cities PBS television show

and the longest-running primetime TV program in Minnesota history.
On

December 7, 1984, Almanac broadcast its first episode, beaming in-depth

coverage of state and federal public affairs into Minnesotans' homes.
Forty years later, the program continues to inform audiences every

Friday evening about the latest developments in politics, government,

history, culture, sports, and more.
Today, program hosts Eric Eskola and Cathy Wurzer are joined by

reporters Mary Lahammer and Kaomi Lee, in addition to local

personalities Kevin Kling, Sheletta Brundidge, Tane Danger, Paul

Douglas, Larry Fitzgerald, Sr.,
and others.
Under the guidance of

producer Kari Kennedy and a variety of expert guests and public

figures, this team uses their deep knowledge of our state to provide

analysis, entertain, and inform viewers about the issues shaping

Minnesotans' lives.
Throughout its 40 years, Almanac has played a special role in

Minnesota politics as a source of in-depth reporting, thoughtful

analysis, and even music and humor.
This Friday night TV staple has

enhanced our state by fostering respectful discussion across party

lines and informing viewers in every corner of Minnesota.
Mr. Speaker,

please join me in celebrating the 40th Anniversary of Almanac, a

trusted and reliable pillar of journalism in Minnesota, broadcast on

Twin Cities Public Television and livestreamed via the PBS App every

Friday night at 7:00 p.m. Central.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONOR OF SERVING THE THIRD DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY IN THE U.S. HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today one final time in

this sacred chamber to thank my neighbors in the Third District of New

Jersey for the honor of getting to represent them in Congress over

these past six years.
It is an honor that I never thought I would have.
This was the

district my parents chose to create a life and build a family.
This was

the district that raised me.
I went to public schools in the same area

I represent now.
I played little league on the same fields I drive by

heading to meet constituents.
It's these places--and these people--that

shaped me.
I am forever grateful for that.