to a preventable medical error.
This event inspired her

to found ATW, and to name it in his memory.
His impact is still being

felt through his daughter's work to this day.
Dr. Washington has served as a board member for the National Quality

Forum, National Association of Health Services Executives (NAHSE),

MedStar System Patient and Family Council for Quality and Safety, and

the Franciscan Health Missions and HR Committee.
Through her service

she has continued to advocate for equitable health solutions and work

with key stakeholders to achieve these goals.
Over the last 10 years, ATW has earned national praise for

transforming healthcare delivery systems as a small, minority owned

business.
As unjust disparities persist in the healthcare industry, small

businesses like ATW continue to strive for a better future for all

Americans, no matter their background.
Over the next 10 years the incredible staff at ATW will continue

their vital work to deliver healthcare systems and treatments

throughout the industry in a more efficient and equitable manner.
As

their Congressman, I cannot wait to see what their future holds.
The incredible research team on staff have brought previously unheard

voices in healthcare to the forefront of the conversation so that

healthcare outcomes continue to become more equitable.
Today, we

celebrate their 10th anniversary with them and wish them another 10

years of similar success and achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING GENERAL DONAHUE ON HIS PROMOTION TO FOUR-STAR GENERAL

AND THANK HIM FOR HIS YEARS OF SERVICE TO THIS COUNTRY

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of General

Chris Donahue and congratulate him on his promotion to four-star

General as he relinquishes his long and distinguished command of the

XVIII Airborne Corps and Fort Liberty.
A proud West Point graduate, General Donahue has dedicated his life

to serving this country.
Starting off as a Ranger, General Donahue has

deployed over 20 times throughout his career.
His deployments took him

to active combat zones including in Iraq, Afghanistan, and Syria.
General Donahue has served in numerous leadership positions including

Director of Operations for Joint Special Operations Command, the

Commandant at the Infantry School in Ft.
Benning, and most recently as

Commanding General of the XVIII Airborne Corps and Fort Liberty.
During

his time at Fort Liberty General Donahue embodied his motto of

``leaders jump first and eat last'' as he always put the service

members under his command first.
General Donahue instituted the Sunset

Liberty March, designed to honor veterans, active-duty service members

and Gold Star Families.
This incredible initiative brings together

members of the community, veteran groups and active-duty service

members to remember and commemorate those who have given their lives in

defense of this country, as well as their family members.
I am so proud

to have worked with this great American and am excited to see him

succeed throughout the rest of his honorable career.
Because of his vast leadership experience, and clear dedication to

his country, I can think of no one better to be promoted to four-star

General.
While Ft.
Liberty is sure to miss General Donahue's

leadership, we look forward to his continued service to our great

Nation as a four-star General.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating General Chris

Donahue on his promotion to four-star General and I thank him for his

years of uniformed service to the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHARLES M. HALE, JR.
'S SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and give

thanks to Charles M. Hale, Jr. for his longstanding service to his

community as a first responder.
It takes incredible courage to be a firefighter, and Charles M. Hale,

Jr. of Hanover exemplifies this trait unequivocally.