Title: CELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF THE ANAHEIM TREE LIGHTING FESTIVAL; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
181

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF THE ANAHEIM TREE LIGHTING FESTIVAL

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 30th Annual

Anaheim Tree Lighting Festival, which will bring our community together

this Sunday, December 8, 2024.
The festival rings in the holidays with

a very special tree-lighting celebration on the steps of Anaheim City

Hall in Downtown Anaheim.
For the past 30 years, the Annual Anaheim Tree Lighting Festival has

provided holiday fun to everyone in our community--and it is one of my

hometown's favorite annual celebrations.
The City of Anaheim worked together with many community partners to

create this event, including Children Dental Fun Zone, Credit Union of

Southern California, Home Comfort USA, Knorr, Land Care, Taqueritos,

The Frida Cinema, Zambos, and the Orange County District Attorney's

Office.
This year, the Anaheim Tree Lighting Festival includes

entertainment and food, a Holiday Village, the Candy Canine Costume

Contest, a visit with Santa & Mrs. Claus, a brief performance of The

Nutcracker by the Anaheim Ballet Company, and the Tree Lighting

Ceremony in front of City Hall.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Anaheim Tree

Lighting Festival, which for 30 years has brought joy and festive

spirits to help greet the holiday season.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DR.
ANGELIKA SCHROEDER'S STORIED CAREER AND SERVICE TO

IMPROVING EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR STUDENTS

HON.
JOE NEGUSE

Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, today I wish to honor and thank Dr. Angelika

Schroeder for her storied career and dedication to serving communities

across Colorado, for her commitment to improving educational

opportunities for our students, for her advocacy on behalf of our

schools, and for her mentorship and friendship throughout the years.
Dr. Schroeder is a lifelong public servant, dedicating more than 30

years to Colorado's education system.
She attended the University of

Colorado, Boulder, where she earned a bachelor's degree in mathematics,

a master's degree in business administration, and a doctorate in

accounting.
Dr. Schroeder then shared her expertise with students as a

tax CPA and college professor of accounting.
From there, her passion

for education led her to become involved in her daughters' schools at

the local, district, state, and national levels.
In 1995, Governor Roy Romer appointed Dr. Schroeder to an advisory

board of the State Board of Education.
In 1999, she became a member of

the Boulder Valley School Board, where she served as treasurer and vice

president.
In January 2009, Dr. Schroeder was appointed to the State

Board of Education to fill a vacancy and was later elected to the board

in November 2010.
She has since been re-elected twice and will complete

her final term in January 2025.
Throughout her career, Dr. Schroeder has also served on the boards

and executive committees of the Colorado Association of School Boards

(CASB), the Alliance for Quality Teaching, and the Public Education and

Business Coalition.
She has participated in the National School Boards

Association Federal Relations Network, where she worked with members of

Colorado's congressional delegation, including myself, to push for

policies that strengthen our education system and make progress on

critical issues--supporting bills like the No Child Left Behind Act and

Individuals with Disabilities Education Act.
In sum, Dr. Schroeder has had a tremendous impact on the people of

Colorado, consistently upholding her commitment to enhancing our

state's education system and ensuring

that we serve our students to the best of our ability.
The impacts of

her actions will be felt for many years to come.
So, on behalf of Colorado's 2nd Congressional District, I thank and

honor Dr Angelika Schroeder for her invaluable contributions to paving

a better future for our state, country, and the upcoming generations.