Meg is incredibly humble

but should be so proud of her work in my office.
She has helped me

introduce several bills including: The ADINA Act requiring the same

labeling standards for drugs as those that already exist for food; The

School Access to Naloxone Act which would provide funding for and

training on opioid reversal agents in schools; and The Expanding Health

Care Options for First Responders Act which would create a Medicare

buy-in program for first responders for the years between retirement

and Medicare eligibility.
Meg has an extraordinary talent of turning a compelling constituent

story into impactful legislation that will improve lives.
She has

created a unique role for herself serving as a policy and outreach

staffer from the district office, which allows her the opportunity to

leverage deep stakeholder relationships in older to inform the

Congressman's legislative initiatives.
Learning the legislative process

while in the DC office is one thing, handling from the district is

another matter.
Meg is a bridge builder across various constituent

groups to gather perspectives and gain valuable knowledge.
She

routinely guides me and our team through complex policy issues to make

informed decisions.
She is an excellent representative of me in the

community and a trusted and high-performing team member.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congiessional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I

wish Meg all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for over

five years of faithful set vice to this Nation in my office.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING TECHNICAL SERGEANT LACEY McCUEAN

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize Technical Sergeant

(TSgt) Lacey McCuean on her retirement from the United States Air

Force.
TSgt McCuean enlisted into the Air National Guard on March 15, 2023,

with the 171st Air Refueling Wing with a Personnel AFSC.
She quickly

distinguished herself through exceptional dedication and service,

taking it upon herself to initiate and revamp ten Squadron file plans

and earning an outstanding score during staff-assisted visits.
TSgt

McCuean completed 30 promotion packages--no mean feat, and true

commitment to developing her peers.
Then transitioning to the 193rd Special Operations Wing, TSgt McCuean

played a pivotal role in enhancing mission readiness by enlisting 55

new Airmen, briefing over 1,000 individuals on Air National Guard

opportunities, and mentoring future leaders through the Junior Reserve

Officer Training Corps.
She was a key figure during Operation Allies

Welcome, serving in a senior leadership role, and streamlining in-

processing operations that reduced reception time by 25 percent for

three lodging compounds for over 16,500 refugees, and chaired the

Commander's support staff for a 200-member squadron.
In addition to exemplary service, TSgt McCuean volunteered at local

food banks aiding over 1,000 at-risk families, while balancing her

academics, maintaining a 3.5 GPA, and earning a dual Bachelor's degree

in business and non-profit leadership.
TSgt McCuean is known by her

peers for her remarkable energy, demeanor, confidence, leadership

skills, and contagious morale.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and privileged to congratulate Technical

Sergeant Lacey McCuean on her well-earned retirement.
Her tireless and

faithful service to our Commonwealth and Nation sets the standard by

which we all should be judged.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CHAMBERS HILL FIRE COMPANY

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and privileged to recognize the

Chambers Hill Fire Company on its 70th Anniversary.
The Chambers Hill Fire Company in Swatara Township, Dauphin County,

was founded in 1954.
Its charter, espousing that the ``terms of its

existence is perpetual,'' speaks clearly and loudly with regard to its

tireless commitment to service.
The Company initially bought a 1923

Hahn pumper from Goodwill Fire Company of Enhaut, and a 1942 Mercury

ambulance from Steelton to provide the best possible fire protection

and emergency medical services to Township residents.