The Chambers Hill Fire Company in Swatara Township, Dauphin County,

was founded in 1954.
Its charter, espousing that the ``terms of its

existence is perpetual,'' speaks clearly and loudly with regard to its

tireless commitment to service.
The Company initially bought a 1923

Hahn pumper from Goodwill Fire Company of Enhaut, and a 1942 Mercury

ambulance from Steelton to provide the best possible fire protection

and emergency medical services to Township residents.
The Company's

founding members then built a station on Chambers Hill Road, which the

Company has occupied ever since, over time expanding and modernizing

the historic building.
From its humble beginnings, the Chambers Hill Fire Company has earned

the American Red Cross award for ``Top Shelter in Dauphin County,'' and

the Pennsylvania Department of State Keystone Democracy Award for ``5th

Precinct of 9,000'' for being an excellent voting site.
In addition to

myriad awards and recognitions, the Company performs numerous and

varied community services, including--but not limited to--the Bethesda

Mission Women's Shelter, Chambers Hill United Methodist Church,

Princess Club for disadvantaged girls, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, Paxton

Street Home, and the Hershey Medical Center.
The Chambers Hill Fire Company is run by volunteers who selflessly

give of their personal time, energy, and treasure while risking their

personal safety for the community they love; a long-lasting tradition

in America and one that the Company intends to continue.
The Company

honors the legacy of many exceptional members they've lost over the

years, to include, but not limited to: former Fire Chief Bill Metka;

Jiggs Landvater; Earl Caton; former Treasurer Harry ``Bo'' Speelman;

former Steward Rick Moyer; and longtime Firefighter, Emergency Medical

Technician, and Chief Jack Wolfersberger.
Saving lives and performing

countless hours of unpaid service, their mantra that ``Nothing is as

strong as the heart of a Volunteer'' is heard strongly and loudly.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored and privileged to recognize the Chambers

Hill Fire Company on the auspicious occasion of their 70th Anniversary.
On behalf of a grateful 10th District of Pennsylvania, the Commonwealth

of Pennsylvania, and the United States of America, their service sets

the standard by which we all should be judged.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO ANGIE GIANCARLO

HON.
KAY GRANGER

Ms. GRANGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Angie Giancarlo,

a valued staff member of the House Committee on Appropriations, who has

25 years of experience working in the federal government.
Her

commitment to our country exemplifies the hard work and commitment of

an esteemed public servant.
Angie began her government career in 1999 when she joined the U.S.

Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works as a Staff Assistant.
She was eventually promoted to Professional Staff Member.
During her

time on the Committee, she had a major hand in securing key

legislation, such as the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 and

the Safe Accountable Flexible Transportation Equity Act--A Legacy for

Users.
In 2011, Angie took her twelve years of policy expertise to the House

Committee on Appropriations, specifically the Subcommittee on Energy

and Water Development and Related Agencies, where she would oversee

accounts pertaining to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers civil works

program, U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, and Department of Energy's power

marketing administrations and petroleum reserves programs.
In September of 2017, Angie became Majority Clerk and Staff Director

for the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee.
Her achievements during that Congress include the enactment of the

Energy and Water Development Appropriations Acts for Fiscal Year 2018

and Fiscal Year 2019.
When the House Majority switched hands in 2019, Angie continued to

serve as Minority Clerk during the 116th and 117th Congress.
In the

Minority, Angie fought and secured many conservative priorities in the

final full-year bills.
Her extensive experience earned her the position of Majority Clerk

and Staff Director of the Subcommittee at the beginning of the 118th

Congress.