When the House Majority switched hands in 2019, Angie continued to

serve as Minority Clerk during the 116th and 117th Congress.
In the

Minority, Angie fought and secured many conservative priorities in the

final full-year bills.
Her extensive experience earned her the position of Majority Clerk

and Staff Director of the Subcommittee at the beginning of the 118th

Congress.
In times of divided government, her ability to negotiate

resulted in significant wins.
Her efforts to find common ground also

led to the completion of the Energy and Water Development

Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2024.
It is my distinct honor to recognize Angie's significant

contributions to the federal government and our Committee as she

transitions from her role in Congress to her next endeavor.
Her

tireless commitment, characterized by countless early mornings and late

nights, has been invaluable to our country.
Her expertise and knowledge

on energy and water issues will be greatly missed.
I wish Angie the

best in the adventures to come, and I thank her for her dedicated

service to the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO REV.
DR.
TIMOTHY J. BOWMAN

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to and honor

the life and legacy of a good friend, Rev. Dr. Timothy J. Bowman.
Dr.

Bowman, a retired United Methodist minister who resided in Columbia,

South Carolina, was a native of Sumter, South Carolina.
He was the son

of the late Thomie Elizabeth and Jake Bowman.
Dr. Bowman earned an Associate of Arts degree from Sumter Area

Technical College and both Associate of Arts and Bachelor of Arts

degrees from the University of South Carolina.
He also received a

Master of Divinity degree from Gammon Theological Seminary (ITC) in

Atlanta, Georgia, and a Doctor of Ministry degree from Columbia

Theological Seminary in Decatur, Georgia.
An ordained United Methodist minister, Dr. Bowman was actively

involved in both church and community initiatives.
He previously served

as Vice Chairperson of the Dorchester County Community Action Agency

Board of Directors and was a member of the Dorchester County Head Start

Policy Council and the South Carolina Head Start Association.
Additionally, he served on the Jenkins Orphanage Board of Trustees in

Charleston, South Carolina, the Medical Ministry Board of Directors,

and the Charleston Mayor's Advisory Committee.
During his tenure at Old

Bethel UMC, Dr. Bowman developed the Old Bethel UMC Outreach Youth

Alternative Program in downtown Charleston, South Carolina.
Dr. Bowman served as a member of the South Carolina Conference UMC

Board of Ministry, the Walterboro District UMC Board of Ministry, and

the Walterboro District Committee on District Superintendent.
He also

served on the Board of Trustees for Gammon Theological Seminary and was

a member of its Founders Day Committee.
A lifelong advocate for social

justice, he was an active member of the NAACP.
A proud member of the Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc., Dr. Bowman was

also active in Free and Accepted Masonry.
He achieved the 32nd degree

and held numerous positions of distinction, including Master, Royal

Arch, Knights Templar, Consistory, Eastern Star, and Shriners.
He was

also active with the Lincoln High School Preservation Alumni

Association (LHSPAA).
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Bowman served as a Marine Corps Corporal and was

wounded in combat during his service in Vietnam, earning him the Purple

Heart.
He was married to Mrs. Yvonne Davis Bowman, and they were

blessed with four daughters: Chenoa Franklin (deceased), Dr. Pamela

Bowman, Shenelle Bowman, and Jacobi Bowman.
He was also a devoted

grandfather to two grandchildren, Seth Franklin and Sydney Bloome.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE SYLVAMO EASTOVER PAPER MILL

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a longstanding

employer in Eastover, South Carolina.