From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE SYLVAMO EASTOVER PAPER MILL

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a longstanding

employer in Eastover, South Carolina.
The Sylvamo Eastover Mill is

celebrating 40 years of operation, and I join them in marking this

significant occasion.
Sylvamo operates some of the most technologically advanced paper

mills in the world and is driven by the promise of paper to educate,

communicate, and entertain.
The Eastover Mill is the largest, lowest-

cost producer of uncoated freesheet paper in North America and the

fourth-largest manufacturing employer in Richland County, South

Carolina.
Iconic paper brands like Hammermill, HP, and Williamsburg are

all produced at the Eastover Mill, along with a variety of paper

products that are staples of American businesses and homes.
Sylvamo's Eastover Mill proudly employs 800 men and women and

supports over 5,000 additional jobs in related industries in

surrounding communities.
Additionally, through its Community Council,

the Mill has demonstrated a longterm commitment to listening to and

addressing community concerns.
Over the last few years, Sylvamo has provided several hundred

thousand dollars to local nonprofits like Transitions Homeless

Services, Harvest Hope Food Bank, and the local United Way.
Employees

participate in

community cleanup days, Reading Is Fundamental book giveaways with

local schools, the Lunch Buddies School Program, and holiday events

with the Eastover Senior Resources Group.
In honor of Eastover's 40th

anniversary, Sylvamo has also pledged an additional $40,000 donation to

local organizations, including Webber Elementary, Richland County

Library, Mother DeVeaux Adult Day Care, and Harvest Hope Food Bank.
The Eastover Mill and Sylvamo are also committed to the long-term

health of our forests and ecosystems.
They partner with Forest

Stewardship Council (FSC) and Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI)-

certified suppliers to ensure that the fiber used in their paper

products is harvested from responsibly managed forests in surrounding

areas.
The Mill also proudly produces over 90 percent of its energy in-

house from renewable, carbon-neutral biomass residuals.
As part of its 2030 Sustainability Goals, Sylvamo is committed to

increasing workforce diversity by achieving 30 percent women's

representation, 35 percent women in leadership, and 25 percent minority

representation in North American salaried positions alongside specific

regional targets.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in

congratulating Sylvamo's Eastover Mill on its 40th Anniversary.
The

Eastover Mill is a shining example of the future of American

manufacturing--producing the paper we rely on responsibly and

sustainably, supporting family-wage jobs, and contributing to the

Eastover and Richland County communities.
I wish Sylvamo continued

prosperity and success in the years to come.