In sum, Dr. Schroeder has had a tremendous impact on the people of

Colorado, consistently upholding her commitment to enhancing our

state's education system and ensuring

that we serve our students to the best of our ability.
The impacts of

her actions will be felt for many years to come.
So, on behalf of Colorado's 2nd Congressional District, I thank and

honor Dr Angelika Schroeder for her invaluable contributions to paving

a better future for our state, country, and the upcoming generations.
I Thank Angelika and wish her all the best in your future endeavors

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING STEVE GLAZER

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, along with my colleague Congressman Mark

DeSaulnier, I rise to recognize Senator Steven (Steve) Glazer of

California's 7th Senate District for his dedication to public service

to our shared constituency.
Steve was born in Sacramento, California, and earned his Bachelor of

Arts degree from San Diego State University.
His roles in leadership

started while he was a student when he served as president of the

associated student body and chair of the California State Student

Association.
In 1983, Steve began his career in public service as a press

secretary for then-Assemblyman Gray Davis.
Steve played a pivotal role

in raising awareness for missing children by championing the movement

to put their faces and stories on milk cartons, bus stops, and

billboards.
In 1989, Steve founded his own public relations, media, and political

consulting firm, Glazer & Associates.
Steve served as senior advisor to

Kathleen Brown's campaign for State Treasurer and Michael Woo's 1994

race for Secretary of State.
Steve also successfully campaigned for Proposition 46, which created

a trust fund to provide shelters for battered women, low-income senior

citizens, and unhoused communities.
An accomplished political strategist, Steve served on the City of

Orinda Parks and Recreation Commission from 1997 to 1999.
Steve was

later elected to the Orinda City Council in 2004, 2008, and 2012.
He

continued his service to the City of Orinda and was elected mayor in

2007 where he served until his election to the State Senate to 2015.
Some of his notable accomplishments during his tenure in the Senate

include authoring a truth-in-lending law requiring more transparency in

the lending process for small businesses and co-authoring a law banning

the sale of flavored tobacco in California.
Steve has remained steadfast to his principles and in his commitment

to improving the lives of those in his community.
With the utmost

respect for his service and with best wishes for his future endeavors,

we extend our deepest gratitude and congratulations to Mr. Glazer as he

enters this new chapter of his life.
We hope the conclusion of this

chapter allows him to spend more time with his wife, Melba, and his

daughters, Ariel and Alex.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 10TH ANNIVERSARY OF ATW HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

ATW Health Solutions on their 10th Anniversary of operation.
ATW

provides first class healthcare management and consulting services to

the residents of the 1st Congressional District and Chicagoland

communities.
Founded in 2014 by Dr. Knitasha Washington, DHA, MHA, FACHE, ATW

Health Solutions provides unparalleled service and innovation in the

healthcare industry.
Dr. Washington has over 30 years of experience in

the healthcare field that has allowed her to lead ATW to become one of

the top small businesses in our community.
In 2009, Dr. Washington tragically lost her father, Anthony T.

Washington, Sr.
to a preventable medical error.
This event inspired her

to found ATW, and to name it in his memory.
His impact is still being

felt through his daughter's work to this day.