I was very pleased to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss Saint Benedict, which will benefit from transformed buildings through the school rebuilding programme.
This Government have committed to continue and expand that programme to improve the school estate and give children the best start in life.
I know that my hon.
Friend is a real champion on these issues, and I would be very happy to discuss them further.
What steps she is taking to expand school-based nurseries.
What steps she is taking to expand school-based nurseries.
What steps she is taking to expand school-based nurseries.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of school-based nursery places.
School-based nurseries are a key part of delivering on our plan for change by making high-quality early years education more accessible and affordable, so that every child gets the best start in life.
At the spending review, we announced almost £370 million for school-based nurseries, on top of the £37 million already awarded to schools.
The Tories left a childcare pledge without a plan, but this Labour Government are delivering on promises made to families, saving working parents up to £7,500 a year.
The Government have announced £37 million for the first round of schools to expand nursery provision, supporting the roll-out of the extended 30 hours childcare offer in England, but the Public Childcare Now campaign points out that nearly two thirds of the funded schools are part of multi-academy trusts.
While we are fortunate not to have academies in Wales, concerns remain that this model encourages privatisation, reduces accessibility and undermines staff pay and conditions, contributing to greater educational fragmentation.
What assurances can the Minister offer that expanding entitlements without investing in public infrastructure will not exacerbate these issues?
I am delighted that so many academies are taking part in our school nursery programme.
Academies drive innovation across our system and are an important part of the system we have.
Of course, it was the last Labour Government who first brought about the academies programme to drive up performance in our schools and to make sure that all our children get a brilliant education.
Sadly, we know that after 14 years of the Tories, far too many children, including in our most disadvantaged communities, do not get the education they deserve.
That is why our schools White Paper later this year will make it a reality once and for all that they do.
Swallow Dell primary in Welwyn Garden City is a fantastic school.
I have had the privilege of meeting the leadership team, who are ambitious for every single child.
They have a state nursery as part of the school, but they are seeking to expand, and unfortunately their bid was rejected in the last round.
I am passionate and hopeful that this school might be able to benefit from the £370 million of additional funding, not least because one in three children attending Swallow Dell is eligible for free school meals.
My right hon.
Friend knows my constituency well, and she is welcome to visit.
I hope that she will agree to a meeting to talk about Swallow Dell’s bid for future funding.
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the workforce at Swallow Dell for everything they are doing to make sure our children get a brilliant start in life.
I am sorry that they were not successful in the first phase.
There was lots of demand, and that is why I am delighted that the spending review gave £370 million to ensure that we can make further progress towards our manifesto commitment.
I would be delighted to discuss it further with him.
The Conservatives let down working parents by not having a plan for their pledge.
I am proud of how this Labour Government have delivered to provide working families with 15 hours of Government-funded childcare and funding for new school-based nurseries, including at Keresley Newland primary academy in Bedworth, which I look forward to visiting in the autumn.
I hope that the Secretary of State will be able to join me.
Can she outline the role that school-based nurseries will play in ramping up to the 30 hours of Government-funded childcare this September, putting £7,500 back in the pockets of hard-working families across my constituency of North Warwickshire and Bedworth?
I will certainly do my best to visit Keresley Newland, and I am delighted that it is taking part in our school-based nurseries programme.
We are determined to make sure that every child gets the best start in life.
We know that the early years are crucial, and that is why we have set an ambitious target of making sure that a record number of children at the end of the early years foundation stage are ready for the next step on their journey through the school system.
The last Government made all kinds of promises to parents, but they did not fund them.
In fact, they left behind a huge black hole in the public finances.
[Interruption.]
The right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  should know that better than most, because she was in the Treasury.
I recently visited the excellent Matchborough first school in my Redditch constituency to meet headteacher Lynn Briers.
It was selected as one of the first schools in the country to receive substantial funding to transform unused classrooms into much-needed nursery spaces.
I saw at first hand the difference that that funding will make.
Can I therefore cheekily ask the Secretary of State to confirm when the next round of funding will be available, so that we can deliver even more of these excellent projects to support schools and families in Redditch?
It is because we know the benefits that primary-based nurseries can bring, often working with the private, voluntary and independent sector, that we are determined to move as fast as we can to deliver the next phase.
I look forward to discussing that further with my hon.
Friend.
I am delighted that families in Redditch and right across the country will benefit from the expansion of free school meals eligibility to all families in receipt of universal credit, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty and putting money back in the pockets of parents.
Does the Secretary of State monitor the number of private nursery closures?
If so, can she tell us how many have closed since the Budget?
Yes, we continue to keep that under review, especially ahead of the further expansion of childcare in September.
The figures will be published in the usual way, and we will make sure that we have the workforce there to deliver on the commitments that have been made.
I say to the hon.
Lady that in addition to almost doubling the early years pupil premium, we put in place a £75 million expansion grant to make sure that ahead of the further roll-out in September, all our early years settings can deliver the places that are needed.
In my constituency there are more than 130 active cases involving children with special educational needs, many of which involve education, health and care plans that were either denied or issued in such a poor state that they contained the wrong names and described the wrong conditions, and therefore offered completely inappropriate packages of support.
Given that Surrey county council has the highest number of tribunal cases against it every year—most of which are lost—may I ask whether the Secretary of State intends to reduce the rights associated with EHCPs, and whether she will do what so many parents ask me about and launch an immediate investigation into the council and its compliance with its legal obligation?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised a number of important questions.
I will certainly look into the issues relating to Surrey that we have discussed previously, and will then come back to him.
As for support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, he has made the case for reform very precisely.
The current system is simply not working, and the Government are determined to ensure that children get more timely early support and that we have a system that is based much more on need.
As part of the process leading to the schools White Paper that will come later in the year, I am engaging with parents, campaigners and others, and I would be more than happy to discuss the matter further with Liberal Democrat colleagues in order to understand their concerns.
This morning, in my constituency, I met the chief executive of the Early Years Alliance.
Its Laindon nursery is facing closure, not because of falling demand but because it is being hammered by the national insurance tax rises.
How can the Secretary of State talk about expanding provision when nursery after nursery, in my constituency and across the country, is being pushed over a cliff edge by this Labour Government?
I too recently met the chief executive of the Early Years Alliance, and I will always be open to discussing the challenges faced by the sector; but let me convey to the right hon.
Gentleman the points that I made to the chief executive.
We are investing £8 billion in early years education, as well as almost doubling the early years pupil premium and providing a £75 million expansion grant to support settings ahead of a further roll-out in September.
The right hon.
Gentleman and the Conservative party made a load of promises to parents at the time of the last general election, but they did not fund them, they did not ensure that the workforce would be there, and they left us with the black hole in the public finances that this Government are turning around.
In the last couple of months, I have been speaking to lots of nursery providers across my constituency about these issues, and the thing that comes up again and again is small business rate relief.
The Secretary of State’s Department has already replied saying that nurseries can claim the relief, but a nursery has to have fewer than 18 children to qualify, and the average number in my constituency is 75.
Those nurseries are not eligible, and the national insurance and consumables changes are crippling them, so they are now considering not taking on Government-funded children.
What should they do?
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , has been in touch with the hon.
Lady recently to discuss this matter further, and I personally will happily look further into the case that she has raised.
We are investing record sums in early years education and working with the sector to deliver the places that are needed.
That is a big challenge, because the last Tory Government did not leave behind a plan to deliver those places.
What steps she is taking to support children with special educational needs and disabilities who do not have an education, health and care plan.
Parents right across the country know that the Tories left behind a SEND system that was, in the words of the last Tory Education Secretary, “lose, lose, lose”.
Labour will restore parents’ confidence with a support-first approach, prioritising early intervention and inclusive support in mainstream schools to address needs before they escalate.
We will not be removing effective support, but we will also expand schools’ capacity to deliver consistent, high-quality provision to help children thrive, with timely and effective support.
In the last 11 months I have visited nearly all the schools in my constituency, and wherever I have gone I have asked whether people understand why the number of children with special educational needs has been going through the roof.
I have received various explanations, such as lockdown, diet, social media, drugs in pregnancy, parenting, increased awareness and over-medicalisation.
Is the Department doing any research on what is causing this phenomenon, so that we can treat the causes and not just the symptoms?
My Department, and the Department of Health and Social Care, are keen to understand some of the drivers identified by the hon.
Gentleman.
I know that he comes to this discussion in good faith, but some people, including Reform Members of Parliament, sometimes do not approach it in a responsible way.
I think we need to tread with a great deal of care when we approach and discuss this subject, not least because it is a welcome change in our society that we now better understand where children have additional needs.
The challenge, of course, is that the hon.
Gentleman’s party did not put in place the support that was required both to identify and to support children with special educational needs and disabilities.