The Secretary of State has recently met the parent carer forum to discuss these issues and will continue to do so.
We are committed to introducing more mental health support workers across the NHS and creating youth mental health hubs in all communities.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week’s spending review was about investing in Britain’s renewal and investing in excellence for every child, so that background will not determine what they can go on to achieve.
Through our settlement, we will continue to make high-quality early years education more accessible and affordable.
We will rebuild our crumbling schools estate, and we will improve outcomes for children with special educational needs and disabilities with our support-first approach.
We will also continue our overhaul of children’s social care, opening up training opportunities for young people to get great jobs in growing industries.
Crucially, we will lift 100,000 children out of poverty through an historic expansion of free school meals to cover all families in receipt of universal credit.
It will save parents nearly £500 per child per year.
That is the difference that a Labour Government makes.
I recently met young people from the West Yorkshire Youth Collective.
They told me that funding for work experience opportunities for those aged between 16 and 19 has reduced in recent years, particularly in science, technology, engineering and mathematics and the arts.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that young people, particularly those from low-income backgrounds, can access the opportunities that they need to succeed?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight this important area.
As she will know, our manifesto committed us to expanding work experience and careers guidance so that we can support young people into fulfilling jobs, create opportunities and drive growth.
Our wider skills reform will also create 120,000 training opportunities over the course of this Parliament.
If my hon.
Friend would like to share more details of the discussion she mentions, I would look carefully at them.