Child sexual abuse and exploitation are among the most abhorrent crimes imaginable, and we must all support every effort to deliver justice for victims and prevent these vile acts from happening again.
It is, of course, right that the Government follow the recommendations of Baroness Casey’s report, including a new national inquiry.
Survivors must be at the heart of this process.
Their voices, experiences and insights must shape both the inquiry and its outcomes, and I would welcome hearing more from the Home Secretary about how she intends to ensure survivors are heard, are respected, and—essentially—are allowed to build on their existing testimony without being asked to repeat themselves and relive their abuse again and again.
The seven-year inquiry into child sexual abuse, chaired by Professor Alexis Jay, delivered its final report in 2022, and the Government at the time delivered none of its recommendations, leaving survivors waiting for justice.
In her remarks, the Home Secretary mentioned two of Professor Jay’s recommendations being introduced through the Crime and Policing Bill: a mandatory reporting duty and aggravated offences for grooming offenders.
What does this new inquiry mean for the remaining recommendations of Professor Jay?
Will victims and survivors see all 20 recommendations implemented while the new inquiry is being carried out?
Any new inquiry must be more than symbolic; it must be robust, victim-centred and capable of driving real change.
A duty of candour would require public officials and authorities to co-operate fully with such an inquiry, so it continues to be disappointing that the Government have delayed bringing that provision forward.
I ask the Home Secretary plainly: what is stopping the Government from introducing a duty of candour via a Hillsborough law now?
Finally, now that Baroness Casey has completed her review, I welcome her appointment as chair of the independent commission into adult social care.
I trust that she will bring to that hugely important role the same determination to challenge injustice and to champion the voices of those too often left unheard.
The hon.
Member makes important points about the seriousness of this crime, and she is right, too, that we need to continue to implement the recommendations of the overarching inquiry into child abuse.
The Safeguarding Minister updated the House before Easter on those recommendations and the action we are taking forward on them.
I can tell the hon.
Lady that in the Home Office, measures are already well under way, and we will continue to do that.
It is important that we do not simply have recommendations sitting on shelves—things have to be implemented.
On the Hillsborough law, we are working at pace to get the details right and to bring it before the House.
The hon.
Lady will understand that it needs to meet the expectations of the Hillsborough families, as well as be right for the House.
We will continue to work on the wider issues, too.
In her foreword, Baroness Casey says: “If we’d got this right years ago—seeing these girls as children raped rather than ‘wayward teenagers’ or collaborators in their abuse, collecting ethnicity data, and acknowledging as a system that we did not do a good enough job—then I doubt we’d be in this place now.”
We lost a decade.
We cannot lose another one.