Asked whether the Government were planning to restrict EHCPs so that they apply only to children in special schools, the Government’s strategic adviser on SEND, Christine Lenehan, recently said: “I think, to be honest, that’s the conversation we’re in the middle of.”
Is she correct to say that Ministers are considering that, or not?
We do need to think differently about the system that we have inherited from the Conservative party—one that Members from across the House recognise just is not working.
This is not about taking away support for families or children; it is about making sure that there is much earlier identification of need and that support is put in place much more rapidly, including ahead of any formal diagnosis.
I urge the shadow Minister to reflect and to show a bit more humility about the terrible state of what he and his party have left behind: a system that is adversarial and fails children, and in which children with special educational needs and disabilities do not get the excellent educational outcomes that should be the right of every child in this country.
He should reflect on his total failure.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of changes to funding for level 7 apprenticeships on people aged 22 and over.
Apprenticeship starts by young people collapsed under the Conservatives.
Labour is rebalancing the system towards young people to help them get on in life by backing them and giving them the skills they need to get jobs and grow our economy.
Over 95,000 apprenticeships are being undertaken in the health, public services and care sector, and NHS Employers and many others have raised concerns about the impact of the Government policy to cease funding for level 7 apprenticeships for those over the age of 22.
Can the Minister tell us what plans are in place to ensure that the people supporting all of us and all our constituents are given essential training and support?
More particularly, what discussions has she had with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care about the impact of this decision on our NHS?
We are encouraging more employers, including the NHS, to invest in upskilling their staff who are over 22 years old and to deliver level 7 apprenticeships where they benefit those businesses and individuals.
It will be for employers to determine the most appropriate training, and there are other training opportunities available at level 7, including non-apprenticeship routes.
Our reforms will support 120,000 new training opportunities and up to 13,000 foundation apprenticeship starts.
Apprenticeship starts, participation and achievements are all up under Labour, and we are continuing to go much further.