What steps she is taking to improve mental health support in schools.
What steps she is taking to improve mental health support in schools.
This Government are committed to breaking down the barriers to opportunity, which is why we are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and expanding mental health support teams so that every child can access early support before problems escalate.
In the Stroud area, six schools are now teaching mental health first aid to 16-year-olds.
Many students have received a form of qualification, which they can use for applications to jobs and university.
At Rednock school, these students are wearing coloured lanyards so that other students can recognise them and ask them for help with their mental health.
Would the Minister support and extend this innovative scheme?
I am happy to hear about the successful project in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I am interested to learn more as we share further details.
Separately, to support education staff, the Department provides a range of guidance and practical resources on promoting and supporting pupils’ mental health and wellbeing.
The brilliant schools in my constituency know that good mental health is the foundation for pupils enjoying school, fulfilling their potential and getting ready for life.
In addition to rolling out mental health support for nearly a million more young people this year, will the Minister confirm that this Government will ensure that every child who needs mental health support will get it by the end of this Parliament?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, but would add that it is not just seen through the expansion of mental health support teams.
With an extra £680 million in Government funding this year, the Government are transforming mental health services for children in Reading West and Mid Berkshire and across the country, hiring more staff, delivering more talking therapies and getting waiting lists down through our plan for change so that children can have the best possible start in life.
What are the principal differences between this Government’s groundbreaking plan to introduce mental health support teams to schools and the previous Government’s already in-progress programme to deliver mental health support teams to schools?
As I like this Minister, Mr Speaker, let me give him a hint: this has been a rhetorical question.
The difference is that we are delivering it to every school in our country to make sure that every child can succeed and thrive.
My constituent John Clifton chairs the West Sussex Parent Carer Forum.
Last week John wrote to me and all West Sussex MPs outlining a number of the forum’s concerns, including the provision of mental health support for children who have special educational needs and are neurodiverse.
How will the Minister ensure that the support that will be provided is inclusive for all children, regardless of their needs?