I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
We want all schools to offer a broad and balanced curriculum, including outdoor activities, sport, PE and physical activity, and to ensure that every child can benefit.
That is why we are legislating to ensure that the national curriculum applies to all schools, through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill.
What steps she is taking to develop a SEND strategy.
Colleagues across the House have already heard today about the “lose, lose, lose” system that we inherited from the Conservatives.
Improving the special educational needs and disabilities system is a priority.
We are working to improve outcomes for all children.
Parents should not have to fight for support for their children.
We will be setting out further details in our schools White Paper in the autumn.
Given the sharp rise in diagnosis in York of children with SEND, we have established a SEND-focused family hub.
We are also reviewing other services.
I am particularly concerned about the culture within schools.
We need nurturing and inclusive education, so that we have a therapeutic learning environment.
Will the Minister say what she is doing to ensure that schools, local authorities and others can feed into the White Paper to share best practice and raise concerns?
I know that my hon.
Friend cares very deeply about this issue.
I can reassure her that we are actively collaborating with sector parents and experts on how we drive forward our SEND reforms.
That includes working closely with Dame Christine Lenehan, our strategic adviser on SEND, and Tom Rees, who leads the expert advisory group on inclusion.
Changes we make will focus on improving support for children and parents, ending that fight for support, and protecting existing provision.
We are listening very closely as we develop the plans.
It is rare but very encouraging when a constituent comes into a surgery with some solutions.
A couple of months ago, Elizabeth Cordle came into my surgery to talk about Corefulness, which is a series of short, simple, evidence-based exercise programmes to mature essential movement skills and help improve a child’s readiness to learn and break down barriers to learning.
She is uncertain on how exactly it could be applied to assist with SEND, but she is absolutely clear that, through the national roll-out that she is leading, it has enormous potential.
Will the Minister to engage with me and Elizabeth, so that as the strategy is being developed, we can examine whether that programme has a wider application?
I agree that we need to take a constructive and collaborative approach in how we improve outcomes for all children, and intervene in children’s lives to ensure their needs are met at the earliest stage possible.
We will support schools to do that in any way we can.
I would be more than happy to engage with the right hon.
Gentleman on his constructive suggestion.
What steps she is taking to reduce the time taken for the adoption of children in foster care.
Where adoption is the right option for children, it needs to happen without delay, and early permanence placements are a crucial way to offer children stability.
Labour believes that children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life, which is why we have provided £250,000 in funding for Adoption England to promote the practice.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill represents the biggest overhaul of children’s social care in a generation, and it is a shame that Opposition Members opposed it.