One of the biggest challenges affecting the delivery of support for children with special educational needs and disabilities is the extent of local authority funding deficits.
They are currently dealt with through the statutory override, which allows local authorities to set a balanced budget without accounting for their SEND deficits.
Given that the statutory override expires in March 2026, does the Secretary of State agree that a White Paper in autumn 2025 provides far too little time for the Government to implement meaningful change without extending the override further, and when does she expect local authorities to be able to have the certainty that they need to plan for the coming financial year?
I agree that in addition to longer-term reform, which the White Paper will deliver, it is imperative that we take action now in order to make sure that the school system better caters for children with a wide range of needs.
That is why we have invested £740 million to support councils to create more specialist provision in mainstream schools.
I have seen some fantastic examples right across the country, and we need to see more.
On the precise question about the statutory override, we want to make sure that councils are better supported through the process, and we will set out our position very soon.
One of the best ways to support autistic children in schools is for teachers to go through mandatory training and to understand better the challenges that faced by neurodiverse people.
How is the neurodivergent taskforce progressing, and will the Government bring in mandatory training for new teachers?
We are introducing more training on SEND for new entrants to the profession.
That will take effect from September, but there is more that we need to do, including supporting teachers and staff  already working in our schools.
That is part of the work that the group has under way, and we will set out more through the White Paper.
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s interest in the issue; I know he cares very much about making sure that all children, including those who are neurodivergent, have the support that they need to thrive, which is what this Government are determined to deliver.