The Secretary of State may dismiss banning smartphones in schools as a gimmick, but teachers, health professionals and parents are all calling for action to reduce children’s screen time.
Every day we have new evidence of the harm that screens are doing, so why is the Education Secretary ignoring that and pressing ahead with screen-based assessments for children as young as four from September?
Does she accept that that is normalising screen time for young people, which is the opposite of what we should be doing?
Is that all that the right hon.
Lady can go on?
After 14 years, the Conservatives broke the education system.
As I said, guidance is already in place for schools, and the majority of schools already have a ban on mobile phone use.
What steps she is taking to help improve the school estate.
What steps her Department is taking to improve the quality of school buildings.
This Government are committed to sustained investment to improve the school estate, in order to give children the best start in life.
We will increase annual capital investment for maintenance in real terms, rising from £2.1 billion this financial year to around £2.3 billion in 2029-30—over £400 million more than in 2024-25.
That is on top of around £2.4 billion per year over the next four years to 2029-30 to continue the school rebuilding programme in over 500 schools.
We will go further by expanding the programme, providing long-term certainty through to 2034-35, and we will set out details in the forthcoming 10-year infrastructure strategy.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer.
I draw his attention to the process for getting some of that funding.
Battling Brook is a small primary school in the heart of Hinckley.
It is well loved, but it has had problems with two of its classrooms having damp and falling into disrepair, so the school cannot use them.
It applied to the condition improvement fund but was declined.
The school feels that the goalposts have been shifted; there was a six-month delay in the condition data collection report, so it was marked down, and this all culminated in Battling Brook not getting the funding it needs.
Will the Minister look at this case and have a meeting with me, so that I can go back to Battling Brook and make sure it gets the funding it needs to reopen its classrooms in September for the primary school pupils of Hinckley?
The hon.
Member has not been shy in lobbying me on these issues, but I would be very happy to meet him again.
He will know that the Department provides advice and support on a case-by-case basis, and I am happy to discuss these issues with him further.
Children at Wreningham and Brooke primary schools are receiving a first-class education from excellent teachers, despite still being taught from portacabins due to a lack of investment by the previous Government.
I thank the Minister for already agreeing to meet me.
It would be rude if I did not extend the same invite to him, so would he like to come and visit those two amazing schools?
The Government do not want any school to be left behind, including those serving rural communities.
That is why we have invested significantly in capital funding this year, with almost £5.5 million for Norfolk county council to invest in improving its estate, including Wreningham and Brooke primary schools.
I look forward to meeting my hon.
Friend.
Small rural schools in Cumbria have some of the oldest buildings that are most in need of repair, but also some of the most pressured budgets.
Will the Minister consider setting out a special budget aimed at making sure we tackle repair backlogs in small rural schools, such as those in my constituency?
The hon.
Member will know that ensuring schools and colleges get the resources and buildings they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity and ensure every young person can succeed and thrive.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss these issues further.