Philip Augar, the chair of the previous review into post-18 education funding, stated recently in the Financial Times that “a handful” of universities are receiving “secret bailouts”.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what emergency financial support the Government have already provided to struggling institutions and commit to informing Parliament of any future emergency financial support for individual institutions?
It was this Labour Government’s priority to ensure that our world-leading universities were put on a much more sustainable footing.
That is why we took the difficult but necessary decision to increase student fees, and it is why we are reforming the Office for Students to have a much sharper focus on financial regulation and sustainability.
We, together with the Office for Students, continue to keep under review any institutions that may face difficulty, but the hon.
Member will appreciate that these sensitive issues are best dealt with properly and seriously through the Office for Students.
In Rossendale and Darwen, the Valley leadership academy is a vital school serving some of our most disadvantaged communities, yet it was recently identified as a stuck school following successive “requires improvement” Ofsted assessments.
The staff and leadership at the school are working incredibly hard to drive improvement, and we are starting to see positive signs.
Will the Minister therefore please update me on what Labour is doing to support them?
Labour is delivering a new era of high and rising school standards, because we know that when standards slip it is disadvantaged children who suffer, and we will not let that happen.
That is why Labour’s regional improvement for standards and excellence teams are spearheading a stronger, faster system, prioritising stuck schools, sending in advisers with a proven track record of turning schools around, and backing that up with up to £20 million— Order.
May I invite the Secretary of State to come and visit the outstanding Market Field special school in my constituency, which was rebuilt and dramatically expanded under the Conservatives?
I have been listening to what she has been saying about expanding special needs provision.
Will she give an assurance that the number and capacity of special schools will continue to be expanded and that we will not return to the failed policy of the previous Labour Government?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will ensure that we have the right numbers of specialist placements in the parts of the country where they are needed.
Our capital budget in the spending review will allow us to do that.
But alongside that, we need to ensure that we have more specialist provision in mainstream, including partnership with the specialist sector, to train and support the workforce to make that a reality.
Does the Minister agree that plans to make all children in households in receipt of universal credit eligible for free school meals will build on the Government’s brilliant work to tackle pupil absence?
The incredible numbers I have heard mentioned about this academic year are 140,000 fewer children persistently absent and 3 million extra days in school.
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Providing over half a million children from the most disadvantaged backgrounds with a free, nutritious lunch every school day will lead to higher attainment, improved behaviour and better outcomes, including on attendance, meaning that children can get the best possible education and a chance to succeed in life.
Although the Department is providing some extra funds to meet the additional costs of NICs in schools, those with a high number of SEND pupils such as All Saints’ primary in Maldon will still receive less than 50% of the increase.
Will the Secretary of State look again at that aspect, which is another disincentive for mainstream schools taking SEND pupils?
In wider reform later this year through the schools White Paper—including to the SEND system—we will look at every way in which we can improve outcomes for children, including those with SEND.
That will include looking at the funding mechanisms we inherited from the Conservative party.
I set up the Corby and east Northants SEND roundtable to help seek solutions to fix the broken system.
One of the outcomes of the discussions was the need to improve SEND provision in our mainstream schools.
What is the Minister doing to engage with teachers to make schools more inclusive and maximise the potential of every child?
We are investing significantly to make mainstream schools more inclusive for SEND students.
By strengthening our evidence of effective inclusive practice, we are equipping teachers with proven tools and strategies to deliver excellent inclusive education supported by expert teaching and a world-class curriculum.
We will set out more details in our White Paper in the autumn.
Scottish education was once the envy of the world, but under the SNP it is being destroyed.
Data shows that a quarter of 11-year-olds in Scotland are not achieving expected literacy levels.
Does the Minister agree that the SNP needs to drop its weird obsessions and get back to the basics of sorting out Scotland’s education?
It is only through delivering a Labour Government in Scotland next year that we will get the change that the hon.
Gentleman is seeking.
I agree that Scottish education used to be the envy of the world—I spent many a long day speaking to my grandfather about his experience of the Scottish system—but it is  only with a Labour Government in Scotland that we will once again see the focus on standards that our disadvantaged young people badly need.
Earlier this month, I opened the Launch Pad, a new SEND provision at Sandhurst school, and I was shown around by Ben, who told me how the Launch Pad had helped him to access education.
As the Government work at pace to fix the broken SEND system, what is the Minister’s message for young people like Ben?
We know that there are lots of great examples of mainstream schools delivering specialist provision, such as the one my hon.
Friend recently opened, enabling children to achieve and thrive in mainstream school and providing excellent support to children with speech and language needs.
We have allocated £740 million to support mainstream schools to increase their SEND provision, and we want to reassure his constituent that we will continue to prioritise that in our work.
Another private school, Queen Margaret’s school for girls in York, has announced its closure, months after the Carrdus school in my constituency announced its closure.
Over 11,000 children have left the private sector in this first year, which is more than three times what the Government expected.
Does the Minister believe that the impact assessment of the introduction of VAT on private schools is correct?
Will she look again at the flawed case for it?
Around 50 mainstream private schools close each year.
The level of fees charged by private schools is not a matter for the Department; it is a contractual matter between private schools and parents.
Just two in five young people recall receiving any financial education at school, and those who did so often received less than an hour per month.
While I welcome the Government’s Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, which will require all schools to teach financial literacy, does the Minister agree that the curriculum and assessment review gives us an opportunity to go even further?
Will she meet me to discuss how Government, industry and civil society can ensure that children in my constituency get this vital life skill?
I absolutely agree with the importance of financial education.
We are looking at the curriculum and assessment system and making sure that we take the advice of the independent review on these matters.
I would be more than happy, given my hon.
Friend’s enthusiasm—and parents’ enthusiasm—for this subject, to discuss it further with him.
Last week the Chancellor committed £9.6 billion over the next four years to the school rebuilding programme.
Hornsea school and language college in my constituency is in dire need of a full rebuild, so can the Secretary of State commit today to including it in the next tranche of rebuilds?
If she needs any persuading, I would be delighted to invite her to make a short detour on her way back to Sunderland and to come and have a look for herself.
We have significantly increased investment to improve the condition of schools or rebuild them; ensuring that schools have the resources and buildings that they need is key to our plan for change.
If the hon.
Member would like to write to me about that school, I would be happy to update him on this matter.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on British Sign Language, I know that the thousands of BSL first-language speakers in this country are very supportive of the introduction of a new BSL GCSE.
However, I understand that progress on that has slightly stalled, so I would be grateful if the Minister could provide an update on the roll-out.
The British Sign Language GCSE is a key feature of our commitment to enhancing the status of British Sign Language, both in education and  in society.
Ofqual is currently running a public consultation on its proposed assessment arrangements and expects to confirm its decision on the qualification rules in autumn 2025.
In April, I wrote to the Minister for School Standards about the Angel Hill free school, which will provide 96 desperately needed places for children with SEND in my constituency.
I thank her for her response in which she said that we would get an update shortly.
I ask again: when does she expect construction of the Angel Hill free school in Rosehill to begin?