What StandWithUs UK sets out in its report into antisemitism and support for terrorism at British universities is a source of national shame.
It is high time that we heeded the stipulation in the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance’s definition that so-called anti-Zionism is nothing less that anti-Jewish racism.
I urge the Secretary of State to reiterate that crucial point and ask whether she will commit to enacting the report’s important recommendations, including introducing a framework of escalating financial penalties for universities that fail to safeguard their Jewish students from such hateful intolerance and extremism.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that incredibly important issue that we, as a Government, take extremely seriously, because no student should be subject to antisemitism on universities campuses or in any place in our education system.
That is why we have committed £7 million of funding to address antisemitism in education.
Half a million pounds of that has already been awarded to University Jewish Chaplaincy to support student welfare on university campuses.
That runs alongside the new condition of registration from the Office for Students that will ensure we protect students from harassment and discrimination.
Given my experience of working with the Holocaust Educational Trust in schools in Mansfield, I ask the Secretary of State to confirm that the history of the Holocaust will be taught in schools following the passage of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, which the Conservatives opposed.
I can give that confirmation to my hon.
Friend.
I join him in paying tribute to the Holocaust Educational Trust for its work to shine a light on antisemitism at the moment in our country, but also to ensure that we learn the lessons of history.
I say to my hon.
Friend that yes, we have given that undertaking, ahead of the conclusion of the curriculum and assessment review, to ensure that all our young people learn and understand the lessons of the Holocaust, which are more important now than was ever the case.
What estimate she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer national insurance contributions on the number of redundancies in schools.
I am pleased to inform the House that the Government are over a third of the way to meeting our plan for change milestone: compared to last year, we have over 2,300 more teachers in schools and over 1,000 more in training.
Whether on private school tax breaks or on teacher recruitment and retention, the Conservatives’ scaremongering is not coming to fruition, but they continue to talk down our education system, to be disconnected from reality and to be wrong.
May I update the Minister, who seems to be very complacent on this issue?
In Harrow, where I have been out to see many of our schools, since we passed the resignation date, vacancies are not being filled and many staff feel threatened with being made redundant from our schools.
That is not good for our children or for the education system.
All the schools say that these issues are because of the national insurance hikes that have taken place, which are penalising school budgets.
Will the Minister take action to ensure that money is provided to enable schools to recruit the staff that we need?
There is absolutely no complacency on the Government Benches—we saw complacency over the past 10 years, and we are picking up the pieces and fixing the system.
We have committed significant funding to schools.
We are providing mainstream schools and high needs settings with over £930 million to support them with increases in national insurance contributions.
At the spring Budget, we announced additional funding to the tune of £4.7 billion per year by 2028-29, compared with 2025-26.
We are supporting schools to get on and improve education, creating excellent outcomes for every child, and we will continue to do so.
I very much welcome the 2,300 extra teachers that Labour’s plan for change has seen in our schools, but school support staff are just as important as teachers in ensuring the delivery of the well-run schools we have in Ealing Southall.
Will the Minister update the House on progress in reinstating the school support staff negotiating body, which was abolished by the Conservative party in 2010?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the fantastic work done in our schools not only by teachers, but by all school staff.
One of the first things we did in Government was to introduce  legislation to bring back the school support staff negotiating body, to ensure that those staff are recognised for their vital work and that they are part of the conservation about terms, conditions and pay.
That process is under way in Parliament, and we are in strong negotiations on a continuous basis through our improving education together plan, which allows stakeholders to get around the table.