Their story is a shining example of the

American spirit, and their enduring marriage is a beacon of hope and

stability in our community.
Here's to Billy and Jackie Glines, for

their steadfast love, their service to our country, and their

unwavering commitment to our community.
May they continue to share many

more happy years together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CRITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL JAMES C.

WARREN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedication

ceremony for the Lieutenant Colonel James C. Warren Memorial

Interchange.
In 2015, the Interstate-80/505 Interchange was officially

named the Lieutenant Colonel James C. Warren Memorial Interchange, yet

a physical sign designating the recognition and new name of the

interchange was never established.
Lt.
Col.
Warren began his 35 years of service in the U.S. Air Force

during World War II as an original member of the 477th Bombardment,

comprised of African American military pilots known as the ``Tuskegee

Airmen.''
He flew over 12,000 hours and 173 combat missions, never

failing to answer the call to serve our country.
As a result of his bravery and aptitude, Lt.
Col.
Warren was selected

as the navigator of ``Homecoming One,'' bringing home the first group

of American POW's from North Vietnam.
In 1971, when Apollo 14 landed on

Earth, he was a member of the team that safely recovered the space

crew.
Lt.
Col.
Warren participated in countless crucial moments in our

history and his selfless service undeniably solidified him as an

American hero.
Lt.
Col.
Warren's service alongside his fellow Tuskegee Airman was

critical to the Civil Rights Movement and breaking down the barriers of

segregation in the U.S. military.
In 1945, Lt.
Col.
Warren and the

Tuskegee Airman attempted to integrate an all-white Officers' Club at

Freeman Army Airfield.
The incident led to the arrest of 102 officers,

including Lt.
Col.
Warren.
This event is widely regarded as a seminal

moment in the push toward full integration of the U.S. military and as

a model for civil disobedience during the Civil Rights Movement.
For his critical contributions to our country, Lt.
Col.
Warren was

awarded numerous medals, including the Distinguished Flying Cross with

two Oak Leaf Clusters, the Air Medal with eleven Oak Leaf Clusters, and

the Congressional Gold Medal.
Lt.
Col.
Warren dedicated his life to

serving our country, and his bravery and tenacity helped create a

better, more equitable society for future generations of Americans.
I am thrilled that the dedication for the Lieutenant Colonel James C.

Warren Memorial Interchange will finally be completed.
On behalf of

California's Eighth Congressional District, I extend my sincere

gratitude to Lt.
Col.
James C. Warren for his selfless service,

advocacy, and tremendous impact on our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FELIX Z. FRAGA

HON.
SYLVIA R. GARCIA

Ms. GARCIA of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a friend and

a hero of the East End, Felix Z. Fraga, who passed away last week at

the age of 94.
Born one day after the market crash on Black Tuesday, Felix's life

was defined by his fight to end poverty in all its forms.
Growing up in the East End, one of Felix's foundational memories at

the start of the Depression was going to the Rusk Settlement House, a

community center, for a daily meal.
But the Rusk House, and later

Ripley House would become so much more than a place for food.
In 1946,

at the age of 16, Felix started as a youth social worker at Rusk, in

what would become his life's calling.
The first in his family to graduate from high school and college, and

later graduate school for social work, Felix went on to lead Ripley

House for two decades as director from 1970 to 1990.