But the Rusk House, and later

Ripley House would become so much more than a place for food.
In 1946,

at the age of 16, Felix started as a youth social worker at Rusk, in

what would become his life's calling.
The first in his family to graduate from high school and college, and

later graduate school for social work, Felix went on to lead Ripley

House for two decades as director from 1970 to 1990.
I still remember

walking into Ripley House in 1972, when I first arrived in Houston, a

young social worker ready to save the world.
I went there looking for a

job--that's when I met Felix and we were friends ever since.
We fought

many battles together--hunger, homelessness, redistricting, poverty--

you name it, Felix was there.
Felix was always a public servant, but he didn't seek out politics.
In 1990, it was the public who chose him to be their champion, to be

their voice.
And champion them he did, Mr. Speaker.
He would serve on

the Houston Independent School District School Board and then on the

Houston City Council, always fighting to uplift Latinos, and building

for a better day.
Mr. Speaker, Felix Fraga was a tireless champion for justice and a

better life for all, and he never ceased to smile even through his

final days.
He put hope over hunger, care over cynicism, and people over

politics.
Our prayers are with his wife, Nelly, his brother, Tom; his sons,

Carlos and Bolivar; and his bright grandchildren, Nicolas, Damian, and

Amanda.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and

legacy of Felix Fraga.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JACK HAMLIN OF SPRINGFIELD, MISSOURI

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

legacy of a great American patriot, World War II hero Jack Hamlin of

Springfield, Missouri, who passed away on July 20, 2024.
He was 102

years old.
Mr. Hamlin's resume reads like it should belong to several

individuals college football player, minor league baseball player,

Coast Guard veteran, law school graduate, member of the Missouri House

of Representatives from Greene County, Deputy Collector of Revenue for

the state of Missouri, owner of an insurance company, husband, and

father of three.
In 1941, Jack was pursuing his dream to become a professional

baseball player, but when the Japanese Empire attacked the U.S. fleet

at Pearl Harbor on December 7th that year, Jack knew he had to serve.
On February 2, 1942, he raised his right hand and enlisted in the Coast

Guard.
Little did Jack know that in the spring of 1944, he would be assigned

to ``Operation Neptune,'' the designation for the naval operation

supporting the largest invasion in military history code named

Operation Overlord.
His 83-foot cutter was assigned to a special unit

of 60 cutters named ``Rescue Flotilla One.''
Their mission was to

rescue soldiers lost in the water during the invasion at Normandy.
We hear much about the men who fought and died that day, ultimately

turning the tide of World War II.
But little is known about Jack's

efforts and the efforts of more than 800 of his fellow guardsmen who

saved the lives of 1,500 men and one woman, pulling them from the

chilly waters off the Normandy coast and ferrying them to the hospital

ships some 10 miles away.
It was right and fitting that he was

presented with the French Legion of Honor medal for his efforts.
He

also was one of only 75 American military members to be invited to

have dinner with the Queen of England in commemoration of D-Day's 50th

anniversary.
Jack Hamlin continued to live his life fully, even jumping out of an

airplane at age 95, and serving his state and fellow man.