As we look ahead, I am confident that the enduring friendship between

our two nations will continue to prosper and grow as we rise together

to meet the challenges of tomorrow.
Today, I extend to His Majesty King Rama X of Thailand my sincerest

best wishes for his good health, happiness, and long life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEEPFAKES OF INTIMATE IMAGES

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to draw attention to the

dangerous issue of deepfake pornography, which is incredibly

destructive and can have life-altering impacts on its victims.
Almost

96 percent of all deepfakes online are pornographic in nature, and

nearly every single one targets women.
It takes no special knowledge or

technical expertise to create these images, and more women are being

targeted each and every day.
High school students, young girls who

should be worried about their homework, not whether a classmate is

using their image to make an explicit video that has the potential to

do serious and irreparable harm.
Deepfakes are abhorrent, and the

developers of these systems should be held liable.
I've introduced

legislation to bring strong criminal and civil penalties against those

who create them.
I urge my colleagues to join me in demonstrating our

shared commitment to fighting the dangerous misuse of artificial

intelligence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BILLY AND JACKIE GLINES

HON.
RANDY K. WEBER, SR.
Mr. WEBER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a remarkable couple

who have been pillars of our community in Friendswood, Texas.
The

Glines Family, as some of the earliest residents of our beloved town,

have left an indelible mark on the fabric of our society.
Billy and Jackie Glines share a love story that reads like a

fairytale.
They met in 1957, and it wasn't long before sparks flew.
Their first date in July of that year set the stage for a lifelong

romance.
By late October, Billy was called to serve our great country.
Knowing he had found his soulmate, Billy was determined to marry Jackie

before someone else did, for he knew he would ``never find another girl

like her.''
On Christmas leave from basic training, Billy and Jackie had a quaint

ceremony on December 23, 1957.
Their love was tested early on, as Billy

soon departed for Germany to serve as an Advanced Weapons Support

Commander.
Their bond only grew stronger over the miles and years.
In November

1960, they welcomed their first child, Kimberly, followed by Britt in

April 1964.
Kimberly and her husband, Stan, have two children, while

Britt and his wife, Shannon, have three.
The Glines family legacy

continues to thrive through these wonderful families.
Billy's career journey led him to establish the Mustang Auto Shop

with his brother-in-law, a business that remains in operation today,

serving the Friendswood community.
Jackie, after initially working at a

weight loss facility, found her calling as a secretary at Accident

Insurance Company from 1958 to 1960.
She paused her career to raise her

children, then dedicated 30 years as a beloved school secretary at her

son's elementary school.
Last Christmas, Billy and Jackie celebrated 67 years of enduring love

and commitment.
Their contributions to Friendswood are immeasurable,

and their story is an inspiration to us all.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent folks like Billy and Jackie

Glines, whose lives are a testament to the values we hold dear--love,

dedication, and service.
Their story is a shining example of the

American spirit, and their enduring marriage is a beacon of hope and

stability in our community.
Here's to Billy and Jackie Glines, for

their steadfast love, their service to our country, and their

unwavering commitment to our community.
May they continue to share many

more happy years together.