It is one of only four irrigation districts in

California that provide retail electricity to homes, farms, and

businesses in its service territory.
Michelle was with TID for 18 years, starting with its public

information operation, but through hard work and dedication to the

District, she assumed various other leadership positions, culminating

in becoming the first female General Manager in 2020.
During her time

leading the agency, she focused on transparency, collaboration, and

commitment to its customers, but always prioritized ensuring that TID

had water supplies to serve its communities, such as through creating

new water rights for the District to capture flood flows on the

Tuolumne River.
In addition, under Michelle's leadership, TID

electricity rates remained among the lowest in California, without

wavering on reliability.
Just three months into her role as General Manager, Michelle

successfully navigated the most challenging pandemic of our time.
Additionally, she led TID through extreme weather conditions, including

the third direst three year stretch on record and then one of the

wettest winters in history, and through significant wildfires multiple

years in a row all the while maintaining the reliability our community

expects and deserves.
Michelle was also a driving force in the long-

term relicensing of the Don Pedro Project, a federally licensed water

storage facility with hydroelectric energy generation on the Tuolumne

River, with Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Pragmatic and results oriented, Michelle would bring disparate groups

together from the Environmental Defense Fund to the American Public

Power Association to get the job done.
While she encouraged

collaboration, she never shied away from her main objective--to ensure

our communities and farms had a reliable supply of water and power.
And

when she was not leading TID or representing the District in water-

related negotiations, she could be found growing walnuts and almonds on

her farm.
Michelle was a tireless advocate of our community and farmers and

always led with the customer in mind.
She should be proud of all she

accomplished while leading TID and, as she begins this new chapter in

her life, I am confident she will continue to make positive impacts in

our Valley.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing a woman

whose professionalism, passion, and determination has benefited many of

the water and power users of California's San Joaquin Valley.
It is

both fitting and appropriate that we honor Michelle Reimers on her

retirement from the Turlock Irrigation District.
I want to wish

Michelle and her family all the best as she embarks on this new phase

of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING POINTBANK'S 140TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize PointBank as it

celebrates the 140th anniversary of its founding.
I'm honored to

congratulate PointBank on reaching such a significant milestone.
As an independent bank located in Denton County, PointBank has served

North Texas since its founding in 1884.
Over the last 140 years,

PointBank has expanded across Denton County, providing locally owned,

full-service, community banking.
It is an honor to recognize the

dedicated and steadfast service that they have provided to Denton

County citizens and businesses over the past 140 years.
After James Pierson fulfilled his vision in 1853 of establishing the

town of Pilot Point, he and other residents realized they needed a bank

to serve their hometown's needs.
Less than 40 years after the

organization of Denton County, the Pilot Point Bank opened its doors in

1884, serving as the forerunner of PointBank.
Just eight years later,

on July 13, 1892, the bank received its charter as Pilot Point National

Bank.
On November 15, 1995, more than 100 years after its founding,

Pilot Point Bank shortened its name to PointBank, as it is currently

known today.
Since its inception, PointBank has had seven presidents

and the bank's ownership has been passed down through multiple

families.
In 1981, Mr. J. Raymond David, Sr.