On November 15, 1995, more than 100 years after its founding,

Pilot Point Bank shortened its name to PointBank, as it is currently

known today.
Since its inception, PointBank has had seven presidents

and the bank's ownership has been passed down through multiple

families.
In 1981, Mr. J. Raymond David, Sr.
became President of the

bank and served in that role until 2004 when he was succeeded by his

son, Mr. Ray David, Jr.

Today, PointBank serves their Denton County customers from their nine

bank locations in Argyle, Denton, Lewisville, Little Elm, Flower Mound,

the Lake Cities, and its first location in Aubrey.
PointBank has

exciting plans for future growth and expansion to additional North

Texas communities.
Since its founding, PointBank has remained a locally owned,

independent Denton County based bank that knows the area and the people

that they serve, taking pride in being a ``people bank.''
I stand here

today to celebrate with the David family and their employees, looking

back at an exemplary 140 years of service to our community and looking

ahead to many more years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SERGEANT IRBY ``CORKY'' DYER III

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the military service

of Sergeant Irby ``Corky'' Dyer III.
He served during the Vietnam War

as a member of the U.S. Army's elite Green Berets.
Sergeant Dyer is a native Texan born in Sweetwater--where my father

was born--on December 6, 1943.
He grew up and attended public school in

Midland.
Sergeant Dyer went on to attend Schreiner Institute in

Kerrville.
He graduated from Schreiner's military preparation program

in 1961.
Four years later, he married Bonnie K. Little.
They have one

daughter together, Deborah Denise.
Before enlisting in the military, Sergeant Dyer attended college in

Odessa and later at the University of Texas at Austin.
He trained as an

Army medic and eventually became a member of the 5th Special Forces

Group, Detachment B-52 under Project DELTA.
Their top-secret

assignments brought Sergeant Dyer into dangerous situations in Vietnam

and neighboring countries.
While conducting Operation Hawkeye in December 1966, Sergeant Dyer

and his fellow soldiers were shot down in a helicopter over Laos.
This

occurred one and a half miles west of the Demilitarized Zone.
As a result, Sergeant Dyer was declared missing in action and his

body has not been recovered.
He has been awarded a Purple Heart, the

Bronze Star with V device, and other commendations.
Schreiner University in Kerrville will be honoring Sergeant Dyer in

September, and I am honored to recognize Sergeant Dyer for his heroism

and honorable service to our country.
May all those who serve our

Nation know how grateful we are for their dedication to securing the

blessings of liberty.
May God bless Sergeant Dyer and his loved ones, and may God bless

America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNUAL TASTE OF ETHIOPIA

HON.
JASON CROW

Mr. CROW.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 10th Annual

Taste of Ethiopia and its organizers.
The Taste of Ethiopia is an

annual event that highlights the culture and community service of many

in Colorado's Ethiopian immigrant community.
Colorado families of all backgrounds attend this event to experience

Ethiopian culture, music, food, art, crafts, games, and dance.
Organizers and volunteers share these vibrant facets of their lives

with the community, and attendees embrace and learn about the many ways

the Ethiopian diaspora community enriches our district.
My district has one of the largest Ethiopian populations in the State

of Colorado, a characteristic that I consider among our strengths.
I

have had the privilege of attending the Taste of Ethiopia several times

over the last ten years, and I know firsthand how meaningful this event

is to our community.
It is an honor to be included in this celebration.