Title: COMMEMORATING HIS MAJESTY KING MAHA VAJIRALONGKORN PHRA VAJIRAKLAOCHAOYUHUA'S (RAMA X) 6TH CYCLE BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
127

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING HIS MAJESTY KING MAHA VAJIRALONGKORN PHRA

VAJIRAKLAOCHAOYUHUA'S (RAMA X) 6TH CYCLE BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY

HON.
RICHARD McCORMICK

Mr. McCormick.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate His Majesty

King Maha Vajiralongkorn Phra Vajiraklaochaoyuhua of the Kingdom of

Thailand's (Rama X) 6th Cycle Birthday Anniversary on July 28, 2024,

which marks the completion of 72 years.
I would like to take this

opportunity to offer our most heartfelt congratulations.
I applaud His Majesty's many accomplishments and contributions to the

prosperity and welfare of the people of Thailand.
Despite the many

global challenges faced since his ascension to the throne in December

2016, His Majesty continues to preserve and build upon the Royal legacy

of his father, King Bhumibol Adulyadej the Great (Rama IX).
His Majesty's long-standing relationship with the United States dates

back 64 years to June 1960 when King Rama X accompanied his father and

Her Majesty Queen Sirikit, the Queen Mother, during a Thai royal visit

to the United States.
During his address to a joint session of the

United States Congress, His Majesty's father expressed admiration for

the United States' ability to maintain harmony among diverse peoples

and emphasized our nations' deep ties and mutual respect.
In the 1980s, King Rama X, then the Crown Prince, completed U.S. Air

Force (USAF) advanced fighter training and conversion courses for the

F-5 fighter aircraft at Williams Air Force Base, Arizona, logging over

2,000 hours of flight time.
As a Marine Corps helicopter pilot myself,

I wholeheartedly commend His Majesty's aviation achievements.
His

Majesty's passion and dedication to military affairs is reflected in

the United States and the Kingdom of Thailand's shared desire to

elevate our alliance and military cooperation.
The U.S. designated the

Kingdom of Thailand as a major non-NATO ally in 2003, and the annual

Cobra Gold Exercise remains the largest multinational military exercise

in the Indo-Pacific region.
Participating in Cobra Gold during my own

military career was a true honor.
The Kingdom of Thailand remains a key U.S. ally and partner in

Southeast Asia.
The U.S.-Thailand relationship is vital to the

stability and prosperity of the Indo-Pacific region, and the Thai

monarchy plays an integral role in cultivating this crucial

relationship.
Last year, the United States and the Kingdom of Thailand celebrated

the 190th anniversary of our shared diplomatic relations, signifying

the enduring bond of trust and collaboration established by the signing

of the 1833 Treaty of Amity and Commerce, making the Kingdom of

Thailand the first Asian nation to enter diplomatic relations with the

United States.
From then on, the Thai monarchy, our governments, and

our peoples have worked to solidify and modernize our relationship and

the unwavering alliance that we enjoy today.
The anniversary was an

opportunity to reaffirm our long-standing alliance and commitment to

facing our shared global challenges together.
As we celebrate these significant milestones, I'm pleased to

recognize another individual who has contributed to strengthening the

diplomatic and cultural ties between our nations.
I extend my heartfelt

appreciation and recognition to Mr. Sribhongse Bunnag, who has rendered

invaluable service to my constituents and my office this year in his

capacity as a Foreign Affairs Fellow.
Through Mr. Bunnag's diligence

and compassion, we have gained a deeper understanding and appreciation

of the Thai people's rich culture, history, and aspirations.
But perhaps most importantly, we have gained a dear friend.
As we look ahead, I am confident that the enduring friendship between

our two nations will continue to prosper and grow as we rise together

to meet the challenges of tomorrow.
Today, I extend to His Majesty King Rama X of Thailand my sincerest

best wishes for his good health, happiness, and long life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEEPFAKES OF INTIMATE IMAGES

HON.