Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
175

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 23, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 28

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Marc

Berkowitz, of Virginia, Joseph Jewell, of Indiana, and

James Caggy, of New York, each to be an Assistant

Secretary, and Brendan Rogers, of Connecticut, to be an

Assistant Secretary of the Navy, all of the Department

of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Coast Guard, Maritime, and Fisheries

To hold hearings to examine reviving commercial

shipbuilding.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine competition issues in the

seed and fertilizer industries.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on the Constitution

To hold hearings to examine politically violent attacks,

focusing on a threat to our constitutional order.
OCTOBER 29

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the Section 106 consultation

process under the National Historic Preservation Act.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine Big Tech and silencing

Americans part 2.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the future of biotech,

focusing on maintaining U.S. competitiveness and

lifesaving cures to patients.
2 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine impacts of government

shutdowns and agency reductions in force on Native

communities.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mindy

Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food

Safety, Stella Herrell, of New Mexico, to be an

Assistant Secretary, and John Walk, of Virginia, to be

Inspector General, all of the Department of

Agriculture.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine putting veterans first,

focusing on the current VA disability system.
OCTOBER 30

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Vice

Admiral Richard A. Correll, USN, to be Admiral and

Commander, United States Strategic Command.
NOVEMBER 5

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 107, to amend the Lumbee

Act of 1956.