Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the dedicated service of United States Army Veteran and Former Mayor of Greenwich, Louis Leone, and to congratulate him on becoming the Grand Marshall for Greenwich's Memorial Day Parade.
Louis joined the Army in 1959 and served in Vietnam before retiring to Greenwich in 1984 after 24 years of active-duty service.
Louis earned the Combat Infantryman's Badge, Senior Parachutist Badge with over 55 jumps, and received an expert status in rifle and pistol qualifications.
In addition, he was awarded the Legion of Merit, 3 Bronze Star Medals, the Air Medal, 5 Meritorious Service Medals, Army Commendation Medal for Valor, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with 4 Bronze Service Stars, Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Korean Defense Medal, the Valorous and Meritorious Unit Awards, Vietnam Gallantly Cross Unit Citation Badge with Palm, and several Army service ribbons.
He retired with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel as a public relations officer for the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, NY.
Beyond his distinguished service to his country, Louis has been an outstanding leader in the Greenwich community ever since he retired.
He served as mayor from 1986 to 1995 and spearheaded the creation of the Greenwich Gazebo, Chamber of Commerce, the Youth Center, and the curbside recycling program.
The people of Greenwich feel the lasting impact of Louis' leadership each day.
Louis is also active in the Veterans of Foreign Wars, a veteran service organization, and is instrumental in the Voice of Democracy Scholarship Program for high school and middle school students which instills patriotism and democracy in Greenwich's youth.
He is a loving husband to his wife, Susan whom he celebrated 67 years of marriage with this summer.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am honored to recognize the incredible service.
I congratulate him on his incredible achievements and on becoming the Grand Marshall of the Greenwich Memorial Day parade.