Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Timothy ``Tim'' Mihuc, Ph.D., for his years of service to the North Country community and his efforts to protect native aquatic life in the Lake Champlain Basin.
Dr. Mihuc began his career as an undergrad majoring in Biology at Oral Roberts University and his interest in science and the environment led him to pursue a Master's in Zoology from Oklahoma State University.
Dr. Mihuc went on to complete his Ph.D. at Idaho State University.
After graduation, he spent several years at Louisiana State University as a post-doctoral researcher conducting invasive species research in the Atchafalaya River Basin.
He then served as director of the Great Rivers Field Station for the Illinois Natural History Survey where he led a research team working on the Upper Mississippi River.
The State University of New York at Plattsburgh hired Dr. Mihuc in 1999 as an Associate Professor of Environmental Science and he was named the first Director of the Lake Champlain Research Institute (LCRI) that same year.
The institute's primary objective was to assist and promote student research across multiple disciplines related to Lake Champlain and its ecosystem.
Dr. Mihuc also serves as Co-Director of the Lake Champlain Sea Grant Institute, a branch of the National Sea Grant College Program, which aims to raise awareness to improve the environmental health of the Lake Champlain region and encourage sustainable economic development.
The institute supports research on best land and water management practices and provides that research to organizations, businesses, and individuals throughout the Lake Champlain Basin.
In 2018, Dr. Mihuc was promoted to the SUNY Distinguished Professorship rank by the SUNY Board of Trustees in recognition of his dedication to the campus, the community, and Lake Champlain.
During his tenure at SUNY Plattsburgh, he successfully implemented advanced experiential learning opportunities for students through LCRI and other avenues.
Further demonstrating his expertise, I was honored to invite Dr. Mihuc to bring his expertise to Congress.
On June 16, 2022, he testified in front of the Committee on Natural Resources' Subcommittee on Water, Oceans, and Wildlife in support of H.R. 6936, the Stamp Out Invasive Species Act.
In his testimony, Dr. Mihuc cited his work at LCRI and how critical federal funding is to educate the public and combat invasive species in the wild.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, I would like to thank Dr. Mihuc for his contributions to the North Country and Lake Champlain.