Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lawrence ``Larry'' Dolhof and congratulate him on being re-elected Chairman of the Lewis County Board.
Larry has served two separate tenures on the County Legislature with a total of 15 years of service including as the Board's 
Representative for District 8, which includes the towns of Pinckney, Harrisburg, Montague, West Turin, and Osceola.
Larry was first elected to the Board of Legislators in 2000 and briefly served two terms returning to private life in 2004 before being reelected in 2013.
He earned the unanimous support of his colleagues to serve as Chairman in 2018 and was recently reelected to another term as Chairman in 2023.
Under his leadership, the legislature has prioritized fiscal responsibility and infrastructure improvements throughout the county.
Larry has led efforts to renovate the Human Services building, build a new highway garage, and provide a new facility for the DMV and Board.
Larry's leadership has helped to usher in a lower tax rate, decreasing the tax rate from the previous decade and leveraging more than $3.5 million in broadband infrastructure, reducing the number of unserved households by over 70 percent.
The people of Lewis County have increased access to online resources necessary for education, healthcare, and emergency communication thanks to Larry's stewardship.
A dedicated community leader, Larry has forged partnerships with state and federal representatives to address issues regarding tourism, renewable energy opportunities, and health and human services programs, while advocating for the full and fair representation of the voices in his rural county.
His service as Chairman of the Board is not the only way Larry serves his community.
He and his wife Donna reside in Lyons Falls where they own and operate Dolhof Hardware.
They offer hardware, lumber, building materials, steel roofing, sporting goods, rifles, shotguns, and automotive goods, as well as a drive-up propane filling station to provide essential access to energy in cold upstate winters.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, I am honored to recognize Lawrence ``Larry'' Dolhof and congratulate him on his years of dedicated public service to the people of Lewis County and on his reelection as Chairman of the Board.