Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. Speaker, today, I honor a milestone that marks the passage of time and the rich tapestry of history and community woven into the fabric.
As the county's residents commemorate its Semiquincentennial, let us reflect upon 250 years of resilience, progress, and unity that have shaped the county.
The county's history begins with the Tuscarora, who first inhabited the region that became Martin County.
They referred to the area as ``Squhawky.''
The Tuscarora lived off the lush forest of present-day Martin County and used the Roanoke River as an important trade route with other tribes in the coastal plain region.
The Tuscarora migrated to other North Carolina and Virginia sites when the first English settlers began inhabiting the area in the early 1770s.
In the anxious year of 1774, Martin County emerged from annexes of Halifax and Tyrrell Counties, born from the tireless efforts of residents who sought a closer seat of county government.
The county was named for the last Royal Governor of North Carolina, Josiah Martin.
The county's name would later be used to honor Alexander Martin, a prominent Federalist of the Old North State.
Incorporated in 1779, Williamston, the cherished county seat, earned the moniker of ``Tar Landing,'' a testament to its pivotal role along the Roanoke River.
Throughout history, the county and Williamston have served as transportation centers for naval stores such as tar, pitch, turpentine, and other resources.
The railroads of the 1800s and the highways of the 1900s continued to allow trade in the region to flourish.
The Roanoke River, a lifeline coursing through the county, has witnessed triumphs and tribulations, from its days as the ``Moratuck'' to the modern era where it beckons adventurers and anglers alike.
Let us remember the floods of 1940, a catalyst for change that birthed the Roanoke River Basin Association and paved the way for progress in flood mitigation and environmental stewardship.
From the bustling heart of Williamston to the tranquil hamlets of Oak City, Hamilton, and beyond, our communities and municipalities stand as testaments to the resilience and ingenuity of generations past and present.
At Martin County's 250th anniversary, let us celebrate our past achievements and recommit ourselves to the ideals of unity, resilience, and progress that have defined the county.
Together, let us continue to write the next chapter of the county's story, guided by the enduring spirit of those who came before us.
I wish a happy Semiquincentennial to Martin County.
Here's to another 250 years of heritage, community, and boundless possibility.