Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, it is with significant appreciation that I rise today to celebrate the distinguished career of Vicki Turnbow, who has served as the President of the Raytown Area Chamber of Commerce in Raytown, Missouri since 2007.
As a volunteer, member of the Board of Directors, and staff member, Vicki has worked diligently to promote economic development in Raytown while holding numerous positions within the Raytown Chamber.
I ask that we take a moment to reflect on Vicki's abundant accomplishments and commitment to promoting economic growth as her retirement nears.
Vicki's role as President of the Raytown Chamber of Commerce requires the oversight and leadership of two non-profit organizations, the Raytown Chamber of Commerce Building Foundation and the Raytown Area Chamber of Commerce and Tourism.
The former owns the land and building of the Raytown Chamber`s office, while the latter works to provide year-long benefits to members.
Vicki's diverse and robust skill set have set her up for success in this role, as she is tasked with managing advocacy, networking events, community engagement, business resources, and community resources and maintaining a balanced budget for the Raytown Chamber.
Understanding the importance of collaboration, Vicki has been devoted to working alongside the City of Raytown to promote economic development in the area.
She has also worked to continue developing relationships with other Chambers in the Kansas City metropolitan area, as well as with Jackson County and local school boards.
The Raytown Chamber has immensely benefitted from Vicki's leadership.
Vicki created an annual strategic plan to provide direction for staff members as they navigate the committee and board approval process.
She has worked to establish the Tourism sector with the Chamber, redesign the Chamber's logo, and to partner with Jackson County for the Rock Island Shared Use Project.
During times of economic hardship, Vicki's dedication to the Raytown Chamber remained steadfast.
The Chamber continued to meet their goals throughout the beginning of the 2020 Covid-19 pandemic due to her direction as President.
Vicki also selflessly ran the Chamber's office as a one-person operation from November of 2019 until April of 2023.
Under Vicki's leadership, the Capital Campaign was launched to remodel the Raytown Chamber of Commerce building.
Vicki saw this project through to completion from 2016 and 2023.
I was honored to help secure the $200,000 needed through federal grants for a project so deserving of these funds.
Vicki's compassion for and generosity towards the people of Raytown extends even beyond her role as President of the Raytown Chamber of Commerce.
She serves on the Board of trustees for the Raytown Educational Foundation and is a member of the Raytown Rotary Club.
Vicki's devotion to giving back to her community is apparent to all those around her.
She has received numerous awards recognizing her hard work, including the Volunteer of the Year for the Raytown Chamber award, Raytown's Outstanding Woman Leader of the Year award, and the Raytown Citizen of the Year award.
Vicki has also completed the Raytown Community Emergency Response Team training.
Dedicating hours to serving her city, Vicki has demonstrated her passion for public service.