Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Rotary Club of Plymouth, the oldest and largest service organization in Plymouth, Michigan.
Rotary Club of Plymouth's 100-year commitment to serving the local community is admirable and worthy of recognition.
Founded in 1924 as a chapter of Rotary International, the club is a non-profit organization funded solely by fundraising events in the Plymouth area and charitable contributions from members of the club and those who support its mission of advancing local education, community, and worldwide efforts.
The Plymouth chapter strives to help its members in their own journeys to advance community though understanding, goodwill, and peace through healthcare improvements, providing quality education, improving the environment, and alleviating poverty.
In 1957, the Rotary Club of Plymouth established the Plymouth Rotary Foundation to invest its donations in service projects, and since its inception the foundation has invested more than $1.9 million in local education scholarships and community projects.
Today, Rotary Club of Plymouth continues to hold annual events including barbeques, golf outings, and art fairs to raise the funds it needs to positively impact the local community.
They raise over $100,000 every year to support local park projects, scholarships, food bank fulfillment, clean drinking water programs, and COVID vaccination check-ins.
Additionally, the group sponsors an annual bingo competition with local shops and restaurants to encourage residents to shop and dine at small businesses as a way of growing the local community Recent fundraising is expected to result in over $50,000 in educational scholarships to be distributed this Spring to local high schoolers who overcame significant challenges to graduate high school to help them pursue higher education Their commitment to public service only continues to grow by teaching students to become the next generation of community leaders.
Rotary Club of Plymouth's work to build the local community, help small businesses grow, and instill a commitment to public service over the past 100 years is inspiring.
They are a true example of community over self and dedication to the common good.
I know that more success is to come, and I cannot wait to see all that they accomplish in the future.