In Shipley constituency, there are over 3,000 veterans.
I have enjoyed meeting local veterans recently, and I invite my hon.
Friend to join me in thanking them for their service.
However, with the number of homeless veteran households in England reaching 2,270 in the year 2023-24, will the Minister assure me that veterans in Shipley constituency will receive the housing support they need?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the veterans of Shipley.
It is essential, especially over the Christmas period and the next three or four months, that anyone who needs a roof over their head has one.
That is why Op Fortitude is really moving at pace: we have had just under 3,000 referrals, and over 800 veterans have been put into housing.
I would say that if anyone has any veterans in their constituency, please get them to go on to gov.uk and look at the services available.
There are plenty of services out there to get those individuals into housing as fast as possible.
It is welcome in Falkirk that this Government are determined to renew this nation’s contract with those who have served and their families.
Can the Minister assure veterans in Falkirk that this Government’s work to strengthen the reach and practical application of the armed forces covenant will be a major focus for his Department in 2025?
Absolutely.
As a fellow Scot, I take that very seriously, and I will be visiting there at the end of this week.
I have already met the Scottish Veterans Minister, and I want to champion best practice and mutual understanding between England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to ensure that we can all learn off each other and deliver the most and best services for veterans in due course.
As a former councillor, I know that many veterans can find themselves at a disadvantage when trying to access services, including social housing.
Veterans face housing challenges not only in Bathgate and Linlithgow, but across the country.
With many Scottish councils and indeed the Scottish Government having declared a housing emergency, will the Minister advise the House what engagement he has had with the Scottish Government to ensure that the housing needs of veterans are prioritised?
My hon.
Friend highlights a pretty important point.
The Government as a whole are pushing forward to deliver houses at a faster rate over the next five years than, I hope, ever before.
Veterans will be included in that, and when I come to Scotland at the end of the week these are exactly the issues I will be talking to the Scottish Veterans Minister about.
Operation Prosper was launched in April 2024 to support veterans into work after they leave the armed forces.
Does the Minister expect to continue the funding for Operation Prosper after the conclusion of the spending review?
As we move forward, we will be involved in the SDR and looking at supporting veterans into transition and employment in due course.
A large proportion of  veterans who leave services go into employment.
We want to continue that and increase the percentage over time.
Service Dogs UK is a charity dedicated to supporting armed forces and emergency services veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder.
Since opening its south-west hub in Somerton in 2020, it has matched rescue dogs with veterans across Somerset and the wider south-west, giving veterans an opportunity to manage their PTSD and move on with their lives.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the charity, and will the Government support such charities to expand their crucial work?
The charity has my full congratulations on the work it is doing.
Having pets such as a dog provides psychological comfort and friends, especially for people healing from some of the psychological impacts of service or indeed combat, and I fully support it.
If the hon.
Member would like to discuss at a later date how we could push that forward, she should please reach out to me.
Just before Christmas, we had the welcome announcement of a new veterans commissioner in Northern Ireland, Mr David Johnstone.
Although I am sure the Minister will join me in wishing him well in his new post, it is a part-time post, it has only two seconded staff and it is not on a statutory basis like elsewhere.
Will the Government put that post on a statutory basis so that the many veterans in Northern Ireland can have the service they deserve?