We face serious national defence vulnerabilities, with no land-based anti-ballistic-missile systems to protect critical infrastructure, military bases or population centres.
Recent suspected sabotage of undersea cables in the Baltics highlights the hybrid threats for which we must also prepare.
What steps is the Ministry of Defence taking to address the UK’s deficiencies in anti-ballistic-missile defences, and how are we preparing for potential hybrid attacks on our critical infrastructure?
It is important that the strategic defence review is able to report its recommendations.
It is certainly true that we inherited armed forces with capability gaps, falling morale and a recruitment and personnel crisis, which is why the SDR is so important in setting out a clear direction for the future.
This Government back defence and will continue to do so, ensuring that those capability gaps are filled.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the historic contributions of women in wartime are recognised?
I am thinking particularly of those who worked in munitions factories, including the Linlithgow munitionettes.
The essential role played by women throughout both major wars in delivering an industrial powerhouse to support our armed forces is not lost on the Government.
I am happy to take this matter offline and discuss it in due course.
I was astonished to be told by the Department for Business and Trade before Christmas that neither Tata Steel nor British Steel was a critical supplier of the Ministry of Defence.
Will the Secretary of State give a commitment that, unlike the previous Conservative Government, this Labour Government will buy British, including British Steel?
The hon.
Gentleman has put his finger on a long-standing, deep-running weakness, namely a procurement policy under the last Government that did not recognise the UK steel industry as a strategic industry and was content for the amount of UK steel sourced for some new ships to be in the single figures.
[Interruption.]  Under previous procurement Ministers, the proportion was 4%.
We will change that: the SDR will set out a plan to not just boost UK security, but strengthen the UK economy.
BAE Systems in my constituency recently announced an extra £200 million in avionics investment to support the F-35 programme, which will secure 200 extra jobs in the Warren Wood area.
Will the Minister commit to reviewing our investment in our defence industry, to ensure that more jobs are secured by well-trained young people throughout the country?
Will he also commit to visiting the site to witness that expansion and celebrate that success with our residents and community?
Yes, she will make a commitment to visit the site.
I agree with my hon.
Friend: our defence industrial strategy will enhance the incentives for long-term investment in the UK defence sector.
It will encourage investment by private firms, alongside public money, align the imperatives of national security, and ensure that we have the necessary skills.
The Defence Secretary said in October that despite conflict returning to Europe, the number of Army personnel would drop to below 70,000 next year, the lowest level since 1793.
The problem is not just recruitment, but retention.
More people are leaving than are joining.
In 2023, 15,000 people left the armed forces, while only 11,000 joined.
Will he commit to addressing the recruitment-retention balance in this year’s strategic defence review?
It is certainly true that this Government inherited a recruitment and retention crisis from the Conservatives.
Morale was falling.
That is why we are renewing the nation’s contract with those who serve.
There will be more announcements about that in due course.
I was encouraged by what the Secretary of State said about strengthening ties with allies.
Can the Minister elaborate on the steps that he and the Department are taking to further strengthen collaboration with our European allies during 2025?
As the Prime Minister has made clear, Britain is back on the world stage, and we are deepening our defence relationships with our European allies.
That means continuing to implement the Trinity House agreement between the UK and Germany.
There is also the new UK-Estonia road map, and there is more to come: we will refresh the Lancaster House agreement with our friends in France as well.
Given that President-elect Trump has been at best ambivalent towards maintaining current levels of US military aid to Ukraine, we must redouble European efforts to support Ukraine.
What further discussions does the Minister plan with European allies to collectively  strengthen the provision of arms and resources to Ukraine, including through the potential use of seized Russian Central Bank assets?
We have laid out clearly that this Government will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
That means committing £3 billion a year, as we have done, to make sure that the Ukrainians have the equipment and ammunition they need to stay in the fight, as well as deepening our defence relationships with them.
We are taking that across the NATO alliance to all NATO members, and we will continue to stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
May I commend the Government on their recent decision to bring a large amount of military housing back in house after the disastrous Tory decision to privatise it?
It is massively welcome in North West Cambridgeshire, where 431 homes are being repurchased, but a lot of the housing is in a shocking state; what steps will the Government take to address that, to make sure that our military personnel can live in the decent homes that they more than deserve?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The defence housing strategy will be a medium to long-term strategy and will be published, in line with the SDR, in the spring.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Given the Secretary of State for Defence’s previous remarks, can he set out for the House exactly what discussions there have been between Ministers and the incoming Trump Administration on the future of the Diego Garcia base?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows very well, the system in the US is very different from ours.
The Administration who are in place at present are in place until inauguration day on  20 January .
That will be the point at which we in the UK Government will start to pick up direct discussions with the incoming Administration.
The US is our closest security ally, and we will work with them to ensure that that continues.
Since Putin’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, our European Union allies have contributed €47.3 billion in funding to the Ukrainian military.
One of those integral allies is Poland, which has just assumed the presidency of the EU Council, having started on  1 January .
Will the Minister set out in a little more detail how we are working in lockstep with crucial allies like Poland at this dangerous time for the continent?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to suggest that it is vital to deepen our relations with our European friends.
Poland is a key European ally for us, not only in defence exports but in operational deployments.
I have visited Poland twice recently, including to see the amazing work of the British Army in Operation Stifftail, which used our Sky Sabre system to help to defend Polish airspace.
There will be further such joint deployments of our armed forces in due course.
It sounds like the Government are not very keen to talk about Diego Garcia with President Trump, but when people as diverse as President Trump and Lord Neil Kinnock agree that NATO countries should be spending between 3% and 4% on defence, would it not be sensible to take them seriously?
On Diego Garcia, Members will have the chance to scrutinise the detail of any treaty once it comes before the House.
Just as the previous Government did, we made sure throughout the negotiations that the US Administration were fully informed, fully briefed and fully content with the steps that we were taking.
The procurement of Ajax wasted hundreds of millions of pounds—money desperately needed in my North East Derbyshire constituency.
Can the Minister update me on the progress made in learning the lessons of that failure and implementing the findings of the Sheldon report?
Yes.
My hon.
Friend will know that the report was produced under the previous Government.
Its findings were set out under the previous Government, and I think they announced that all the necessary steps to implement all 24 recommendations—15 were accepted and nine were accepted in principle—had been completed.
We need to continue to learn the lessons and make sure that such problems do not arise in other programmes.
The cost of the 10-year equipment plan for the Defence Nuclear Organisation stood at £44 billion in 2019.
In 2022, it went up by 27% to £60 billion, and in 2024 it inflated by 62% to £99.5 billion.
Can the Secretary of State reassure us that the MOD has not lost the run of itself on this worst-of-all defence procurement debacles?
What personal commitment can he give the House that he has the foggiest idea what to do about it?
I can absolutely give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
I can also tell him that this is a national enterprise of the utmost importance that maintains the underpinning security for this nation, as it has done over decades, and that the management of our nuclear enterprise and the budget controls are in place and stronger than they have been for years.
The naval base at Faslane and companies such as BAE Systems support thousands of jobs in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that we need to grow an integrated, innovative and resilient defence sector that will address problems such as skills shortages and the need for strategic long-term partnerships?
Yes.
When the Secretary of State appeared at the Defence Committee recently, he was sitting alongside his permanent secretary when the permanent secretary announced that it was his aspiration to reduce the number of MOD civil servants by 10% within this Parliament.
Does the Secretary of State recognise and welcome that aspiration?
Yes, and I trust that the hon.
Gentleman does too.
The Veterans Minister and I recently visited Bournemouth War Memorial Homes, a specialist social housing provider for veterans in my constituency.
Will the Minister outline what the Government are doing to support housing providers to buy or build homes for heroes across our country?