As I have mentioned, we have hit the ground running in a number of respects, including the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance since the 1970s.
On investment in health and social care, I just point out that the £26 billion the Chancellor allocated to the Department of Health and Social Care alone at the Budget dwarfed what the Liberal Democrats promised in their manifesto.
I know  that not all the funding decisions the Chancellor and the Government have made in the last six months for the desperately needed investment in our public services have been popular, but I respectfully say to people who disagree with the decisions the Chancellor has made that they need to spell out which services they would cut or which other taxes they would increase, because those are the choices.
We have made our choices; we stand by them.
What people cannot do is welcome the investment but not say how they would fund it if they oppose what we have done.
The Prime Minister, the Chancellor and the entire Government have been willing to make unpopular choices in the last six months because we believe they are the right choices to get Britain out of the hole it was left in by our predecessors.
People will not thank us for resorting to the short-termist, sticking-plaster, government-by-gimmick politics that plagued this House during the last Parliament.
I turn to some of the other issues that the hon.
Lady mentioned.
We will make further proposals on urgent and emergency care reform.
I want to take the best of the NHS to the rest of the NHS, whether it is “hear and treat” over-the-phone triage—a more appropriate community response that is often faster than ambulance response times—or getting ambulances and ambulance handover speeded up at all our hospitals with the “release to respond” approach.
We have seen that working successfully in some parts of the country, but it needs to be consistently rolled out.
The hon.
Lady talked about patient choice for those who are digitally disconnected or do not want to organise their lives around their smartphones.
That is why I believe very strongly in choice—different courses for different horses.
Those of us who do not book appointments over the phone free up the line so that those who prefer doing their business and booking appointments by phone can get through.
The hon.
Lady asked us to fast-track the social care work.
The first phase of Louise Casey’s commission will report next year, but we are of course willing to talk to parties across the House about how we move forward.
The hon.
Lady urges us to set up an urgent and emergency care taskforce.
Let me reassure her that the Minister of State for Health my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth)  and I have every week—and often more frequently—convened health and care leaders virtually and in the Department to keep a grip on what is going on, to provide as much central support as possible, and to respond to crises as they emerge.
If only that was just about setting up a taskforce.
We already have one; what we need is sustained improvement from one year to the next
and that is what we are determined to deliver.
rose— May I suggest that we help each other by asking short questions—with short, punchy answers, I am sure?
Ben Coleman will set a good example.
Mr Speaker, I take that personally, in a positive way.
This is a very encouraging statement.
It is great to start the new year with some good news and to be so clear that we are keeping our promises as a Government.
It is also very good that we are taking the necessary  time to create this cross-party consensus on social care while keeping the show so firmly on the road.
Carers will be supported to carry out more health tasks, as they do already in my constituency with wound dressing and medicine management.
The problem is they do not have any possibility of career progression.
[Interruption.]
I am sorry, Mr Speaker, I forgot your initial encouragement; I will bring this to a close.
Does the Secretary of State agree that as carers are encouraged to do more health tasks, they need proper opportunities for career progression even within the NHS, in collaboration with local authorities?
Brevity was not my hon.
Friend’s new year’s resolution, but at your encouraging, Mr Speaker, it is mine.
We will provide more training to care professionals to deliver a wider range of tasks in the home, making better use of their skills and the career progression that my hon.
Friend describes.
Crucially, that career progression must be in status and in pay.
That is what we will work with the staff to deliver.