There were reports over the weekend of NATO worries that the UK is not contributing enough to the European defensive shield.
That leaves us vulnerable to a missile attack.
I hear what the Minister has said about the strategic defence review, but what assurance can he provide that he will look at our defence spending commitments with sufficient speed to provide good enough defence for our country?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise the capability gaps that this Government inherited from the Government she served in.
The strategic defence review is looking at those capability gaps and at what is needed to protect ourselves and our allies in the future.
When that is set out later in the spring, she will be able to see how we plan to address those gaps, ensuring that we support British industry while also addressing the security challenges that we and our allies face.
As a great supporter of the British-American alliance, I am disappointed to have to ask this question, but, given some of the recent tweets from people associated with the incoming US Administration, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the UK’s exposure of our defence capabilities, given that there may be some changes in the White House?
The US is the closest ally of this country, and this country is the closest security ally of the US.
That has been for case the decades—it has withstood the ups and downs of the political cycle on both sides of the Atlantic—and we as a Government will work closely with the incoming US Administration.
Defence spend with Northern Ireland small and medium-sized enterprises last year accounted for only £3 million.
What will the Secretary of State and the Minister do to proactively increase that spend with Northern Ireland SMEs?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I hope that our defence industrial strategy, in enabling SMEs to access contracts and work for the MOD more easily, will increase that number substantially.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss the figures for the incidence of blood cancers and sarcomas in veterans and current service personnel who have crewed particular military helicopters?
Given the concerns around exposure to exhaust fumes and the importance that we place on safety, the MOD is this month initiating the testing of the exhaust emissions of in-service helicopters to ensure that we are meeting our duty of care for personnel.
Nevertheless, I would also like to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the issue further.
Following the Christmas day attack on Finnish sea cables, what assessment has the Defence Secretary made of the threat to British interconnectors?
Which individual Minister is ultimately responsible for their security?
The Finnish investigation into what caused the damage to the Estlink 2 cable is continuing, but many analysts conclude that it is likely that the Eagle S was the cause.
That reinforces the case for Operation Nordic Warden, which I confirmed to the House in response to an earlier question.
It is being run from the Northwood standing joint forces headquarters and will cover a number of areas of interest, including areas where we have British undersea cables.
I recently visited HMS Swiftsure at Rosyth in my constituency, a former Royal Navy submarine now being safely and securely dismantled and recycled by Babcock, as a pilot project of the submarine dismantling programme.
Will the Minister provide an update on the programme, which could secure hundreds of jobs in Dunfermline and Dollar by dealing with similar submarines at Rosyth over the coming decades?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that despite the fact we have had nuclear submarines since 1980, we have never dismantled one, so there is a lot of work to be done.
What is happening with Swiftsure is very encouraging and will hopefully provide many jobs in dismantling nuclear submarines.
I hope my hon.
Friend will be happy with that reply.
We now come to the first statement.
I am sure there must be something left to say.
A happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to everyone across the House.
With your permission, I will give an update on health and adult social care reform.
I start by paying tribute to the NHS and social care staff who worked throughout the Christmas break, including by staffing our hospitals, ambulance services, care homes and call centres on Christmas day and throughout the new year.
From visiting hospitals and residential care homes in the south-west of England, Essex, London, South Yorkshire and the north-west over the past two weeks, I know the extent of the pressures they are dealing with.
They are going above and beyond to keep the NHS standing, to provide people with the social care they need and to give patients and care users the best care they possibly can against the most challenging backdrop.
We have seen more than three times as many patients hospitalised with flu this winter compared with last year, in a service with no slack left to give.
Since coming into office, the Government have been doing everything we can to prepare the NHS for winter, including by ending the resident doctors’ strikes.
This is the first winter in three years when staff are on the frontline, not the picket line.
The Chancellor made an additional £1.8 billion available in-year to fill the black hole left by the previous Government, and we introduced the new respiratory syncytial virus vaccine to protect more than 1.2 million people against the virus.
But I am not going to pretend for a second that the experience of patients this winter is acceptable.
The Government have been honest about the state of the NHS since the election, and we will continue to be.
The NHS is broken but not beaten.
It will take time to fix, but it can be done.
That is why the Chancellor made an additional £1.8 billion available in-year to fill the black hole left by the previous Government and to enable us to deliver on our first steps to cut NHS waiting times.
That is why we are undertaking fundamental reform, and it is why we are acting on social care.
These are the honest facts.
The social care system in this country is failing, leaving hundreds of thousands of disabled and elderly people without the care they need.
The failure of social care is piling enormous pressures on the NHS.
In November, more than 12,400 hospital patients a day were well enough to leave but had to stay overnight because they were not able to be discharged.
We have an ageing society: by 2050, there will be 4 million more people aged 65 and over in England.
If we do nothing, social care costs are expected to double over two decades.
Of course, there is plenty of blame to go around.
In 2009, when Andy Burnham established cross-party talks on social care, the Conservatives pulled out and leaked details of the talks to attack Labour.
In 2017, it was Labour who torpedoed Theresa May’s proposals.
And in 2022,  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak)  as Chancellor delayed Boris Johnson’s  cap on care costs, and then defunded them as Prime Minister.
There has not been a shortage of good ideas in the past 15 years, but a lack of good politics.
It is time all of us across the House do things differently.
I have written to my opposite numbers and the leaders of all UK-wide parties represented in the House to invite them to help break out of the cycle of political failure.
I hope all of us across the House will put aside our ideological and partisan differences, and work together on this, to finally find a way through to a long-term plan that can build the broad consensus we need.
We do not need to agree on everything, but in April we will launch an independent commission on building a national care service.
I am delighted that it will be headed by one of our country’s leading social reformers, and Whitehall’s greatest doer, Baroness Louise Casey.
Baroness Casey has served Labour, Conservative and Liberal Democrat Governments.
She is a trusted, independent figure, who will take views from all parties and, crucially, the public as she seeks to build a cross-party and national consensus on the future of social care.
She will get things done.
Her first report will be published next year, making a series of recommendations that can be implemented straight away throughout this Parliament, and her final report will come later in this Parliament.
In the meantime, we are stabilising the social care system today.
We have legislated for the first ever fair pay agreement for social care, to tackle the workforce crisis—the 131,000 vacancies we see today.
In the Budget, the Chancellor provided the biggest increase in carer’s allowance since the 1970s, worth £2,300 a year to family carers, and an extra £3.7 billion for local authorities.
On Friday, I visited the home of Keith and Elaine in Carlisle.
I saw at first hand how extended doorways and the installation of accessible kitchen and bathroom facilities have changed their lives, thanks to the disabled facilities grant, allowing them to live with renewed dignity, independence and happiness.
That is why I announced last week the immediate release of £86 million through the disabled facilities grant, to provide an extra 7,800 home adaptations before April, changing the lives of thousands more disabled people for the better, just as Keith and Elaine have experienced.
We are not hanging around on reform either.
We are introducing new standards to help people who use care, their families and providers to choose the most effective new technology as it comes on the market.
We are joining up care and medical records, so NHS and care staff have the full picture they need to provide the best possible care.
And we are training care workers to perform more health interventions to help people stay well and at home.
A lot done, a huge amount more to do and, if this House gets this right, the best is yet to come.
Turning to the elective reform plan the Prime Minister has launched today, the Government inherited NHS waiting lists at 7.6 million.
The NHS standard, that patients should wait no longer than 18 weeks for treatment, has not been met for a decade.
Millions of patients are forced to put their lives on hold while they wait.
In his investigation, Lord Darzi listed the causes of this crisis: the undoing of new Labour’s reforms, the disastrous top-down reorganisation, and slashing GPs and community health services, all of which have led to a dramatic drop in hospital productivity.
Lord Darzi has diagnosed the condition; now this Labour Government are prescribing the cure.
In November, the Prime Minister set out the Government’s plan for change—a plan to dig this country out of the hole it was left in and an act of resistance against the status quo of managed decline.
It committed to cutting maximum waiting times from 18 months today to 18 weeks by the end of this Parliament.
Today, we are setting out how we will hit that ambitious target, so that once again the NHS is there for us when we need it.
This will demand faster improvement than even the last Labour Government achieved.
That means doing things differently.
It had to be a plan for investment and reform.
Investment and reform is what Labour promised before the election.
Investment and reform is what we are delivering.
Our elective reform plan will cut waste and inefficiency, ramp up the number of appointments, scans and operations that the NHS performs, and give NHS patients greater choice, control and convenience.
Any patient using the NHS can see the waste and inefficiency in the service when they use it.
Staff feel it holding them back every day.
When the Government announced significant investment in the Budget, I said that it would come with reform, so that every pound was well spent, and here it is.
Resources will be diverted from hospitals to GPs, to get hundreds of thousands more patients cared for faster in the community.
Patients will have the choice of whether they want or need follow-up appointments, saving a million pointless appointments a year.
GPs will be able to directly refer patients for tests and scans, cutting out the middle man and speeding up diagnoses for patients across a wide range of conditions.
For years, restaurants have been texting customers reminders of their bookings, giving them the chance to cancel or rearrange, to cut down on no-shows.
The NHS will learn from the hospitality sector, do the same for patients, and cut around a million missed appointments every year as a result.
In opposition, we said that investment in new and more productive ways of working would make a significant dent in waiting times.
Today, we are announcing 17 new and expanded surgical hubs to run like Formula 1 pitstops and bust through the backlog.
Community diagnostic centres will open at evenings and weekends so that patients do not have to take a time off work for their appointment, and can get diagnosed faster.
We are rewarding trusts that cut waiting times fastest with extra capital investment as an incentive, and we are publishing a new agreement with the independent sector—the first of its kind for 25 years—to cut waiting times.
Over the past 14 years, a two-tier healthcare system emerged in this country.
People who can afford it are increasingly going private to skip the queue, while those who cannot are left behind.
Working people are going into debt, and others are running fundraisers to pay to get an operation.
Those stories belong in pre-war Britain.
They should shame the Conservative party.
I am determined to end two-tier healthcare in this country, so that whether you are the richest or poorest person in Britain, you get timely, quality treatment, free at the point of use.
This new agreement will see more NHS patients able to choose to be treated in a private hospital where there is capacity, paid for by the state.
More capacity will be available for people in working-class areas of the country, and for women stuck on gynaecology waiting lists.
Where we can treat working people faster, we will, and we make no apology for doing so.
Working-class patients in this country deserve the same choice, control and convenience as the wealthy expect—indeed, as we all expect from other apps and services that we use every day, but not the NHS.
That is why we are also modernising the NHS app to put patients in the driving seat for their own care.
If customers can choose when their Deliveroo meal will arrive, and be kept informed until it is dropped off, why should patients not be afforded the same service by the NHS?
With this plan, they will be.
Patients will be able to manage their appointments, book tests and scans, view results as soon as they are ready, and choose where they will be treated.
We will cut down on letters that arrive in the post after an appointment, and give power back to the patient.
In the past six months, we have ended the resident doctors’ strike and invested billions more in our health service, with the biggest investment in hospices and end of life care for a generation.
We are delivering investment and reform in general practice to fix the front door to the NHS and bring back the family doctor, and we have started to get NHS waiting lists falling.
This plan for investment and reform will press down harder on the accelerator and will change our NHS and the experience of millions of patients.
It will put the NHS on the road to recovery, and I commend this statement to the House.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his typical courtesy in early sight of his statement, as well for his call last week.
Indeed, it was earlier sight than I am used to because I was able to read most of it in the media before coming here, which was not unhelpful.
I echo the Secretary of State’s comments in thanking and paying tribute to NHS and social care staff up and down the country, including those in my university hospitals of Leicester NHS trust, GPs and, indeed, all those in Chorley hospital, Mr Speaker, for all they have done over the festive period.
They work full-on day in, day out every day of the year, but they particularly feel the pressure over the festive period when they are not able to spend it with their families, so it is important that we across the Chamber share our recognition of that.