The Secretary of State said that his aim is to ensure that Ukraine is in the “strongest possible position”, but for what?
Does he intend to support Ukraine in commanding her internationally recognised borders or to ensure that the de facto border, which excludes Donbas and Crimea, becomes a more permanent feature?
Quite simply, our job as the UK is to support Ukraine in its fight and, if and when it decides to talk, to support it in any negotiations.
It is the Ukrainians who are fighting; it is the Ukrainians who decide when to start talking; and it is for the Ukrainians to decide on what terms they may start talking.
What steps he is taking to ensure that SMEs are able to participate in AUKUS procurement.
The AUKUS partnership will create new contract opportunities for hundreds of small and medium-sized firms.
It will create 7,000 new jobs both in UK shipyards and across the UK supply chain.
As the Secretary of State knows, under the defence equipment plan about half of MOD expenditure is on equipment, with around 40% of that going overseas.
What impact does the Secretary of State think that the Government’s abolition of business property relief and the massive increase in national insurance will have on UK SMEs’ ability to compete in the defence sector with our AUKUS allies following the previous Government’s signing of that agreement?
It is certainly the case, as the right hon.
Gentleman rightly recognises, that in government the Conservatives were too often largely blind to where British firms were based and to where the contracts that they were ready to award went.
This Government have come into power committed not just to strengthening UK security but to boosting the UK economy.
That means designing, making and buying more in Britain.
What his target date is for increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP.
The Government are delivering for defence by increasing defence spending.
There is already £3 billion extra for next year, and a commitment to setting a path to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence in the spring.
It is all very well spending 2.5% of GDP on defence, but we have to spend it on the right kit.
Over the weekend I noted a story about our NATO allies being frustrated with Britain for not investing in appropriate missile defence systems.
As the Secretary of State meets his 2.5% commitment, will he commit to investing in surface-to-air missiles, precision and hypersonic missile systems, DragonFire laser systems and counter-drone blocking technology to ensure that the British Army is the most advanced and able in the western world?
The UK has for many years been one of the highest spenders on defence in NATO.
We continue to hold that proud record.
Increasing spending this year will mean that Britain continues to be one of the highest spenders in NATO.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that the last time this country spent 2.5% on defence was in 2010 under the previous Labour Government—a level of defence spending that was not matched once during the 14 years in which his party was in government.
We come to the Chair of the Defence Committee.
On defence spending, I am glad that UK-based defence firms will be prioritised for Government investment under the defence industrial strategy, which should boost British jobs in constituencies such as Slough and help to strengthen national security, but major defence programmes are currently in disarray, with only two out of 49 on time and on budget.
What actions are the Government taking to fix the waste and mismanagement in the system?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Everyone agrees that more needs to be spent on defence to meet the increasing threats.
He asks why only two out of 49 of the major defence projects are on time and on budget.
That question may best be directed at the shadow Defence Secretary,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , who was responsible for exactly that up until the election six months ago.
There is of course a question about how much we spend, but there is also a challenge in how well we spend it.
The shadow Armed Forces Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , was one of the strongest critics of the previous Government and of what he described as the “broken” procurement system.
We are getting a grip of MOD budgets, driving deep reform in defence and ensuring that we reduce the waste and delay in procurement contracts.