The Minister has already referred to his successful £6 billion deal to repurchase the MOD housing estate from Annington.
It will give members of our armed forces the opportunity to have their homes refurbished, which they have longed for, for a very long time.
Has he managed to persuade the Treasury that he will need to provide further funds to pump-prime these improvements?
If so, how will he strengthen the hitherto very poor management of our military housing estate?
As part of our new defence housing strategy, we will look at how we will manage that estate as a whole and whether we will do it completely differently.
As part of the SDR, we will look at how we will pump-prime some of that to get building back across the whole defence estate, bearing in mind that there are 36,000 houses and some of them have been in situ for about 50 years and will need to be knocked down and rebuilt.
Under the previous arrangement between the Ministry of Defence and Annington, £100 million was released for accommodation upgrades in the first seven years of that arrangement.
What due diligence was carried out ahead of the sale?
What additional investment will be made in the married quarters that the Government have brought back into the MOD’s ownership?
This is one of the best deals that defence has done in a long time.
It has bought back 36,000 homes, saving the taxpayer £600,000 a day or £230 million over a year.
We are in discussions with the Treasury now about where that money goes and how it will be used in the future, but I assure the hon.
Member that the rebuild plan will be within the defence housing strategy as part of the SDR.
Since October 2023, more than 5,000 Afghans eligible for support via the Afghan relocations and assistance policy have been moved into Ministry of Defence service families accommodation—both transitional and then settled service families accommodation—under Operation Lazurite.
How many SFA houses in the defence estate are currently being used to house Afghan families?
What is the plan for their onward movement once their three-year eligibility for settled service families accommodation has elapsed?