The Secretary of State and the Minister have put Britain’s military production capability at the heart of the Government’s support for Ukraine.
I wonder what opportunities the Minister spies for transatlantic co-operation in that regard.
May I make a special plea that the whole defence team discuss plans for developing our industrial capacity with regional mayors so that jobs and factories can be set up and developed around the country, including in regions like my own?
It is vital that we continue to support Ukraine and build our industrial capacity in the United Kingdom and across the NATO alliance to ensure that Ukraine can fight not only tonight but tomorrow.
Part of that is about increasing the industrial supply of not just UK manufacturers but indigenous manufacturers within Ukraine itself.
Building that greater industrial capacity is something that the Government take seriously.
That is why the Secretary of State and the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry have published the outline of the defence industrial strategy.
We will continue to work with partners at both national and international level—and additionally at a regional and local level—to ensure that we have the industrial capacity and skills required to restock our own supply and continue to support Ukraine.
What steps he plans to take through the defence industrial strategy to increase support for defence sector SMEs.
We are delivering for defence, boosting spending by £3 billion in real terms this coming financial year.
I hope that more of our procurement spend can go to SMEs.
The defence industrial strategy will set the conditions to unlock the full potential of SMEs, to seize future opportunities and ensure the growth and resilience of our defence manufacturing base, providing more good jobs in every nation and region.
The North East Technology Park in Sedgefield is home to many innovative defence businesses, producing satellite technology and biological and radiation detection equipment that is used by our allies across the world.
Those businesses proudly contract directly with the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency, NASA, the American Defense Department and other allied Governments, but too often they struggle with MOD procurement rules, which exclude SMEs.
Will the Minister meet me and NETPark businesses to discuss how to remove the red tape that hits small businesses in my constituency and across the country that are designing and producing innovative defence supplies?
First, I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and his North East Technology Park businesses as soon as possible.
The Government recognise that SMEs face particular challenges, which I want to address.
Through the defence industrial strategy we will reduce barriers to entry and foster a more diverse community of suppliers, including non-traditional SMEs and those that are developing future technologies.
We will also send a clear market signal about our preference to grow onshore production capability.
As part of the defence industrial strategy, does the Minister of State recognise the link between successful defence vehicle manufacturing, such as Rheinmetall BAE Systems Land manufacturing the Challenger 3 tank in my constituency, and the onshoring of barrel technology and defence engineering?
Does she recognise the link between that skills cluster and the importance of companies such as RBSL having a future in manufacturing not just vehicles but barrels?
I look forward to her visit to my constituency in the coming days.
I do not disagree at all.
I look forward to visiting the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency
and to seeing the potential of firms.
He is completely correct that clusters of excellence and skill are the way forward.
I look forward to visiting his constituency shortly.
The defence sector supports one in 60 of our jobs in this country—more than 400,000 well-paid jobs that are central to this Government’s growth mission and to our nation’s security.
However, the majority of those jobs are outside London and the south-east.
Therefore, growth and—crucially—engagement with defence and security are inhibited for young people in constituencies such as mine.
Will the Minister confirm that the key ambition of our defence industrial strategy will be to broaden access to the defence sector in every region, including constituencies such as mine?
I am happy to accept that point, and I agree.
Plenty of jobs and skills will be needed around the country in every nation and region, so that we improve matters everywhere.
Christmas came early for the UK defence industry when Spain placed an order for 25 Eurofighters on  20 December , and Italy followed suit on the 24th.
But there is still nothing from the UK Government on the 25 Typhoon jets that are needed for the RAF.
Will the Minister spread some  festive cheer into the new year, and give us an update on where the Government are with placing that order for 25 Typhoon fighter jets—a delayed Christmas present for the UK defence industry and the RAF?
I recognise the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
It is certainly true that exports are important, in addition to production for our own use.
We are working very hard on the export campaigns.
I cannot say any more than that at present, but I can assure him that we are working very hard.
The rest of our spend on such matters is part of the SDR.
Once that is completed, there will be conclusions.
It might not be a Christmas present—I do not know when his birthday is—but a present some time later.