The Secretary of State set out clearly the challenges facing the system.
We all know that clinical care, the NHS and social care must work well and as a whole for our health and care system to function, so it is right that his statement addresses both those issues.
He also highlighted the challenges we face as an ageing society.
We are all living longer, which is a good thing, but that brings challenges of care and more complex needs.
Of course, that comes on top of the ongoing challenges of the legacy of the pandemic, which are still with us in many ways.
In his comments, the Secretary of State referred to previous reforms.
He opted not to reflect another point in Lord Darzi’s report: his positive remarks about our 2022 reforms, which the Secretary of State knows I took through this House and which laid the foundations on which he is now able to build.
Given the serious and cross-party work we have done certainly on social care, I highlight that the challenge is real, and we must address both challenges swiftly.
Before turning to the long term, I turn to the immediate and ask the Secretary of State a few questions about winter and the challenges the NHS is facing.
We heard from the Minister before Christmas about the work being done for extra co-ordination and new data, but what extra capacity in beds specifically for the winter period has the Secretary of State put in place to help ease pressure?
What additional capacity has he put into A&E?
We always recognised that winter is challenging, and we always put in extra resource, support and capacity, so I would be grateful for an update.
I would be grateful for an update from the Secretary of State on the pressure being felt in respect of the “quad-demic” of various challenges faced by the sector.
Also, how many critical incidents have trusts declared since  1 December ?
I would be grateful if he could update us on the pressures being felt and the response to them in the light of the winter weather.
In my Melton and Syston constituency in Leicestershire and in many constituencies across the country, we have seen extensive flooding, which has had an impact on our ambulance services in particular.
Turning to reform and elective recovery, I want to support the Secretary of State where he is doing the right thing, and it is important that he is keen to pursue a bold and innovative agenda.
It is in all our interests that he is bold, but I call for him to be more ambitious.
Those are not words often spoken about him, and I suspect certainly not in No. 10, but I call for him to be bolder and to go further.
That is because, as with so much from the Prime Minister with multiple relaunches of previous announcements, what we see here is yet another relaunch of a previous announcement.
The difference is the former Secretary of State Sir Sajid Javid’s announcement from 2022 has been reheated and re-served up today.
We delivered 160 community diagnostic centres with 9 million additional appointments, and we delivered 18 surgical hubs.
How will the Secretary of State’s plan go beyond that?
We worked with the independent sector to allow it to be used to help tackle backlogs.
We improved technology and the kit available, with £6 billion of investment.
The NHS app created during the pandemic was designed and redesigned by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Cambridgeshire (Steve Barclay)  and his team to allow for regular updates.
Again, it is right that the Secretary of State is updating the app, but how is he radically changing what was already in place?
I certainly already receive text updates—as, I suspect, do others—on treatments and appointments, so my challenge to the Secretary of State is this: what is he doing that is fundamentally different?
The key underpinning point in the former Secretary of State’s plan was on workforce, because none of this can be delivered without the staff to deliver and interpret tests.
He set out his plan to grow the workforce, and we have record numbers of doctors and nurses, and increased medical school places.
What is this Secretary of State’s plan to grow the workforce and deliver on his ambitions?
Turning to social care, the Secretary of State will know—because I have said it publicly—that I will work constructively with him and the commission.
He is right to highlight the challenges that Governments of all complexions have faced, including a Royal Commission, two Green Papers and a comprehensive spending review  that did not deliver under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown.
Similarly, Theresa May’s reforms did not deliver.
We proposed reforms that were due to come in this year, but the Chancellor scrapped them.
I think it is important that we look to the future and at how we can work constructively on social care.
I say to the Secretary of State that we will enter into discussions with him and the commission in that spirit, but I challenge him on the pace of his ambitions.
The sector is already under pressure, and that has been added to by the national insurance increases, which it does not yet know how it will pay.
The real challenge for him is: why 2028?
The sector is crying out for a faster pace—be bolder; be more ambitious—and we will work with him to deliver it.
It takes a year-plus to deliver a diagnosis—we know the challenges.
He has had 14 years in opposition; he should have a plan now.
We will call out the Secretary of State when he gets it wrong or simply re-announces what is already happening, but he is right in his approach to social care and finding a way forward, and we will work constructively for the good of patients and all our constituents.
Many of them already feel let down by promises broken by the Labour party over just the past six months, so I ask him not to break this promise, and to work with us, across the House, to deliver the change that our constituents deserve and expect us to work on together to deliver.
It seems to be the Conservative line across the board now to say, “You’ve had 14 years in opposition, so why haven’t you sorted it all out in six months?”
I say gently that the Conservatives had 14 years in government, and it will take longer than six months to clean up their mess.
Honestly, their contributions to discussions in this House might have more credibility and a stronger landing zone if they at least acknowledged their part in the deep mess and malaise that they have created over the past 14 years.
None the less, on social care, I very sincerely and warmly welcome the Conservative party’s support for the independent commission.
It is important, as a matter of principle, to try to establish in broad terms the level of consensus about what social care should look like and how it should be delivered to meet the needs of older and disabled people in the 21st century, with changing demography, changing challenges, changing pressures and a changing pace of technology, and about the balance of provision between the individual, the family and the state, and the balance of financial contributions for social care between the individual, the family and the state.
Of course, those issues will inevitably be contested across the party political divide from one election to the next, but just as we have had broad consensus on the national health service since 1948, just as we have had broad consensus on state education since Rab Butler’s reforms, and just as we have mostly had broad consensus for much of the past century on how public services should be delivered, so too should we try to establish the same consensus on social care.
That is not to say that we should agree on everything, but we should agree on as much as possible, because whether it was Gordon Brown and Andy Burnham in 2010 or Theresa May in 2017, we can see the extent to which party political wrangling, rancour and sometimes opportunism has sunk well-meaning attempts to grasp the nettle of reform.
On the question of pace, I reassure people that in our first six months we have already legislated for fair pay agreements, delivered the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance since the 1970s, and immediately injected £86 million into the disabled facilities grant, with another £86 million to follow from April—£711 million in total over the next year—as well as the increased spending power for local government in the Budget and £880 million for social care specifically.
With respect to the people who are saying, “Go faster”, I urge them to bear in mind that we have already done quite a lot in six months.
We do not pretend that we have solved all the problems—we have not nearly solved all the problems—but that is not a bad start for a Government who are determined to show that we understand the pressures in social care today and are willing to deliver.
The Dilnot proposals were very good technical responses to a question that Andrew Dilnot was set by David Cameron, but we should reflect on why it was that every single Prime Minister since Lord Cameron, including Lord Cameron himself, did not implement those reforms.
There has always been something else in health and social care that has been more pressing and urgent.
I am sure that Baroness Casey will consider the Dilnot proposals alongside all the other challenges and potential solutions to the wider issues in social care, but we are determined to respond at pace.
That is why the first phase of the Casey commission will report next year, setting out an action plan throughout this Parliament.
I hope that we can achieve broad consensus on those actions too.
Turning to the winter situation, the right hon.
Gentleman has asked what capacity there is.
According to the latest figures, there are 1,300 more acute beds this year than last year.
Of course, those figures flex up and down depending on pressures, but the pressures are enormous.
The number of beds occupied by flu patients is much higher than this time last year—somewhere between three and four times higher.
The number of adult beds closed due to norovirus has reduced in the latest figures, but it is still above last year, when 485 beds were closed—the latest figure is 666.
On ambulance responses, we have seen many more call-outs this year.
There has been a 3.8% increase in emergency admissions compared with the same period last year, with the highest November on record for A&E attendances.
Ambulance response times are nowhere near where we would want them to be because of the enormity of the pressure, which is why I have been out on the frontline, including over the Christmas period.
We are not just looking at what we can do to mitigate challenges this year; we are already beginning to plan for next year, because I want to see year-on-year continuous improvement in urgent and emergency care.
I now turn to the challenges on the reform plans we have proposed and set out today.
Starting with the workforce, one of the reasons we have emphasised the importance of not just investment but reform is the need to free up the staff capacity that we already have in the NHS to best effect.
That means dealing with the number of non-attendances by sending reminders to patients and giving them ease and convenience in rebooking.
It is why we are getting rid of unnecessary, low-clinical-value out-patient appointments, with the consent of patients in every case.
It is why we are asking general practitioners to do more to manage cases in the community with  more advice and guidance, and funding them to do so, working with colleagues in secondary care to ease pressure on hospitals.
Today’s reform plan answers the challenge we have heard from people across the NHS: how do we tackle the elective backlog without doing so at the expense of general practice, urgent and emergency care, community care or social care?
The truth is that this is a systemic challenge, and we will only be able to deal with the challenge in the elective backlog by also acting on urgent and emergency care, general practice, community care, and delayed discharges in social care.
We are taking a system-wide approach to meeting this essential target.
A number of things are different from under the previous Government.
For example, on the deal with those in the independent sector, giving them the stability and certainty of working with this Government gives them the confidence to open and invest in new capital estate and new kit, particularly in parts of the country that are relatively underserved by the independent sector.
We have insisted they do that with their own staff and resources, and that they put their money where their mouth is in relation to training new staff to deal with some of those pressures.
That is how we will ensure that we will not be taking Peter from the NHS hospital to treat Paul up the road at the independent hospital.
Finally—I am happy to take more questions on the detail of the plan—the shadow Secretary of State asked what is different from 2022?
In fact, I think he asked me to commend my predecessor Sir Sajid Javid for his work in 2022.
In the bipartisan spirit of the new year, let me commend the work that he and Sir Sajid Javid did in trying to undo Lord Lansley’s disastrous top-down reorganisation, and that was a very good thing to do.
There will be a very big difference between this Government and our Conservative predecessors: real delivery, shorter waiting times and an NHS fit for the future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that his plan to transform adult social care services has already started with Labour’s Employment Rights Bill ensuring that social care workers will get fair national pay and conditions, and increased access to training and progression?
Does he further agree that we will never have a quality social care service in this country if we do not value the people delivering it properly, as this Labour Government intend to do?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely rightly.
The Employment Rights Bill, introduced in our first 100 days, contains provisions for a new fair pay agreement for care workers, and who better to be leading the charge on that than the care worker turned Deputy Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) .