The Secretary of State says that publication has not been pushed back, but I remind the House that at the previous Defence questions on  18 November  last year, the Secretary of State was asked specifically about SDR timing and said: “The reviewers will report in the spring.”—[Official
Report,  18 November 2024 ; Vol. 757, c. 4.]
However, in a written answer to me on  17 December —just before the House rose—a Defence Minister said: “The Reviewers will make their final report to the Prime Minister, Chancellor of the Exchequer and Defence Secretary in the first half of 2025.
The Secretary of State for Defence will subsequently report the Strategic Defence Review to Parliament.”
If the first part is in the first six months of the year, even I can see that the second part, which is subsequent to that, will happen in the second half of the year.
That is not the spring, is it?
We are dancing on the head of a pin here—the spring is in the first half of the year.
I think the hon.
Gentleman should take my words to this House and to him, which have been consistent that the strategic defence review will report in the spring.
It will report directly to the Prime Minister, to the Chancellor and to me, and I will update the House directly.
We will also set out our clear path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence in the spring.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
What steps he is taking to support veterans.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
Congratulations, Minister, on the DSO.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
This Government have already taken swift action to demonstrate our commitment to renew this nation’s contract with those who have served.
We have awarded £3.7 million in veterans’ housing grants, veterans will be exempt from the local connection test for social housing in England, and veteran cards are now accepted ID for elections.
We have launched a £75 million LGBT financial redress scheme; Op Fortitude, Op Courage and Op Restore are all progressing at pace; and we are currently reviewing how we can make veterans’ support more institutionally resilient.
This demonstrates that we have a bias for action, and this Government are delivering for defence.
Last year, I had the pleasure of meeting Tim Latter, a Royal Navy veteran and owner of Grindhouse gym in Tatenhill.
After facing his own mental health challenges, Tim set up that gym and launched Project I Got Your Six, which is an inspiring fitness coaching programme designed for the military, but also a way for people to talk openly about their mental health.
What steps are this Government taking to support veterans with their mental health after their service?
Perhaps the Minister would like to meet Tim with me, to see the amazing work he does.