May I wish a happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, to Members and to constituents in North Somerset?
Morale in our military hit record lows under the last Government, and I am proud that this Government have already delivered the largest pay rise for the forces  in more than 20 years.
Does the Minister agree that this housing deal is the next practical step in the action that this Government are delivering to improve service lives for dedicated personnel?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I have lived in some of the accommodation and I have seen how bad it is, and this deal will allow us to change that.
Over time we will have a chance, saving £230 million a year, to give the people who serve this country the deal they deserve when it comes to housing.
During my service in the late ’80s, through the ’90s and into the early 2000s, I had the pleasure of having to live in military accommodation.
Its poor condition was discussed almost weekly.
Roll forward 20 years, and we are still having the same discussion.
Can Ministers please assure me that they will now seriously get a grip of that and, through the strategic defence review, give some clear programme delivery dates for when we will deliver for our forces?
Absolutely.
As part of the SDR, we will set out our new defence housing strategy.
We will look at how we take Annington, build on it and improve the housing available for those who serve in our armed forces.
As a member of a forces family, I welcome the Government’s landmark decision to renationalise service housing.
For too long, military families have been living in substandard accommodation.
How will the Minister ensure that this investment leads to tangible improvements?
In what timescales can our servicemen and servicewomen expect to see those improvements start?
We are buying back, we are breaking it down and we will build back up.
That will be part of a comprehensive plan across the country and across 36,000 homes over time.
It will look to deliver housing that is fit for those who serve and the family members who are often left behind when those individuals deploy.
I have absolute confidence that we will deliver that, in conjunction with independent bodies as well as those in defence.