At the Transport Committee in April, the Secretary of State admitted that under Labour’s watch, “waiting times for access to driving tests hit new highs.”
For all the talk of a new plan, she then admitted that the Government only aim to reduce driving test waiting times to seven weeks by “summer next year”.
That is no good for young people waiting, needing the freedom to drive to get to college or work now, is it?
When will the Government see the real urgency for real people and pick up the pace?
We are acting to fix the mess that the shadow Minister’s Government left behind.
Our seven-point plan is being implemented, and last month, the Secretary of State announced additional measures.
We are determined to succeed where the last Government failed.
I do not think the Minister has got the memo that she is in charge now.
The Government cannot hide behind the same old excuses and try to blame others, as average test volumes are now lower—on a month-by-month basis—than they were in the previous two years.
In quarter 1 alone, nearly 100,000 fewer tests were conducted than in the same period in 2024.
The average waiting time for a driving test in the UK sits at 22 weeks—over five months.
That is up from 17.1 weeks in July 2024 and 20.4 weeks in February 2025.
For all the Government’s promises, there has been no actual delivery.
Why has capacity not increased or, at the very least, stayed the same as when we were in charge?
The hon.
Gentleman is not listening.
We are implementing the seven-point plan, but turning around the mess and the problems that the Conservatives left us takes time.
I am determined that we will see the results, that waiting times will come down and that we will support learner drivers.
It cannot be done overnight when we are trying to fix 14 years of mess.
What recent discussions she has had with local authorities on pavement parking regulations.
When she plans to respond to the consultation entitled “Pavement parking: options for change”, published on 31 August 2020.
This Government are committed to publishing a formal response to the consultation and announcing the next steps for pavement parking as soon as possible.
We are currently considering the consultation outcome, including the views of many local authorities, and the options for tackling this nuisance.
Back in 2018, I had an Adjournment debate on pavement parking after meeting my then constituents Margaret and Laurel, who are both visually impaired.
They told me—in fact, they demonstrated to me—that pavement parking prevented them from using pavements safely, which undermined their independence and confidence, and put them at risk of injury.
My Blaydon and Consett constituents continue to raise this issue, but we saw little action under the last Government.
What progress has the Minister’s Department made on responding to the consultation and on providing guidance to local authorities?