There is no doubt that the Conservatives plunged our prisons into crisis.
[Interruption.]
They chunter from a sedentary position, but what else would they call it?
It is clear that the Government have failed to step up and tackle the sheer scale of the problem.
Across the country, victims and survivors are worried about what this will mean for them.
If there were a specific domestic abuse offence, dangerous offenders could be excluded from early release, but the Government have taken no action at all since the Liberal Democrats raised that solution with them last autumn.
Will the Minister finally commit to giving victims and survivors the protections that they deserve by creating new domestic abuse aggravated offences, and will he go further to protect our communities by introducing a clear plan to reduce reoffending, which is the only way to solve prison crowding once and for all?
If the Minister will not listen to me, will he listen to the Domestic Abuse Commissioner, who has just warned that lives are now at risk?
The hon.
Member will know that his colleague,  the hon.
Member for Chichester (Jess Brown-Fuller) , is working closely with the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , on getting things right for victims.
That is something we take very seriously, and it needs to be done properly, with victims, in order to get it right.
I hope that the independent sentencing review report will contain things that give us confidence about moving forward and about the way we work with victims.
The Conservatives appear to have forgotten quite a number of things, and I think it might be a good time to remind them.
Former Justice Secretary Chris Grayling’s disastrous partial privatisation of the Probation Service was overturned in 2019 after the number of serious offences—including rape and murder—committed by those on probation skyrocketed.
Does the Minister agree that we are seeing the long tail of Conservative failure, which overshadows everything that we must do now?
My hon.
Friend is right to remind the House of the chaos and turmoil that the Conservatives applied to our very important Probation Service when they were in government.
We are putting probation back together.
We have already brought 1,000 new probation officers on board, and we are committed to a further 1,300 in the coming year.
Mr Speaker, to pick up on your statement, for which I think the whole House will be grateful, I am sure that my Committee will take up your clear urging for us to look at the issue with regard to the ministerial code.
I know the Minister will agree that domestic abuse cannot be an issue to which lip service is paid in this House and then policies seem to neglect.
I make no apologies for returning to the views of the Domestic Abuse Commissioner for England and Wales, who issued a severe warning to the Lord Chancellor yesterday, commenting: “I cannot stress the lack of consideration for victims’ safety and how many lives are being put in danger because of this proposed change.”
Why does the Minister think the commissioner, with all her expertise and knowledge, has arrived at that conclusion?
We have great respect for the Victims’ Commissioner.
What would be letting down victims is if we allowed the prison system to get to a place where we cannot lock prisoners up—that would be unconscionable.
That is why it is important that we have taken these steps.
I remind the hon.
Member that we are excluding those prisoners who pose the most risk and are managed under MAPPA—multi-agency public protection arrangements—levels 2 and 3.
That means various agencies working together.
The exclusion also includes all those convicted of terrorist and national security crimes.
Proper action can be taken where agencies identify risk to move from a fixed-term recall to a standard recall.
Will the Minister tell me whether I am correct that when we entered office, there were fewer than 100 spaces left in our prisons—a terrible failure from the Conservative party?
Does he agree that instead of empty words and false promises to build prisons, this Government are getting on with the job?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
We faced a real emergency when we came into office.
It is unconscionable that any Government would do that to an incoming Government.
The previous Labour Government added 28,000 prison places in 13 years.
In their 14 years, the Conservative Government managed to add 500.
In 10 months we have already delivered 2,400 prison places.
Has the Ministry of Justice conducted an impact assessment for this policy?
If so, will it release that to the House as soon as possible?
If not, can the Lord Chancellor confirm how she knows what impact the policy will have on victims and the wider public?
We are always alert to the need to assess how policies apply to the wider public and victims.
That is important.
This situation is one of the most egregious examples of state failure and a consequence of the worst chaos and incompetence of the last 14 years.
The Lord Chancellor has been clear that, given current levels of demand, we cannot build our way out of this crisis.
Does the Minister agree that we have to be honest and do something different to ensure that we never again run out of prison places, including improving the existing prison estate and investing in the Probation Service, so that we can reduce reoffending and thereby reduce the pressure on prison places?
We are improving the prison estate and investing in probation, and there will also be actions coming forward from the independent sentencing review.
I agree with everything my hon.
Friend said.
Victims of domestic abuse, sexual abuse and stalking are now in fear, particularly those who live in rural areas, where tagging does not always work.
What particular measures will the Minister put in place to support victims in rural areas who are distant from probation officers and the police?
Anybody subject to a fixed-term recall will be recalled for 28 days, and if their risk is assessed as greater, they will be transferred to a standard recall.
The reality is that anybody affected by this has already served their time in prison; they are on licence, being properly monitored and effectively managed by the Probation Service.
The prison capacity crisis has been years in the making.
Does the Minister welcome the news that Wayland Prison in Norfolk has been granted planning permission just this week, by Breckland council’s planning committee, for a 25% increase in capacity, with 247 extra places?
That application alone represents 50% of the total places created under the last Government in 14 years.
Does he agree that this is further evidence of the Government delivering after years of inaction?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right to point to that planning application going forward.
It is excellent news, and shows that we are cracking on with the job.
Although the Government should have volunteered to defend their position, I accept, having held ministerial responsibility for the prison estate, that they had no good options at this point.
Does the Minister accept that the problem with what he is choosing to do is that the return to prison for breach of important licence conditions is there to be a deterrent, and if we reduce that deterrent, we run the risk of more people breaching licence conditions, which would make the overcrowding problem worse?
If he chooses that path, will he consider increasing the deterrent effect by ensuring that, following a 28-day return to prison, there are other restrictions on a prisoner’s freedom, such as electronic tagging?
I certainly hope that all those things will be looked at by the independent sentencing review.
The mandating of the 14-day fixed-term release  was a measure taken by the previous Government.
We are extending that to 28 days for sentences of up to four years because of the situation that we face, to ensure that we do not run out of prison places in the interim.
Like me, many residents across Filton and Bradly Stoke were rightly appalled last summer to discover the real situation left behind by the Conservative party.
When it comes to prisons, does the Minister agree that this is an opportunity for the Conservative party to apologise?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, and the House will have heard it.