On-street parking has an effect on our local roads.
In Kings Langley, my local high street is suffering significantly from the Liberal Democrat-led council imposing parking restrictions in a way that has caused confusion not just to businesses but to local residents.
Can the Minister give any guidance to Dacorum council on how to communicate better with residents to ensure that on-street parking is properly adhered to, but not to the detriment of our high streets?
I understand how important it is for people to access their high streets.
That issue obviously relates to parking, but it is also about the availability of active travel and public transport.
I am not going to dictate how local authorities should implement parking restrictions in their area; that is for them to decide.
We provide them with the powers and the resources, and it is for local people to decide what is right for their area.
The previous Government spent £250,000 on a study of the A259 coast road in my constituency, yet residents have seen no improvement whatever to the road.
The town of Newhaven is particularly badly affected; daily gridlock is affecting businesses and residents, to the detriment of the condition of the road.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we might work together to resolve the traffic crisis on the A259 in my constituency?
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to hear more about the issues affecting his constituents and to discuss what we may be able to do to support them so that they have an enhanced road network.
What steps she is taking to improve rail access to Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes constituency.
Subject to final industry planning, East Midlands Railway plans to introduce an all-day direct Nottingham-Cleethorpes service in December, improving connections at Lincoln for journeys to London.
The Rail Minister has been looking closely into possible direct trains between London and Cleethorpes, and looks forward to discussing that with my hon.
Friend at their upcoming meeting.
Local analysis shows that a direct service from Cleethorpes to London could deliver growth of over £30 million a year to our region.
As well as LNER, Grand Central has launched an application to  operate that service.
The project is backed by local businesses, industry and constituents.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that this train definitely leaves the station?
My hon.
Friend is a huge advocate for her constituency.
Any additional services will be dependent on funding from the spending review.
The Rail Minister will meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the proposals further, following the conclusion of the spending review.
The Department continues to review the application from Grand Central to introduce open-access services between London and Cleethorpes, and will provide its views to the regulator in due course.
Access to the rail network, however, is ultimately a decision for the regulator.
As the House will know, I have been raising the prospect of a direct service from Cleethorpes and Grimsby to King’s Cross since 2011.
Will the Minister give an absolute assurance that he and the Rail Minister will seriously consider the importance of that and actually deliver a service?
We do not mind whether it is run by LNER or Grand Central; we just want a direct service to boost the local economy.
As I said, a decision is ultimately a matter for the regulator.
Open access can provide benefits such as improved connectivity and choice for passengers, but it can also increase costs to taxpayers and create additional performance pressures on an already constrained network.
The Department will always look at applications on a case-by-case basis and feed into the regulator’s decision.
What recent progress her Department has made on constructing the lower Thames crossing.
In March, we took the decision to approve National Highways’ planning application for the lower Thames crossing, which is a big step forward for the project and ends decades of inaction by previous Governments.
Ahead of construction, my officials and National Highways are exploring all funding options, including private finance.
As with all capital projects, spending decisions are subject to the spending review process.