Thank you for squeezing me in, Mr Speaker.
Is the Secretary of State aware that to access the platform at Ash Vale station in my constituency, people have to go up multiple flights of steps, equivalent to two or three floors, making it all but impossible for many older people and disabled people to use the rail network?
Before she decides on how to allocate funding under the Access for All scheme in the spending review, will she or one of her Ministers visit Ash Vale, where we promise her a warm Surrey welcome?
That doesn’t always work.
I am aware that feasibility studies have been done on 50 Access for All stations, and we are reviewing the outcomes of those studies.
I apologise to the right hon.
Gentleman for not knowing whether that station in his constituency is one of those 50.
I promise him that I will talk to officials about the matter.
In Chorley’s case, work started but it has still not been finished.
It was abandoned halfway through.
Residents across my constituency regularly raise with me the issue of potholes and the state of our roads in general.
I greatly appreciate the additional funding provided by the Government to South Gloucestershire council to help with improvements.
This is about safety.
It also about pride of place and the costs of vehicle repairs—all these things matter—so what will the next steps be to support councils to keep roads up to scratch once the potholes are filled?
We are providing record amounts for local authorities this year, and we hope to provide a long-term funding settlement for local roads maintenance after the spending review.
Will the Secretary of State accept my warm invitation to visit my constituency and sit in traffic with me so she can experience what my   constituents experience morning, noon and night on the A27, which is strangling economic growth in the area and preventing investment?
As tempting as the hon.
Lady’s invitation is, I regret that I will not be able to do that, and I will not commit the Roads Minister to it either, but we will look at the matters she raises and write to her with an update on the action we think could be taken to improve the situation.
Economic growth requires people to be able to get to work.
This morning, yet another road traffic accident happened on the stretch of M6 motorway that goes through my constituency and yours, Mr Speaker.
This has a hugely disruptive impact on the mainly small roads around it in my constituency.
Yet again, my residents in Longridge, Grimsargh and all the surrounding areas woke up to the prospect of another journey to work that takes two hours instead of 20 minutes, and that is becoming a monthly—if not weekly—occurrence.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what can be done?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Congestion on the A38 in Bromsgrove is making it nearly impossible for residents to get around easily—yet, despite current investment, there is widespread scepticism that the Bromsgrove route enhancement plan, known locally as BREP, will improve the situation.
Does the Minister agree that investment in transport must deliver a tangible improvement in traffic flow, and will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss investment in Bromsgrove so that we can keep Bromsgrove moving?
I understand the hon.
Member’s wish to get his constituents moving; it is one that we share.
I would be happy to look at his concerns in relation to the A38, and I will contact him with further information.
In 2022, the previous Government cut a significant number of Southeastern services that my constituents in Bexleyheath and Crayford rely on.
My constituents continue to raise concerns that direct services from London Charing Cross to Barnehurst and Bexleyheath should be reinstated during the evenings and weekends.
Could the Minister provide an update on progress to reinstate those services?
Southeastern plans services to meet passenger demand while ensuring value for money for the taxpayer.
Timetables are kept under review and can be adjusted to reflect fluctuations in demand.
I am pleased to say that four additional weekday evening services will be introduced on the route in December.
Once again, I have had to grant an urgent question on a matter that was briefed extensively to the media in recent days.
I recognise that a written ministerial statement was issued, but I am surprised that the Government did not think that Members would want an opportunity to question Ministers on a very important issue.
On Monday, the Home Secretary was unapologetic about the fact that details of the immigration White Paper were given to the media, starting on Sunday morning, before it was laid before this House and long before she came to make a statement.
I note that those who now occupy senior ministerial roles were not slow to complain when the previous Government made major policy announcements outside this place.
I will continue to uphold and defend the rights of this House—the rights of Back Benchers—to be the first to hear the most important announcements of Government policy and the rights of hon.
Members to question Ministers on those announcements in person.
That was my position under the previous Government and it has not changed under this Government.
It is clear to me that the general principle set out in paragraph 9.1 of the ministerial code is being disregarded more often than it is observed.
I will write to the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee to invite that Committee to consider the issues in more detail.
If the Government are not going to take the ministerial code seriously, who will?
I do not like doing this.
I believe that I am here to represent all Back Benchers, and Back Benchers have the right to question Ministers first.
I am not interested in Sky News, the BBC or political programmes; I am here to defend you all, and I will continue to defend you.
I say to the Government: please do not take MPs for granted.
It is not acceptable.
I know it is not the fault of the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) ,   who is about to respond to the urgent question, but the message has to go back loud and clear: when you are in the wrong, apologise to Members.
Mr Speaker, I hear your words very clearly.
I very much respect the role of Parliament and I am pleased to be here today to follow up the written ministerial statement that was laid yesterday by the Lord Chancellor.
Order.
Let me gently say to the Minister: you would not be here at all if I had not granted the urgent question.
That is the thing we should remember.
You are only here because I have decided that you should be here.
Please, do not try to take advantage of a situation that is not of your own making.
I will certainly apologise, Mr Speaker.
I was not trying to take advantage.
Clearly, it also took the action of  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , laying an urgent question.
That is how Parliament works, and rightly so.
Order.
I do not want to labour the point—but, no, this is not the way we should be acting.
The statement should have been brought here on the day the plan was announced.
Let us get this very, very clear: this is not about having to grant an urgent question; this is about the Government doing the right thing, rather than somebody else having to drag Ministers here.
That is not how we should be working.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am sorry for any misinformation that I have given in trying to respond.
You are a good Minister and a nice person.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We respect each other, and I respect very much that you are standing up for Parliament, which is exactly the right thing to do.
I applaud that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the public safety implications of the Government’s plan to set a 28-day limit on prison sentences for recalled offenders.
The Lord Chancellor laid a written ministerial statement yesterday, the background to which are the changes around fixed-term recall in the light of the prison capacity challenges that the Government face.
When we were elected almost a year ago, we inherited a prison system on the brink of collapse.
Although we took immediate action to prevent the catastrophe, prisons continue to be perilously close to filling up entirely.
Last December we published a long-term building strategy, setting out our aim to open up 14,000 prison places by 2031.
That is the largest expansion of the prison estate since the Victorians.
We have already committed £2.3 billion to prison expansion, and since taking office we have delivered 2,400 new places.
We also commissioned the independent sentencing review, which will report shortly.
The sentencing review will hopefully offer us a path to ending the capacity crisis in our prisons for good, but the impact of sentencing reforms will not be felt before next spring.
On our current trajectory, we will hit zero capacity in our prisons in November—we cannot allow that to happen.
That is why we have announced our intention to lay a fixed-term recall statutory instrument that will mean that those serving sentences of between one and four years can only be returned to prison for a fixed 28-day period.
The measure builds on previous legislation, introduced by the last Government, that mandated 14-day recalls for those serving sentences of under a year.
To be clear, higher-risk offenders have been exempted from that change.
If further information relating to an offender’s risk is received after they have been recalled which means they are no longer considered suitable for fixed-term recall, they may be detained for longer on a standard recall if that is assessed as necessary.