The Minister and the Secretary of State have often used the word “emergency” to describe the state of the prison population, and I have asked the Secretary of State how long it will take to deport all the foreign criminals clogging up our jails.
This is a moment for the Secretary of State to say, “Yes, this is an emergency,” and to deport the lot of them, freeing up about 10,000 places, which would help overcome this crisis.
We have deported more foreign national offenders in 12 months than the last Government did in the previous 12 months, and we are continuing to work hard with the Home Office to deport foreign national offenders.
We will never be able to do that on the scale necessary to address the challenges that we face in our prisons at this time.
On a recent visit to Featherstone prison near Wolverhampton, I came across several prisoners who had been recalled, and who were waiting up to a year to have their cases progressed.
Does the Minister agree that limiting the recall sentence, making greater use of technology to punish offenders in the community, and making the Probation Service more effective will result in better rehabilitation of prisoners, reduce reoffending, and ease the prison overcrowding caused by the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend points out the actions that we must take to address the challenges that we face in the system, and to make the system work better for victims and protect the public.
Many domestic abusers will, given their nature, welcome the opportunity to give another twist of the knife at the cost of a mere 28 days.
Has the Minister just presented them with a practical opportunity?
I have carefully gone through the exclusions from this measure, and emphasised the importance of good professional bodies continuing to apply proper risk assessments.
When risk assessments say that a standard recall is more appropriate than a fixed-term recall, that will happen.
It is a bit rich for Conservative Members to be critical when they left the criminal justice system in total meltdown.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that tagging is an important resource for protecting the public from  criminals?
Perhaps he saw the Channel 4 programme “Dispatches”, which showed that the contract given to Serco by the Conservative party was totally and utterly failing.
Does he have confidence in Serco to deliver that contract, and if not, will he remove it, and bring that service back under public control?
It is clear that tagging technology has huge potential.
A recent study has shown a 20% reduction in reoffending by offenders wearing curfew tags, but my hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to concerns about the contract.
Serco’s performance is improving, but it is still not acceptable.
The reporting in the “Dispatches” programme was from last year, when we knew that there were serious issues, and we issued financial penalties to Serco, which was given the contract by the previous Government.
If Serco’s performance drops again, all options will remain on the table.
This announcement is a further illustration of why this House should legislate to remove all impediments to the deportation of foreign national offenders.
In his reply to the shadow Justice Secretary, the Minister said that victims who are affected by this policy should be kept informed about release, yet he refused to say whether the Department has conducted an impact assessment.
What new information is he today willing to commit to publishing each month, so that victims are indeed kept informed?
Victims absolutely need to be kept informed, and we continue to work with victims’ groups and the Victims’ Commissioner to ensure that they are.
In separate cases, two families in my constituency lost loved ones when they were murdered by offenders who were out on remand but should never have been.
Will the Minister meet me and, if they wish, both families, so that they can have some assurance that lessons have been learned from these cases, and so that other families are not placed in the same horrendous situation?
I am very sorry to hear about the cases mentioned by my hon.
Friend.
I am happy to meet him to take the matter further.
The Victims’ Commissioner has warned that freeing prisoners early who have been shown to pose a reoffending risk to the public will “place victims and the wider public at an unnecessary risk of harm.”
The Domestic Abuse Commissioner has said that it is “simply unacceptable”.
What discussions did the Government have with those two commissioners before making the announcement?
We speak to the Victims’ Commissioner regularly; the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , is speaking to them later today.
The Justice Secretary could have chosen to deport more of the thousands of offenders in our jails, maxed out court sitting days, repurposed buildings or procured temporary facilities to hold offenders.
Why has she instead chosen to release serious offenders, including domestic abusers, from jail early, with no consideration for the victims?
This is not about releasing people from prison earlier.
Yes, it is.
No, it is not.
This is about people who have already served their sentence in prison; they are out in the community.
If they breach a condition of their licence, they are returned to prison.
The hon.
Gentleman might as well ask why the Government he supported did not take any of the measures that he mentions.
Our Government inherited the mess that his Government left us, and we are taking decisions to address the unconscionable threat of having a prison system that is not able to lock up dangerous people.
Ministers seem to have been deliberately vague about the number of domestic abuse offenders who will be eligible for release, and the breadth of their offences.
Given how big the announcement is, the Government and the Department will have done a lot of work looking at who will be eligible.
Will the Minister set out to the House the exact number of domestic abuse offenders who will be eligible for this scheme?
I hear the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, and I will write to him.
The first duty of government is to keep the public safe.
I recently met a constituent whose convicted ex-husband is serving a prison sentence, having raped her twice.
Despite being in prison, he continues to have indirect access to their children.
My constituent thinks that is wrong, and I agree.
Does the Minister agree that convicted violent and sexual offenders should serve maximum possible custodial sentences, and lose parental access rights?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the Victims and Courts Bill is about to go through Parliament, and that is the sort of issue that we will look at during the Bill’s passage.
One of the reasons why our prisons are so full is that we have more than 10,000 foreign nationals in them.
What steps is the Minister taking to deport them?
I say gently that we have deported more foreign nationals in the first year on our watch than the previous Government did in the years on their watch.
He is right that we have to roll up our sleeves and continue to get on with the job.