Following the fire at North Hyde substation that closed Heathrow a few weeks ago, various lines on the London Underground were brought to a standstill by another power outage this week.
It is clear that we need to do more to improve the resilience of our transport energy infrastructure, so will the Secretary of State commit to a full review to ensure that these incidents do not keep happening?
A review is being conducted by the National Energy System Operator on the Heathrow substation fire.
The interim report has been published, and we expect the full report in June.
The Heathrow report is expected to go to its board in May.
My Department and I work very closely with all transport operators to ensure that they have robust resilience plans in place.
The Government are conducting a review of critical national infrastructure to address the broader question.
In Hartlepool, to make a journey of just 2.8 miles from St Hild’s school to the Headland requires two buses and  takes approximately 40 minutes.
The Hartlepool transport users forum and residents across the town have had enough.
Other parts of the country are putting buses back into public hands.
Will the Minister mandate Tees Valley combined authority to do the same for Hartlepool?
I hope the Tees Valley Mayor is looking at the great work that Labour mayors are already doing across the country to transform public transport in their regions.
Residents in Cheltenham remain extremely frustrated about the state of the roads.
We have too many potholes and the approach taken to the maintenance of our high street by the previous Conservative county council administration has been substandard.
The state of our strand and the threat to our promenade are at the forefront of people’s minds.
We have finally had a change of administration, with the Liberal Democrats now in charge of the county council.
What can the Secretary of State and Ministers do to reassure me that the Liberal Democrat county council will be given the tools that it needs to fix our roads and maintain our high street properly?
The Department is providing Gloucestershire county council with an extra £9 million of highway maintenance funding this year, taking its total funding to £35 million.
That will allow the council to get on with the job of fixing those potholes.
I am absolutely delighted to see the Government pushing forward with the new lower Thames crossing.
Are there plans to explore widening the carriage in the parts that need it from the crossing to Dover to assist trade transit?
Improvements to the A2 as it approaches Dover are being considered as part of the pipeline of enhancements being developed for possible delivery in a future road investment strategy beyond 2030.
Last month, I visited the Pidley Lorry Group to discuss its campaign to introduce a 7.5 tonne weight limit to prevent HGVs from using the village as a shortcut.
Having enforced the use of the self-funded route by Cambridgeshire county council, the cost to the group so has been in excess of £7,000.
There are similar examples affecting Upwood and Alconbury, which are also villages impacted by high volumes of HGV through traffic.
What are the Government doing to reduce the bureaucracy and expense for our rural communities, so that they can maintain their quality of life and the safety of those who live there?
Local authorities already have the powers that they need to restrict HGVs to certain vehicles or to place weight limits.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me with further details of the particular issues to which he refers, I would be happy to look at that.
My constituents in Bishopthorpe and Copmanthorpe are sick of putting up with unsafe HGV movements.
Children walking to  school have been involved in near misses, yet the traffic commissioner cannot take that into account, so will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this case?
Traffic commissioners consider road safety up to the point where the operating centre joins the highway, but, beyond that, it is probably a matter for the local authority or the police.
Although traffic commissioner independence is crucial and ministerial influence would be improper, I will be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his road safety concerns and how they might be tackled.
My constituents in Tiverton and Minehead face many challenges when it comes to transport connectivity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the merits of a strategic outline business case set out by West Somerset Railway to reconnect the heritage railway line at Bishops Lydeard to the mainline at Taunton?
That would allow students to access the only sixth-form facilities in Taunton, take the pressure off the No. 28 bus, and massively improve our ability to entertain more tourists.
The hon.
Lady mentioned this to me a couple of days ago when I bumped into her, but I regret to inform her that the Department does not currently have any plans to take forward a development link between Bishops Lydeard and Taunton.
I have, however, asked officials to reach out to those at the local authority to discuss the merits of the scheme.
In the ’60s, North West Leicestershire lost its only passenger rail service, the Ivanhoe line.
In 2025, my constituents still have no direct access to the rail line.
Increasing connectivity of railways is crucial to securing economic growth.
Will the Minister share the Department’s plans to improve access to passenger rail for communities with no current access?
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
Airports across the country are participating in the airspace modernisation review.
However, there is a clear conflict of interest between environmental imperatives and profit motives.
Will the Secretary of State undertake to introduce an independent member on each airspace review panel?
The Government are pressing on with airspace modernisation and have set up the UK Airspace Design Service.
I recently met the hon.
Member in my office to discuss this issue.
We continue at pace on this work and will be consulting widely.
Every week on my journey to and from this place I join constituents on overcrowded Chiltern Railways trains that are often advertised as standing room only.
The oldest class of carriages operating on that network has an average age of 47 years.
In the light of this, can Ministers tell me what action the Department is taking to support the replacement and refurbishment of these carriages to improve capacity, service reliability, and passenger experience and comfort?
Chiltern Railways faces challenges with ageing trains and is engaged in commercial negotiations to replace its oldest Mark 3 carriages.
The Department is collaborating with Chiltern to ensure that the procurement delivers long-term passenger benefits.
Separately, the Chiltern Class 168 fleet is undergoing significant refurbishment, including to its interiors, and improvements to reliability.
The 7.58 am train from Sunbury to Shepperton is used by a lot of schoolchildren in my constituency to get to school, but it was cancelled for four days during a recent six-day period, which meant that children were late for school.
That appears on their attendance register, which follows them throughout life.
The Secretary of State will own South Western Railway by the end of the month.
Will she commit to improving the reliability and punctuality of that section of the line?
With the transfer of South Western trains into public ownership in 10 days’ time, the Government are determined to turn this situation around, but I have to say that we have inherited an abject mess from the train operating company, which over six years has failed to get the new fleet of Arterio 701 trains into service.