The Secretary of State knows that High Speed 2’s central purpose is to deliver economic growth, but she knows, too, that it is taking far longer and costing far more to deliver than anyone expected.
Given that projects of the scale of HS2 require parliamentary approval, is it not important that Parliament has accurate estimates of how much the project will cost and how long it will take to deliver?
Will she commission a properly independent and thorough review of why the budget for HS2 has increased so often and the timetable has expanded so often?
I will be providing updates to the House on the emerging cost position and opening window.
As the right hon.
and learned Gentleman will know, this Government have appointed a new chief executive of HS2, Mark Wild, who is conducting an ongoing review.
We have also reintroduced ministerial oversight, which was sorely lacking under the Conservative party’s leadership.
I recognise that this is an important issue, and we are doing all we can to deliver the rest of this railway at the lowest reasonable cost to the taxpayer, so that people can enjoy excellent rail services in the future.
The Transport Secretary recently refused to commit to keeping the £3 cap on bus fares outside London beyond the end of this year, leaving many in rural areas worried about how much more they will end up having to pay to get to work.
Residents across my constituency have already seen vital routes scrapped or scaled back, holding back economic growth.
Can the Transport Secretary explain what support will be made available to not only keep rural fares down but restore lost services?
The hon.
Lady will know that this Government stepped in to prevent soaring bus fare increases, given the last Government’s decision to only fund a bus fare cap until the end of last year.
[Interruption.]
Opposition Members can chunter, but the truth of the matter is that it was fantasy money, and the money was not allocated to fund that bus fare cap.
We are in an ongoing process, through the spending review.
I appreciate  the importance of affordable, reliable bus services, and we will do all we can to ensure that people can continue to enjoy the bus network that they need.