Greater Anglia supports economic growth in the east of England with modern, quiet, fast trains, paid for by £2 billion of private sector investment.
Its service is the most punctual in the country, it is popular with its passengers, and it is run so efficiently that instead of costing the taxpayer, it pays money into the Treasury.
It is currently train operator of the year.
Greater Anglia knows that nationalisation is coming, and it has offered to extend its operations to allow the Government to focus on the worst performing operators first.
Why did the Government refuse?
Is the Secretary of State focused on improving the lives of passengers, or is it an ideological determination to put the unions back in charge of the railways?
I really do not know how many times I have to say this to the hon.
Gentleman.
I met him a couple of days ago, and I explained that our process for bringing train operating companies into public ownership is designed to offer best value for money to the taxpayer.
We will not be buying out failing private sector operators by breaking contracts early.
He is right to say that Greater Anglia provides an excellent service, and I am confident we will build on that when it comes into public ownership in October.
Perhaps the Secretary of State did not understand the nature of the offer from Greater Anglia.
It was not expecting to be bought out; it was offering to continue its current arrangements for a couple of years.
In a previous answer, the Secretary of State said to me that the benefit of rail nationalisation will be the £150 million of efficiency savings.
Let’s see how that is going.
Her first nationalisation will be South Western Railway in two weeks’ time.
That new service will need trains, yet The Telegraph has revealed that inept contract negotiations by her Department, where there was no effective competition, mean that the cost of re-leasing the same trains is increasing by £250 million over five years.
Are those the efficiency savings she had in mind?
The up to £150 million of savings that the taxpayer can enjoy as a result of train operating companies coming back into public ownership are the saved management fees that we are currently paying to private sector operators, and efficiencies will be delivered on top of that.
On the substantive issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises about South Western Railway, the cost of renewing rolling stock leases has been fully and properly budgeted for, with successful commercial negotiations recently concluded.
The franchising process under his Government saw some “buy now, pay later” deals done on rolling stock, where costs were always expected to increase.
I think that approach was deeply dubious, but that was the short-termist, ill-thought-through approach of his Government, and we are now having to clear up that mess.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure that workers have necessary skills for the rail sector.
A skilled workforce is key to delivering the railways that passengers need, and I am working closely with colleagues across Government to ensure that we train up the right people in the right way for the jobs of the future.
As my hon.
Friend will know from our visit to Derby last week, we are also taking action to ensure that we attract younger talent into the industry, by lowering the age at which someone can become a train driver to 18.
Derby is the centre of the largest rail cluster in Europe—an east midlands cluster employing 45,000 people.
There is an incredible range of roles in the sector, from engineering to driving, digital to welding, advanced manufacturing to customer services, and many more.
However, with a third of workers in the rail sector aged 50 or over, it faces a significant shortage of rail skills in the future.
What role can Great British Railways, with its headquarters in Derby, play in ensuring that we have the skills we need for the future?
Developing an industry workforce plan will be a key priority for Great British Railways, and I am confident that we will be making the most of the expertise that already exists in places such as Derby.
The fact that Derby will soon become the new national headquarters of GBR will mean more high-skilled jobs for a city that is already brimming with rail industry talent.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend and local leaders on maximising the opportunities that the creation of GBR presents.
What steps she is taking to support the maritime sector.
What steps she is taking to support sustainability in the maritime sector.
What steps she is taking to support the maritime sector.
The recently published maritime decarbonisation strategy supports sustainable growth, working with industry to reach zero emissions by 2050, supported by £30 million for clean maritime research and development.
The Government have also allocated £850,000 to maritime clusters to support skills and training programmes, boosting growth and improving our coastal communities.
Cornwall has a thriving maritime sector, particularly in Falmouth, that is well-served by training establishments, such as Cornwall Marine Network and Falmouth marine school, as well as leading apprenticeship programmes across Falmouth.
Much of  that centres around our Port of Falmouth.
Will the Ports Minister meet me and officials from the Treasury to ensure that Government support reaches Falmouth port and that Cornwall can take advantage of the new green jobs that will be provided by the port’s upgrade?
My hon.
Friend is a fierce advocate for the maritime community in her constituency.
This Government are committed to unlocking investment in UK ports, and I was delighted by the announcement just yesterday by LS Eco Advanced Cables that it will be investing £1 billion into the Port of Tyne, which will be the first of many such investments over the months and years ahead.
We are streamlining regulatory and planning processes, updating our national policy statement for ports, which is long overdue, and we will make targeted investments through the national wealth fund.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
The Port of Dover has ambitious targets to be the first green shipping corridor.
What are the Government’s plans to ensure sufficient power supplies to the port for ships to plug into?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that infrastructure, which is so important to our nation.
I was pleased to meet Doug Bannister, the chief executive officer of the Port of Dover, just the other day to talk about these matters.
This Government are implementing a new strategic planning process and reforming connections to ensure that electricity meets future demands.
If we do that right, we can have the greenest shipping corridors in the world.
Fleetwood, in my constituency, has a proud fishing industry, but our port is currently massively underused.
The Government’s clean power mission is a huge opportunity for ports like Fleetwood to take advantage of jobs and investment brought by offshore wind projects.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure that the Port of Fleetwood gets the investment it needs to take advantage of those projects, so that my community can start to rebuild after the last 14 years of austerity inflicted on it by the previous Conservative Government?
That is so true.
I was delighted to join my hon.
Friend on a recent visit to Fleetwood nautical campus in her constituency, where I saw the excellent facilities and what a fantastic advocate she is for the people of Fleetwood and its port.
I briefly met with the soon-to-be new owners of that port.
Once that deal is finalised and they have plans to progress, I will sit down with my hon.
Friend and the new owners to look at the potential for what we can achieve there.
Isle of Wight ferry company, Red Funnel, is controlled by Canadian pension funds.
It is unregulated and charges Isle of Wight residents up to £400 to take a return car ferry crossing.
Does the Minister support that ownership model and pricing structure for a lifeline transport connection in the UK?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Avanti up to Manchester can cost more, but that does not help his constituents in the Isle of Wight, who have  been struggling for some time.
That is why I went to the Isle of Wight to meet the hon.
Member and representatives from the council.
We are establishing an local transport forum, and we have agreed a number of ways forward, looking at ticketing, pricing and the reliability of those ferries to the Island.
I promise to continue to be engaged, but I will need the hon.
Member’s help with this as well.
In common with  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Fleetwood (Lorraine Beavers) , I have concerns about the fishing sector.
In terms of maritime needs and co-ordination with the drive towards net zero, and with the push towards marine-based renewable energy, what discussion has taken place with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to ensure that the needs of the fishing industry are considered, weighted and fully evaluated?
This is a huge opportunity for the UK.
Our mission to have clean energy by 2030 is an incredible target, and we are getting on with it.
That means making big decisions with the Crown Estate, our fisheries, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, the Department for Transport and Department for Energy Security and Net Zero.
We are working together at pace, and we are beginning to see some of the fruits of that, such as the investment in the Port of Tyne that I just mentioned, but the work is ongoing.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the performance of rail services operating from north Wales.
Despite recent improvements, the performance of Avanti West Coast’s services in north Wales is still not good enough.
Poor Network Rail infrastructure reliability also remains an issue.
North Wales and its surrounding regions have such huge potential, so I am actively engaged with the Welsh Government on plans to create a transport system that meets the needs of all our communities and delivers economic growth.
Rail plays a vital role in the north Wales economy, so I welcome the recent announcement of 12 additional services per week between Holyhead and London.
However, that remains a shadow of the pre-covid timetable, which saw up to 14 daily direct services.
The north Wales line regularly sees more cancellations and poorer reliability than other parts of the west coast franchise.
It is vital that with economic growth, tourism and access to employment across north Wales and beyond, we see a return to a more frequent and reliable service pattern.
What measures is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that that happens?
The uplift in service levels between London and Holyhead from this Sunday is indeed welcome, and I agree that a reliable service being delivered for the passengers of north Wales is vital for economic growth.
I recognise that Wales has not seen its fair share of funding historically, and I am committed to continued rail infrastructure investment in Wales to release capacity and improve reliability.
The midlands rail hub was backed by the previous Government.
It will unlock and drive economic growth across the west midlands and beyond, including into Wales, and improve the performance of existing rail services.
When will the Secretary of State make an announcement in her review of that project, or is this just another example of the Treasury reversing or holding up investment in our region?
I can see that Mr Speaker is smiling; I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her ingenuity in working in a question about the midlands.
She is right to talk about the benefits of the midlands rail hub.
She will be aware that a spending review process is under way, and I anticipate being able to say more on that project in due course.
Whether she plans to increase rail capacity on the Brighton main line.
Officials in my Department are in regular discussions with Network Rail and train operators on opportunities to improve services across the Brighton main line, taking account of changes to commuter travel since the pandemic.
Decisions about the Department’s capital portfolio will be announced after completion of the 2025 spending review, ensuring that every penny spent supports our missions and our plan for growth.
Network Rail has identified that if the Croydon area remodelling scheme is not undertaken, capacity through East Croydon will be exhausted by 2030, preventing passengers from across much of southern England from being able to travel to London.
Given that the Department for Transport has outlined that it is minded to approve Gatwick airport’s capacity increase, almost doubling the overall numbers, so long as 54% of passengers travel by public transport—that is in addition to the 2030 figure—will the Minister outline how it is possible to achieve that without the works being undertaken?
I appreciate the work that my hon.
Friend is doing to stand up for his constituents, who rely so much on rail services.
As he acknowledges, plans for a major upgrade to the Brighton main line were cancelled by the previous Government in the 2021 spending review, and they did not even acknowledge that that had happened.
Network Rail is funded to progress automatic route-setting signalling technology to further enhance performance across the Brighton main line.
Further decisions will be made after the spending review.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
We are unlocking growth by progressing airport planning decisions and inviting third runway  proposals for Heathrow by the summer.
A new UK airspace design service and support fund will drive airspace modernisation.
We introduced the sustainable aviation fuel mandate, and yesterday we proposed a revenue certainty mechanism to support UK production.
SaxonAir, Norwich airport and Norfolk and Suffolk county councils recently launched Aviation East, a call to make East Anglia the heart of aviation innovation.
We are already leading in the development of electric aircraft and the early availability of sustainable aviation fuel, but we could do so much more to unlock growth and deliver jobs.
Will the Minister outline how this Government will support aviation in the east?
I am due to meet him soon, but will he also come to Norwich, take a flight in an electric plane and see what innovation is under way?
This Government want to see the UK maximise the benefits of the future of flight technologies, including flying taxis, both for the economy and for communities.
We recently announced over £20 million of Government funding for the Civil Aviation Authority and the future flight challenge to deliver the future flight programme this year.
That joint programme between industry, Government and the CAA will enhance drone capability by 2027, with flying taxis in the UK’s skies by 2028.
I would be delighted to visit Norwich and the airport in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
As the Minister is well aware, the Government have supported and signed off on the development consent order for Manston airport in my constituency.
It is hoped and expected that the final private funding for that package will be in place and that work will start in the very near future.
Will the Minister now reaffirm his support for the contribution that Manston can and will make to freight and growth in the United Kingdom, and can he also seek to expedite the necessary licences at the appropriate time?
I was delighted to spend my Easter holiday in the right hon.
Member’s constituency, cycling the Cantii way.
I stopped and took a look at Manston airport—and a sip of water from my bottle, because it was a hot day.
I am looking forward to the outcome of the talks and the funding, and at that point I will be happy to look at the proposals from Manston and sit down with the right hon.
Member to unlock that capacity.
My hon.
Friend will be as aware as I am that the air passenger duty, which was introduced by a Conservative Chancellor more than 30 years ago, has been studied intensively.
Every study shows that the revenue generated by that tax is much less than the benefit of abolishing it.
Will my hon.
Friend and the Secretary of State try to talk some sense into the Chancellor of the Exchequer and her officials, to get rid of this tax and benefit both aviation and the economy?
I would never disagree with the former leader of my council, but on this occasion, I might have to.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend as somebody who was chairman of the airport that delivered the only international runway in this country in 80 years.
Air  passenger duty is part of the rich mix of the aviation tapestry; however, last month in April, Heathrow had 7.1 million passengers through its doors, the largest number ever.
Most airports and airlines are seeing demand go through the roof.
We are modernising the airspace, decarbonising the fuel and unlocking the constraints on our airports, which is why we are seeing record passenger numbers.
I recognise the vital importance of the aviation sector, but any airport expansion —including at Bristol airport—should reflect the cumulative impact of emissions and our legal commitment to net zero.
Does the Minister support the Climate Change Committee’s advice, published last year, that no airport expansion should proceed without a UK-wide capacity management framework?
First, I congratulate Bristol on the excellent job it is doing and the growth it is seeing.
We have strict criteria on carbon emissions, noise, growth and pollution at our airports.
That is our guiding principle as a Government, but we also want to see local ambition in terms of growth.
Those carbon budgets are fixed; we still want to reach net zero by 2050, even with the growth in our air markets that is expected over the next few years.