Ms. Williams taught entrepreneurship to high school students in a reallife setting.
During this time, 
Ms. Veraniece Williams went on to be recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneur Teacher of the Year at Tulane University.
Her dedication to educating young students included consistently managing and seeking the challenge of teaching and inspiring lowertrack high school students to succeed in strengthening business skills and writing abilities, including building life skills and motivating students to consider job career goals and higher education.
She effectively used town meetings, group learning, role switching, college mentoring programs, field trips, and classroom business operations to motivate students to learn.
She also developed student-run businesses inside the classroom.
She worked to build interview skills in preparation for work experience, providing job shadowing programs for students, and supervised several clubs in which students participated to introduce reading strategies in teaching literature.
Her experience included CEO/Owner of Vocational/Career School; developing a marketing/entrepreneurship program for high school students; assessment teacher/mentor teacher for the State of Louisiana; Outstanding Entrepreneurship Teacher for Academies of Entrepreneurship Teacher (High School); High School Programs Teacher (Tulane University)
Developed Curriculum program for Failing High Schools (Chair); State Team: Improving Best Practices for teachers at High School Level; sponsor of (Key Club, Marketing Club, Future Business Leaders of America and Yearbook); and Teacher of the High School Yearbook Program.
She is the founder of PI 3.14 Inc. (Through which ``The Turn-Around Kids Club was created'') and CEO., Serving as the CEO of a Cosmetology School and Mortgage Loan Originator (State of Louisiana), as well as a Supervisor Federal Credit Union and CEO/La Rue Esplanade Bed & Breakfast--New Orleans, LA Over All Business, and CoChair ``The Celebration.''
Her professional associations include the National Education Association and the National Collation of Black Women membership.
I am so honored to have witnessed her courageous efforts during my career over the years.
So many people's lives are forever changed because of the fight she endured during her lifetime.
I thank Ms. Williams for all that she has done in her 50-year career.