As so often, where Lichfield leads others follow.
My hon.
Friend is right that the choral tradition in our cathedrals is one of the glories of our  country.
Lichfield’s MusicShare programme has, I understand, reached 25,000 children, with participants of all ages, including people up to their 90s.
That is, no doubt, why it has won a national award from The Times Educational Supplement.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker's Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— What recent discussions the Committee has had with the Electoral Commission on the regulation of online political advertising before an election.
The Committee has not had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The Elections Act 2022 introduced a requirement for most online political campaign material to carry a digital imprint.
The Commission has said that digital imprints will improve trust and confidence in digital campaigns at future elections and referendums in the UK.
It has published statutory guidance to help parties and campaigners understand and comply with this new requirement.
Targeted online advertising can sometimes contain very misleading claims about Members and other politicians.
Members might not even be aware that an advert has been sent out.
Will the Commission look at some sort of process whereby there is a way for all adverts to be registered, so that people can check their transparency and veracity?
The Commission has previously recommended that social media libraries should be a legal requirement.
That would provide voters with more information about who is being targeted online, but it would be for the Government to come forward with the legislation.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked— What recent progress has been made on implementing the decisions taken by the General Synod in February 2023 on blessing same-sex relationships and relating to clergy in same-sex relationships.
This week the General Synod agreed that the prayers of love and faith, and the pastoral guidance for their use, will be commended for use from mid-December, and also that special services of prayer and dedication using the prayers of love and faith can be authorised for a trial period before full synodical authorisation.
I am sure the vast majority of Members on both sides of the House will warmly welcome the outcome of Synod yesterday, and I thank the hon.
Member for the role he played in conveying Parliament’s views to Synod.
It was very clear during the debate that there are a small number who will never, ever accept LGBT people as equals in their churches.
As he knows, some parishes have stopped paying their diocesan share—effectively going on strike.
Why should they continue to enjoy the benefits and privileges of being Church of England parishes?
The payments by parishes to dioceses, often known as common fund or parish share, are voluntary payments towards the cost of ministry in those parishes and in the wider Church.
It is a matter for dioceses how they work with their parishes to encourage them to contribute, but I would certainly very strongly encourage every church to make a fair contribution to the costs of their ministry and, where they can, to help others in poorer areas.