I reinforce what  the right hon.
Member for Exeter (Mr Bradshaw)  said about the general welcome in the House for the movement towards equality and fairness.
We have had it on ordination; we now have it on same-sex relationships up to a point.
Through my hon.
Friend, I ask those who are disappointed with this movement forward to think of the pain that they have caused by resisting the change for so many people, whether by sex or orientation, over the past decades.
I am grateful, as always, to the Father of the House for his wise reflections on these matters.
He is right that this has been a difficult and painful period across the Church.
I very much regret that, as he does.
I hope we can move forward together in love, truth and unity on these matters.
Whether the Church of England has taken steps to raise awareness of recent attacks on churches and Christian communities in Manipur.
I am extremely grateful to the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief for again bringing the situation in Manipur to the House’s attention.
Archbishop Justin has spoken about it publicly, other bishops have contacted the Indian high commissioner, and I will shortly be visiting the high commissioner myself to talk about issues in Manipur with another hon.
Member, both of us being great friends of India.
There have been months of violence in Manipur, and that violence continues, with Christians of different ethnicities targeted—such as the mother crying after four family members were tortured, killed, mutilated and cut to pieces on  7 November .
Hundreds of churches and homes have been burnt, women have been sexually abused and organised mobs attack with  impunity, allegedly using looted Government weapons.
International news media from abroad find access hard.
Will the Church continue to do all that it can to draw the world’s attention to this situation so that those responsible can be brought to account, the violence does not spread further, and practical help can be provided in the form of security, rehabilitation, reconstruction, and compensation for those who have suffered so much?
Reflecting on those awful remarks, I would suggest that it is pretty shocking to realise what our news media do not tell us much of the time.
However, I can tell my hon.
Friend that the Church of England is in regular contact with the Church of North India to offer all the support we can, and that we are supporting Anglicans here in the UK who have connections with Manipur.
Those who suffer in Manipur are not alone, and we will continue to walk alongside them.
Whether the Church of England is taking steps to support parishes experiencing antisocial behaviour and drug-related crime in and around church buildings.
The Church of England is proud to have a presence in every part of the country, but sadly that means that our churches and clergy are sometimes targeted in unpleasant ways.
Working with the police and local authorities, the Church recognises that it has a duty of care to all its staff, and it will always do everything it can to protect and assist them.
It is right that parish churches offer a beacon of hope and light to those going through the dark tunnel of addiction, reaching out the hand of Christian fellowship, but that can result in both clergy and church buildings being targeted by darker forces who see that as a threat to their trade.
What further steps does my hon.
Friend believe dioceses could take to ensure the personal safety of all involved?
I am extremely sorry to learn that clergy and church buildings are being targeted in this way in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I thank the leadership and all the members of Paignton parish church for the inspirational work that they are doing in supporting those who are sleeping rough, and in tackling drug and alcohol addiction.
That is important and necessary work, and I commend my hon.
Friend for doing it.
I am sure that the diocese of Exeter and Devon and Cornwall police will be able to offer further help as they undertake that challenging work.
What steps the Church of England is taking to support asylum seekers and refugees.
The Church of England is supporting asylum seekers and refugees across the country, and our chaplaincies in Europe are providing health kits, safe places to sleep, clothes, and messages to families who have become separated.
My hon.
Friend will know that the diocese of Gloucester has recently acquired six modular homes from a local provider.
Following the Gloucester housing summit that I convened not long ago, our diocese, city council and housing association are discussing how to make this model of modular housing work effectively for people in need of temporary accommodation, including those recently granted asylum.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating the diocese on its good work so far, and encourage it to make progress and put this model into practice as soon as possible, recognising that it is a new approach that could perhaps be adopted elsewhere?
I am very happy to congratulate those in the diocese of Gloucester and thank them for the pioneering work that they are doing on housing, and I also thank my hon.
Friend for the important leadership role he plays locally in respect of that extremely important issue.
He is right to suggest that what Gloucester is doing has a wider application for others in need of emergency housing, not just asylum seekers and refugees, vitally important though that provision is.
I share his view that the need is urgent, and that we should get on with this and other similar excellent initiatives as quickly as possible.
What steps the Church of England is taking to support its parish ministry.
Parish ministry is at the very heart of the Church’s mission.
The Church Commissioners are distributing £1.2 billion between 2023 and 2025 to support our mission and ministry.
This is a 30% increase on the previous three-year period, and a significant share of that funding will be distributed through dioceses to strengthen our parishes.
What can the Church hierarchy do to remove administrative burdens from the clergy, so they can spend more time in their community spreading the best message ever told: the gospel of Jesus Christ?
I think we all recognise that, in any position of public responsibility, there comes a need for some administrative work, but I very much agree with my hon.
Friend that we should be freeing up our clergy and parish staff as much as possible to interact with their parishioners and to spread the good news of Jesus Christ.
As someone said, the gospel is good news only if it is not too late.
I also note the tremendous work being done in his community by St John the Evangelist in Balby and, indeed, by many other churches in his local area.
Last Saturday I was privileged to attend the enthronement of the new Bishop of Lincoln, at which there was a vast array of clergy in all their finery.
It was a very grand occasion.
Lincoln is a predominantly rural diocese and many of the clergy serve five, six or more parishes.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure me that the Church will focus on providing more clergy to rural areas?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend was able to attend the consecration of the new Bishop of Lincoln.
Consecrations are, indeed, very splendid affairs.
My hon.
Friend is completely right that the beating heart of the Church of England is what goes on in the parishes.
Rural areas really matter, as does every part of the country.
I assure him that we will not forget rural areas, and I recognise the problems of large benefices.
We also have rural churches in North Devon, and St Augustine’s church in Heanton Punchardon is without a rector.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in recognising and congratulating Sharon Newcombe of Pilton on the service she has provided to that church, where she has sung in the choir for over 51 years?
I am sure the whole House will join me in thanking Sharon Newcombe for her fantastic service to her local church and local community.
Fifty-one years’ service to her local church is extremely impressive, and we are very grateful to her.
I recognise that leading laypeople keep many of our churches going through these difficult times, and I thank her very much for what she does.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the Restoration and Renewal Client Board, was asked— If the Board will take steps to support the development of skills and creation of opportunities for women in construction through the restoration and renewal programme.
Before I answer the question, Mr Speaker, can I say how nice it is to see the former Second Clerk of the Administration Committee by your side?
Our loss is your gain.
We always knew he would go far, and I am sure he has further to go.
The R&R programme is committed to embedding equality, diversity and inclusion so that people from all backgrounds working on the programme can thrive.
Although the main construction works are still set to be some years away, the delivery authority is establishing or exploring relationships with skills and training providers across the whole UK that support initiatives to promote women in the construction industry.
The programme also actively supports a number of awareness initiatives that encourage women into construction and engineering.
It is welcome that, during the work on the Elizabeth Tower, it was a common sight to see women in hard hats working on the scaffolding and other parts of that important, high-profile work.
As we move through the restoration and renewal work, it has been my observation that women in hard hats are more likely to be seen directing traffic around the estate than undertaking this crucial frontline construction work.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me and Kath Moore, the excellent chief executive of Women into Construction, to make sure that women are at the heart of the high-profile construction work being undertaken on Parliament’s restoration and renewal programme?
Of course I will meet my hon.
Friend and Kath Moore, but before that my hon.
Friend
and I shall sit down to work up a list of other people for Kath Moore to meet so that she can have a really constructive engagement as Women into Construction’s representative across the House.
I would also like to invite her to come to the Administration Committee to talk about the work of her organisation.
[Interruption.]
I am just watching the clock tick.
I also want to say what an honour it is to be answering questions on behalf of the Restoration and Renewal Client Board in addition to the Commission—two fabulous bodies led by you, Mr Speaker.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  20 November  will be: Monday 20 November —Remaining stages of the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Tuesday 21 November —Second Reading of the Media Bill.
Wednesday 22
November —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will make his autumn statement, which will be followed by a debate on the autumn statement.
Thursday 23 November —Continuation of a debate on the autumn statement.
Friday 24 November —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  27 November  will include: Monday 27 November —Conclusion of a debate on the autumn statement.
Tuesday 28 November —Second Reading of the Criminal Justice Bill.
Wednesday 29
November —Remaining stages of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill.
Thursday 30 November —General debate.
Subject to be confirmed.
Friday 1 December —The House will not be sitting.