As  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi)  has said, Teagan Appleby, my teenage constituent, is at the moment in intensive care across the road in the Evelina London Children’s Hospital.
My right hon.
Friend will know from my question and her answer in June, that it was an urgent matter for Teagan to have support from the Government to have funding for and access to her medicinal cannabis, which she needs to manage her epilepsy.
That meeting—my right hon.
Friend was kind in her support for it and her follow-up with the Department of Health—has still not happened.
Can I ask my right hon.
Friend to pass another message to the Health Secretary to say, not that we need another the meeting on this issue, but that we need action and that we need the funding to be available to every single child who needs access to this medicine now?
There needs to be, in the autumn statement, a special fund set aside to allow these children to have access to the medicine they need.
Teagan’s mother, Emma, could not do any more, and she was heartbroken when she sent me a message overnight—at midnight—that Teagan is now intubated and that she has to be kept in that medical state to manage 19 days of constant seizures.
I am extremely sorry to hear what my hon.
Friend has said.
I do appreciate that Members across this House will have had experiences in which we are very invested in the wellbeing of our constituents, and I know this will be a very difficult time not just for Teagan and her family, but for my hon.
Friend and others who have campaigned on this issue.
I am very disappointed to hear that the Department of Health has not met my hon.
Friend.
I wish to make it clear, and I do make it clear to Departments, that my requests for meetings between officials or Ministers and Members of this House are not optional.
This House can call people to meet it in Select Committees, and Government Departments are funded to provide services to this House, and I am really very disappointed that the Department of Health has not done that.
I know that immediately after this session, even though I will be in the Chamber, my officials will contact the Department of Health and, through my Parliamentary Private Secretary, will contact the Secretary of State for Health to make her aware of this situation.
We appreciate that we cannot make clinical decisions on behalf of  individual patients, but what we can ensure is that, if a drug or medical device could benefit a patient, the systems are in place to ensure that they get access to it.
Even if it is not for a NICE-approved treatment, people in this country still have that right.
We will facilitate an immediate meeting with the Department of Health, and I will be kept informed of progress on this matter.
Scotland is energy rich—in the last two months alone, Scotland exported 3.2 million MWh of electricity through the grid to England—yet along with the people of north Wales, Scots pay the highest electricity costs in the UK.
Londoners pay £246 a year in standing charges before a switch or a gas hob is turned on, but in the parts of the UK where lighting and heating are turned on far earlier and turned off far later, these standing charges are over one third higher, at £333 a year.
Does the Leader of the House really think that is fair, and if not, will she facilitate a debate on these unjust standing charges?