People in Scotland learned something this week: however much we dislike and distrust this Tory Government, it is nothing compared with how much they utterly loathe each other.
Those letters, emails and WhatsApp messages show that they spend their time attacking each other, leaving no time to help people struggling with the Tory mortgage and rent bombshell or with rocketing energy bills, and no time to reduce NHS waiting lists in England, now approaching 8 million, or to cap food inflation, which is still running at over 10%.
They are way too busy fighting like rats in a sack.
Even their squalid, unlawful Rwanda scheme has fallen apart.
However, I bring good news to the Leader of the House to cheer her up—news from a part of the UK where a Government are getting on with the job; where not a single day has been lost in the NHS to industrial disputes; where teachers are the best paid in the UK;  where the Scottish child payment is taking tens of thousands out of poverty; where the railways have been taken into public ownership; where there are free school meals for all pupils, P1 to P5; where there are more GPs per head than anywhere in the UK; where those aged 60 and over get free bus travel, along with our under-22-year-olds; and where we offer free university tuition, free prescriptions, free eye tests, and free personal care to our older folk.
That is in Scotland under the SNP-led Scottish Government, as the Leader of the House knows, but her Government have a cunning plan to make everything come good: a new Minister for common sense—a wokefinder general, to search out woke thinking and eliminate it.
The job is in the safe hands of someone who is allowed to attend Cabinet, but is prohibited from speaking in meetings—and anyone who knows the new Minister knows that a period of silence may be her first and overwhelming challenge.
For some light relief in this very bleak week for her Government, could the Leader of the House help many of her baffled colleagues and try to give us her definition of “woke”?
I am sure that you, Mr Speaker, would take a dim view of it if I refused to answer the hon.
Lady’s question—if I just stood here in silence because I did not fancy doing it, or objected strongly to the content and tone of the question.
Had I done that, you might ask why I showed up this morning if I was not prepared to do my duty in this House and to show respect to the House.
It would be a bit like attending at the Cenotaph and not singing the national anthem.
The hon.
Lady displays a distinct lack of self-awareness.
I grow tired of reading out to her each week statistics on the performance of her own Government, but since she invites me to again, let me give her two statistics that address the issues she raises.
In England, the NHS 18-month waiting lists are down by 94% since September 2021; and a doctor or a headteacher in Scotland pays approximately £2,000 more in tax.
I will continue to do my duty to this House, and to remind the SNP of their appalling record in government, which is obvious to everyone except them.
Finally, on all sorts of issues that many would perhaps describe as “woke” this Government have a proud record, because we recognise that compassion and care for everyone in our society is very important.
That is why we did the largest ever LGBT action plan, from which we wanted practical measures that would make a difference to people’s lives.
Conservatism, to me, has always been about the practical impact that we have on people’s lives, and stepping up and taking responsibility, not just for ourselves but for other people.
Given her background and life experiences, I think that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tatton (Esther McVey) , who will now sit at the Cabinet Table, will be very good in that role.
Transitioning toward net zero and increasing renewable energy is critical, but we need a just transition.
I am conscious that constituents in Suffolk Coastal feel that a lot of the onshore infrastructure is being put in an unsuitable place, when further down the coast, at Bradwell in Essex, there is an ideal brownfield site to accommodate it.
Will my right hon.
Friend find time for a debate—perhaps it could be the general debate next Thursday, which is  yet to be announced—in which we could discuss the importance of rewiring the national grid?
First, may I place on the record—on behalf of everyone in this place, I am sure—our thanks to my right hon.
Friend for all the work she did in her former Department?
I know she was incredibly passionate about that work, going right back to when she was a junior Minister in that Department, and she should be very proud of the many things she enabled to happen on her double watch.
I thank her for raising this issue in her constituency, which I know she is very concerned about.
The Secretary of State has made it a priority and is giving it a lot more attention and focus, and I shall make sure that she is aware of my right hon.
Friend’s particular interest.