I am sorry to ask the right hon.
Lady about this again, because I know she is one of the angels on this matter, but when I asked her last summer about conversion therapy, she promised a draft Bill on the subject in the last Session.
There was no draft Bill, and there is nothing in the King’s Speech.
The Government say that is because this is very complicated.
It is not complicated.
Loads of countries have measures on this, and have had for years.
Is the real reason, as I have been told, that the Minister for Women and Equalities herself is blocking this much-needed reform?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that bringing an end to these practices is a manifesto commitment.
It remains a manifesto commitment.
He will also know that this is a complex situation.
A lot of work has already been done, particularly by faith groups, to enable ideas and solutions to be brought forward.
I thank all Members who have engaged on this, particularly with the Minister who leads on the issue, to try to make progress.
The Secretary of State is still looking at the policy on this, and she is very aware that the House will want her decision brought forward.
I know that she is taking great care to ensure that we can protect people who might be vulnerable to these kinds of barbaric practices.
Later today, Councillor Garry Perry from my constituency will be attending the Local Government Information Unit and CCLA councillor awards.
Garry has been shortlisted for a lifetime legend award, in recognition of his dedication to building a safer, stronger, greener and more resilient community.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in wishing him all the best in the awards later today?
I do not know whether it was audible to those listening, but there were choruses of approval from around the House.
I speak on behalf of all of us when I say to Councillor Garry Perry: thank you for your decades of service to your community.
Our councillors are all unsung heroes.
They do a tremendous amount of work and good in their communities, and I wish Garry and all other nominees who have been short- listed for these awards good luck; they have our thanks.
Air pollution is an invisible killer.
Over 40,000 people in the UK die each year as a consequence of dirty air.
The clean air zone introduced in Bath by the Liberal Democrat-run council has reduced nitrogen dioxide by over a quarter, which is an impressive achievement, saving lives.
Can we have a debate in Government time about the importance of clean air and what the Government can do to support local councils?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
She will know that this has been a focus for the Government; they have identified zones around the country that need improvement and ensured that local authorities can put measures in place to address these matters.
This is an area where we can benefit from sharing best practice across the country.
It is important that we do these things while still enabling economic growth to flourish, as we know we can.
I am sure that if she were to apply for a debate on the subject, it would be well attended.
Can we have a debate on the failure of the Metropolitan police to investigate an openly terrorist-supporting Socialist Workers party pamphlet, which has been reported on in several newspapers, entitled “Palestine: Resistance, Revolution and the Struggle for Hamas”?
It has been on sale during the protest marches every weekend in London, and it includes the line: “we unconditionally support Hamas when it is engaged in military or non-military struggles against Israel.”
This poison has been on sale for weeks, including, I am told, right outside this House, in Parliament Square.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the police should act under section 12 of the Terrorism Act 2000?