First, may I say what a pleasure it was to visit the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency a few weeks ago?
He is asking if I can do something about the weather; I wish I could.
I understand the impact it might have.
I would be happy to discuss any specific issues relating to the racecourse he mentioned, and to see whether I can talk to colleagues in other Departments about that.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on Government support for the tourism industry in Devon and Cornwall.
I was pleased to visit south Devon in August and to meet members of the Great South West tourism partnership.
I am also pleased that Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly have recently been accredited as a local visitor economy partnership and that Devon is working with VisitEngland towards potential accreditation.
As the Minister knows, the tourism sector in our region is iconic, but any rises in business rate bills that local hospitality businesses are required to pay could see many struggle.
While it is for the Chancellor to set out tax changes, can he outline what representations he is making to the Chancellor to freeze the business rate multiplier and extend the 75% relief for hospitality for a further year?
I discussed a range of issues affecting tourism in Devon with the Great South West tourism partnership.
We covered a lot of ground, and I know that those issues are of great importance to the tourism sector.
Of course, we are in regular dialogue with the Treasury, but it is a matter for the Chancellor, as my hon.
Friend says.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs on support for journalists working in conflict zones.
Journalists in conflict zones are putting their lives on the line to enable us to benefit from their accurate reporting.
My thoughts are with all of them, and with the families and friends of those who have unfortunately lost their lives.
I have raised support for journalists in conflict zones with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer and for her understanding of the issue.
As so many news outlets are cutting budgets, the reliance on freelancers reporting from conflict zones grows.
Such reporters do not have a big corporate behind them to pay for their training, their personal protective equipment and then their support and counselling when they come back.
A lot of good work is done here by the Rory Peck Trust, but it is desperately short of  resources.
Will she speak to her colleagues in Government to see what more can be done to support freelancers through better funding for the Rory Peck Trust?
I am happy to speak to my colleagues in Government to understand how we can further support journalists.
We have led a great deal of action recently and over a number of years to support journalists both here and abroad, and we have set up a number of funds and taskforces to support them.
When she plans to appoint an independent football regulator.
What her planned timetable is for establishing an independent regulator for English football.
The Government remain committed to putting fans at the heart of football and to ensuring that the game has a sustainable financial future.
The football governance Bill was included in the King’s Speech, and we intend to work closely with the Football Association, the leagues and fan associations to build the best independent regulator possible.