People working in the creative industries have been completely let down by the Tories, including on real concerns about the impact of AI.
The Government have not responded to the consultation on their own AI White Paper or the report on AI and the creative industries.
They have not got to grips with the issue at all.
Creative people need to know whether they will be properly rewarded for their incredible talents, now and in the future.
When will the Government set out a proper plan to protect creators?
The hon.
Lady is new to her role and so may have missed the creative sector vision, which was published about six months ago and set out an investment totalling some £50 billion going into the creative industries over the next five years.
A great deal of work is taking place on the impact of AI on creative industries, and we are hoping to say more about that before the end of the year.
That is just not good enough.
Thanks to the resilience and hard work of those in the creative industries, they are growing faster than many others, but it is people who make the best joy and the best culture, not AI.
We are all better off when we draw on everyone’s talents.
That is how we grow the creative industries—with people from more diverse backgrounds in more jobs.
Tackling AI is a fundamental part of that.
To pick an example for the Minister, talent in the north represents just 15% of employment in the creative industries under the Tories, so what are the Government doing to protect and increase that in the age of AI?
With the Secretary of State, I was able to spend Monday in Manchester for the creative industries conference, where we met representatives from right across the sectors, including those from the AI sector.
AI is already benefiting the creative industries to a considerable amount and represents real opportunities for them.
What steps her Department is taking to support the horseracing sector.
Horseracing is an integral part of British sporting culture, and we recognise the significant contribution the sport makes to the economy.
We have commenced the review of the horserace betting levy, to commit to a sustainable future for racing, and the British Horseracing Authority’s 2024 fixture list for racing shows an estimated £90 million improvement to British racing’s finances until 2028.
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that many racegoers and people who work in a variety of jobs across the sector are concerned that increased affordability checks could have a detrimental impact on British horseracing.
What assurances can he provide that affordability checks will not be intrusive and that millions of hard-working Brits will still be free to safely enjoy the great British tradition of a day at the races?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a keen interest in this area.
We absolutely recognise the relationship between betting and racing, and have no intention of over-regulating.
In fact, it is the current system that is inconsistent, and we want to bring some uniformity to it.
We have had several meetings with racing stakeholders, the gambling industry and the Gambling Commission this week.
We have been very clear that we will not mandate checks until we are confident that they are frictionless and that the majority of those who enjoy gambling safely can continue to do so, while protecting those who may enter gambling harm.
A safe bet—Jim Shannon.