The inclusion of football governance in the King’s Speech is very welcome.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend confirm what discussions she has had with the FA on whether the independent regulator will include women’s football, and when the Government intend to publish their response to the Carney review?
I have regular discussions with the FA—indeed, I met its chair yesterday.
At the moment, the regulator will cover the men’s game, but I also met Karen Carney a week or so ago.
Her review is extremely important to women’s football and women’s sport, and I very much look forward to publishing our response to that report, which we will do very shortly.
There was concern that the Premier League made very late representations and tried to water down the powers of the regulator.
Will the Secretary of State say what the Government’s response to that intervention by the Premier League was?
We want to ensure that we get the regulator right.
It is essential that we protect fans and bring forward the legislation that the Labour party failed to bring forward.
The legislation will strike absolutely the right balance between protecting fans and ensuring that our premier league and our football remain a competitive, world-class sport across the globe.
We now come to the shadow Minister.
Football clubs are more than businesses; they are at the heart of communities up and down the country, but too many clubs are being pushed to the brink, leaving fans from Scunthorpe to Reading worried that their club might be damaged beyond repair by the time a regulator is brought in.
Will the Secretary of State update us on what immediate action and interim measures the Department is taking to ensure that an independent regulator for football is ready to go as soon as new legislation is passed?
We are taking absolutely those measures: we are putting in place a shadow regulator, and we have advertised for the appointment of the regulator’s chief operating officer.
We want to ensure that as soon as the legislation is on the books, everything is ready so that it can come into force as soon as possible.
I notice that the Football Task Force was set up in 1997 by the incoming Labour Government to look at systemic issues in football and make recommendations to Ministers on how to address them.
However, despite a number of reports identifying significant failings in the sport, a member of that taskforce’s working group reported that the Labour Government made it clear that they could not, and would not, deliver a statutory regulator.
This Government are bringing that regulator in.
What steps her Department is taking to support commercial radio and television in the context of the development of new transmission platforms.
I note that my hon.
Friend has in the past been a big star on the airwaves himself.
Last week, the Government introduced the Media Bill into Parliament.
The Bill will ensure that our world-leading TV and radio sectors are able to compete in the new digital world, so that they can continue to produce great content for the audiences of the future.
If I were to say, “Hey, Siri, can I have GB News radio?”
or “Alexa, play GB News radio”—[Interruption.]
Of course I would say GB News radio.
It is the most successful news channel now, pulling in a bigger audience at most times of the day than either the BBC News channel or Sky—TalkTV cannot even be measured.
Anyway, I am going off the subject.
Order.
I am trying to help you, because if you do not get to the question, you will not be asking it.
Come on!
My question is: what provisions are in place, if any, to ensure that if I do say those things, I get GB News radio, not another channel, and I am not charged for it?
He’ll be asking for Radio Caroline next.
[Laughter.]
The measures in the Media Bill will protect the position of radio in relation to voice-activated smart speakers, ensuring that listeners can find their favourite radio stations on request.
In particular, when a listener requests a specific station, they should receive that station.
What steps she is taking with the Secretary of State for Education to increase the uptake of music among children.
In June 2022, we published the new national plan for music education, which aims to level up music opportunities for all children and young people regardless of circumstance, needs or geography.
Since publication, we have worked with the Department for Education to progress delivery of the music hub investment programme and the music progression fund.
I recently welcomed Bath young carers from the Bath Philharmonia to perform music in Parliament, and it was a wonderful evening.
Sadly, too few young people have the opportunity to learn an instrument, or to perform or enjoy music, and the number of GCSE music entrants has fallen by 12.5%.
The Minister mentioned the new national plan for music education.
Will he update us on how many schools have implemented that plan, and will we get regular updates about any increase in the number of GCSE music entrants?
I am sorry that I was unable to hear the visiting group from the hon.
Lady’s constituency, but I am delighted that it came.
As I have said, we are investing £25 million in the provision of musical instruments through music hubs.
I can tell her that the proportion of pupils studying for a music qualification at key stage 4 over the past years has remained stable at about 7% to 8%.