The post-Brexit tightening of immigration rules and the Brexit-caused cost of living crisis are having a disproportionate impact on the creative sector, as the UK Government continue to squeeze public services.
In advance of the autumn statement next week, what representations are the Secretary of State and the Department making to the Chancellor to ensure that the creative sector is adequately funded and protected, so that Scotland can receive the Barnett consequentials from that in order to continue to support our wonderful and, as the Minister says, world-leading creative industry?
The Chancellor has been very generous to the creative industries and I hope that he will continue to be so.
However, I would point out to the hon.
Lady that Creative Scotland benefits from a grant in aid budget of around £63 million, and I would have thought that she might welcome the fact that in the last March Budget the UK Government announced £8.6 million in support for two of Edinburgh’s world-leading festivals.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
May I first welcome the new Secretary of State to her place—[Interruption.]
I mean the shadow Secretary of State.
I also welcome all the new Ministers: it is a pleasure to work with them and I look forward to doing so over the coming months.
Since we last met for questions, my Department has been busy delivering on the priorities of the Government.
On Monday, the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew)  and I met more than 150 businesses in Manchester to ensure that we build the creative industries not just in London but across the north.
We made an announcement to drive growth in our creative industries with more than £10 million to scale up hundreds of creative industry businesses.
We are protecting and upholding media freedom, with an updated national action plan for the safety of journalists, and a new taskforce to tackle the misuse of strategic lawsuits against public participation by individuals who want to muzzle the press.
As well as that, we are creating opportunities across the UK— Order.
I am sorry, but we have only eight minutes for topicals and I really am struggling to get everyone in.
I call Gavin Newlands.
Tonight, Scotland will play what amounts to a dead rubber because we have qualified for the Euros with two games to spare.
It is an unusual feeling for us and we do not know quite what to do.
Generations of young Scottish football fans, unlike their English and Welsh counterparts, are unable to see their national football team on free-to-air television.
Scotland is one of only seven out of 55 UEFA countries where the national team is hidden behind a paywall.
In these times when families are really struggling, does the Secretary of State think that is fair in principle?
I did not catch all of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, but I think he asked about broadcasting rights and Scottish teams.
He needs to understand, because he raises this question from time to time, that there is a balance between audience numbers and commercial revenues for sport.
As he knows, sport is devolved to the Scottish Government—