I bring some sad news to the House this morning: my Conservative predecessor, Sir Thomas Arnold, died on Tuesday.
He is known to many on the Conservative Benches for his years of work—a decade or so—as chair of candidates.
He was the godson of Ivor Novello, and as well as inheriting the rights to various of his musicals, he also inherited his piano.
He was quite a character and was a great support to me, and gave me much wise advice; whether I always followed it is a different matter.
As chair of candidates, Sir Thomas oversaw the 1987 and 1992 elections, and is responsible—or, indeed, culpable—for a number of Members being in this House today.
His guiding words were these: “The Conservative Party…is looking for men and women who have a good working knowledge of contemporary politics and a proven track record of experience…who above all know their own minds.”
With those words in mind, might the Leader of the House be able to facilitate a debate so that we can all learn how parties across the House can attract such candidates to be elected to this place?
I am sure I speak for all Members present when I say how sorry we are at that sad news, and that our thoughts are with Sir Thomas’s friends and family.
He achieved the only Conservative gain in the 1974 election, which was the second time he stood for Parliament.
He was Parliamentary Private Secretary in the Northern Ireland Office and later in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
He was vice-chairman of the party under Peter Brooke in 1983, and I am told that the most enjoyable time he spent in Parliament was when he headed the Commons Treasury Select Committee, which included an investigation into the downfall of Barings bank.
He achieved a great deal for this country, and we remember him and his service fondly.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] On  26 October  in a point of order, I named Zaher Birawi and Muhammad Qassem Sawalha as Hamas operatives living in London.
Since then, further Hamas operatives such as Majed Khalil al-Zeer and Ziad El Aloul have come to light as British nationals with links to Hamas, a terrorist organisation.
Given the national security implications, can we have an urgent statement in Government time on what the Home Office is doing about Hamas operatives here in Britain?