Turning to the questions raised by the shadow Leader of the House, her first point was about Rwanda.
She will expect me to say that further business will be announced in the usual way, but as she will have heard from the Prime Minister, we want to introduce this legislation swiftly.
It is part of a plan of action that he has set out and that has been worked on by the Home Office and other Departments, together with the largest ever small boats deal with France; a new agreement with Albania, which has already returned nearly 5,000 people in the last 10 months and cut Albanian small boat arrivals by more than 90%; an almost 70% increase in the number of illegal working raids; a tripling in the number of asylum decisions since the start of the year; a plan to close the first 50 asylum hotels; and the legislation that we have brought forward.
There are many points of difference, but one key difference is that we believe there must be a deterrent element to our response.
The hon.
Lady’s party voted 70 times against the legislation that we have brought forward and Opposition Members also supported blocking the deportation of foreign criminals.
The people of this country want our borders to be protected and controlled.
They want to ensure that we are free and able to help those we wish to and have the greatest obligation to.
Under the last Labour Government, the mode of illegal travel here was largely haulage.
We ended that.
Brexit has also given us many more options to shape who comes here legally.
We must end the scourge of these appalling people-traffickers.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Fareham (Suella Braverman) , assisted by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  and others, have helped us thus far, and I thank them for all the work that they have been doing.
It has been difficult work.
There is more to do, but we are a step closer to the deterrent that we seek.
I urge the shadow Leader of the House to support us in our efforts.
We will introduce legislation; it is quite normal, as she knows, to do that even if it is not included in the King’s Speech.
There are many potential situations for that to arise on a number of issues facing Parliament in this Session.
The hon.
Lady raised the issue of the new Foreign Secretary, a person who has done a tremendous amount on the last topic that she raised—combating illegal migration  —through his work with Professor Paul Collier and the work that he has done on conflict states.
He was ahead of the curve on that issue, and I think that he will make an excellent Foreign Secretary.
She is right that the House must be able to hold him to account.
This is not an unusual situation; it has happened before with the noble Lords Mandelson, Adonis, Frost, Morgan and I think others.
The hon.
Lady should be reassured that Mr Speaker has taken advice on the matter.
My understanding is that the Procedure Committee will be consulted on the best way forward.
She alluded to some of the options that may be required of the new Foreign Secretary, who I know will want to be accountable to this House.
There are very important matters in front of us.
Next year will be an unprecedented year for elections across the world, with significant consequences for this nation and an ever- increasing set of complex issues that I know all hon.
Members will want to question the Foreign Secretary on.
She has my assurance in that respect.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.