The Minister might want to pass that question on to a Transport Minister!
We in DCMS are always happy to try to deliver what our colleagues want, and I am delighted that Villa Park is a great venue and has exciting plans.
Birmingham and the west midlands region has benefited from significant investment as part of the Commonwealth games, but my hon.
Friend is right to say that we will be working with partners right across Government, and in other organisations, to ensure that Euro 2028 is one of the most exciting events we have seen in this country.
I am not sure whether my right hon.
Friend has been to Villa Park, but some of us may differ on its condition.
We will leave it to Gareth Southgate to prepare the team to go one step further and win the championship when it comes around, but will my right hon.
Friend ensure that the security and travel arrangements, and most importantly the ticketing arrangements, maximise the capability of people to enjoy our beautiful game?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that issue.
In my role I get the great opportunity to go to many exciting events— Which is your favourite?
Well, Eurovision of course.
I always make sure that I take the opportunity to meet fans and see the experience that they are having at these events, so that we learn from them and ensure that we are addressing any issues that come up.
That is why we will be working with all operational partners to ensure that every match is a good one for people to enjoy.
St James’ Park in the heart of Newcastle will be welcoming European football fans as part of Euro 2028, and we are very proud of that.
Following the 2012 Olympics, sports participation did not increase.
Will the Minister set out what the Government will do to ensure that the legacy of Euro 2028 is increased participation across Newcastle?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
Legacy is incredibly important to me.
That is why we have been giving hundreds of millions of pounds to improve on and build new grassroots sports facilities, so that there are plenty of opportunities for people to enjoy the things they want to do that are inspired by tournaments just like Euro 2028.
This should be an opportunity for fans to celebrate and enjoy.
I remember the 1996 Euros, when the Danish fans came to Sheffield and drank the city dry, without any problems or disorder whatsoever.
Will the Minister give two commitments?
First, will he engage with the Football Supporters’ Association in full planning for this?
It needs to be involved because it has really good ideas and experience.
Secondly, will he talk to the authorities about ticket pricing, so that those on low incomes, and particularly children, can get to the games and enjoy the events?
I absolutely commit to engage with the Football Supporters’ Association.
I also met fans ahead of the European championship finals in Istanbul this year.
The hon.
Gentleman is right, and there are lots  of issues for us to discuss.
We are in constant discussions with the likes of UEFA, for example, to which I will happily make those representations.
Whether she has had recent discussions with representatives of the creative industries in Scotland on the impact of the UK’s exit from the EU on those industries.
I and my officials regularly meet representatives of the creative industries in Scotland, and we were pleased to be joined by representatives from Creative Scotland, the Scottish Government and the Creative Industries Council earlier this week.
We will continue to work closely with colleagues in Scotland to ensure that the UK’s creative industries remain world leading following the UK’s exit from the European Union.
Notwithstanding the Minister’s answer, polling by the Independent Society of Musicians has shown that almost half of musicians in the music industry have had less work in the EU post Brexit, and 40% have had to cancel work in the EU due to the increased cost of travelling and working in the EU.
How can the Minister continue to pretend that Brexit has not harmed musicians, when the costs are so enormous and have been explained to this Government many, many times?
We are continuing to work to make it easier for musicians from this country to tour in Europe, and we have managed to establish arrangements with 24 out of 27 member states that now allow visa and work permit-free routes for UK performers for short-term touring.
We continue to engage in discussions with countries individually to make further improvements.