Following the successful artificial intelligence summit, can my right hon.
Friend update us on his conversations with the media industry to make sure that safeguards are in place while we also reap important jobs for the future?
Rapid development of AI poses major questions for many industries, including our vital press sector.
We are hosting roundtables with broadcasters and news publishers to discuss the risks and opportunities of AI to journalism, and we intend to continue the conversation with the sector over the coming months.
UK- inbound tourism has lost the equivalent of 15,000 jobs following the 83% fall in EU student groups visiting our country because of post-Brexit passport and visa  requirements.
I was heartened to read in the about the proposed deal that the Prime Minister wants to strike with France following his summit with President Macron.
Are any other deals like that in the pipeline?
That is an excellent deal.
Of course, we would like to replicate it if that is possible.
Swim Torquay provides a vital community facility in Plainmoor, yet it missed out on funding from the Government’s swimming pool support fund.
Will the Minister agree to a meeting to discuss how it can still be supported to meet the essential costs that it faces?
It is precisely because we recognise how important swimming pools are that we have this fund.
We have allocated £140,000 to the Riviera International Centre in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I know that the local council is seeking funding from phase 2.
I will happily arrange a meeting with colleagues and Sport England.
A YMCA report last year found that £1.1 billion had been cut from youth services since 2010-11—a real-terms cut of 74%.
While the Government’s national youth guarantee does provide a funding injection for youth services, it is nowhere near enough to reverse those cuts, and the funding is predominantly for capital investments.
Will the Secretary of State commit to providing youth services with the sustainable revenue funding that they desperately need?
I invite the hon.
Member to read a speech I gave on youth, which is a massive priority of mine.
We are funding significantly through DCMS and through the National Citizen Service as well as through a number of Departments.
There are Home Office funds, Justice funds, and funds through the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
For me, as a massive Bath rugby fan, it is difficult to represent a seat in Leicestershire, what with the Tigers being there.
With that said, the nice thing that brings all rugby fans together is the ability to watch the game.
There is concern, though, about the governance of premiership rugby and how it is run.
Could the Minister update us on where we are up to on that?
I know that he has taken a special interest in trying to get that organised.
I know that my hon.
Friend has taken a keen interest in this, and he is absolutely right that we need to see improved governance.
That is why we appointed two special advisers, who have been working with both the premier league and the Rugby Football Union to come up with solutions.
We are having meetings with them constantly and will ensure that they progress.
Citizens across the EU now benefit from increased transparency in how big tech companies target them with adverts and propaganda  thanks to the Digital Services Act.
Of course, we have missed out because of Brexit.
What will the Government do to provide increased transparency and tackle bad-faith actors using big tech to target our citizens?
The online advertising taskforce has come forward with a number of measures, and we are looking both to legislate in this area in due course and to introduce non-statutory measures.
We are committed to protecting vulnerable people from inappropriate advertising, and to tackling fraudulent advertising.
The inclusion of five additional sports in the Los Angeles Olympics programme could provide extra medal prospects for Team GB, especially as our women are current European flag champions, the England, Scotland and Wales women’s lacrosse teams are in the top 10, and we have two men and one woman in the top 10 for squash.
However, to ensure success, funding for the 2028 Olympics needs to be secured before Paris next year, so what discussions is the Minister having with the new lottery provider and the Treasury to ensure that UK sport is adequately funded for those sports and others for LA28?
I was interested to discover this morning
that my hon.
Friend has a horse named after her, called Commander Crouch—if anyone wants a good investment, there you go.
The UK sports investment process for Los Angeles is under way.
I welcome the fact that there are these new sports, including flag football; I know that my hon.
Friend is a big fan of American football.
UK Sport will consider the funding for all those new sports, and I will soon have a meeting with its representatives to get an update.
Local newspapers are under threat.
When the community news project was introduced in 2018 for newspapers such as the Cambridge News, it was widely welcomed.
The project was supported by tech giant Meta, but it has now withdrawn funding.
Will the Minister join me and others in calling for it to rethink its decision?
I met representatives of Meta earlier in the week, and I did make clear to them the Government’s disappointment at the withdrawal of the community news project.
We are looking to ensure that newspapers are properly compensated by the tech giants, and measures to ensure that are contained in the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
After the tremendous success of the Commonwealth games in Birmingham in 2021, I was delighted to hear last week that our fantastic mayor Andy Street has secured a £9 million legacy fund from the Commonwealth games for communities to participate in grassroots projects.
Does my right hon.
Friend agreed that this is a fantastic opportunity for organisations in constituencies such as mine and across the west midlands bid for the fund in order to promote physical and mental activities in local communities?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
It is wonderful to see the legacy from the Commonwealth games.
I join her in telling people to reach out and apply.
That will be coupled with the significant investment that we are putting into grassroots sports so that communities can come together and enjoy the sports they like, and improve their physical and mental wellbeing.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— What recent discussions the Committee has had with the Electoral Commission on party spending limits for elections.
The Committee has not had recent discussions with the Commission on the matters raised.
The Electoral Commission supports political parties to comply with their legal obligations to adhere to spending limits during an election campaign, and publishes their spending.
That provides voters with transparency over the money spent by political parties during elections and assurance that there is a level playing field for all political parties.
Public confidence in the integrity of our democracy is only harmed by the idea that somehow it can be bought by the people with the deepest pockets.
Can the hon.
Member assure me that the Electoral Commission understands that in setting those limits, it is a question not simply of finance and arithmetic but of the integrity of the system and that level playing field?
The UK Government’s proposals to increase the spending limits and donation reporting thresholds represent a significant change to the UK’s political finance controls.
The Commission’s research shows a long-term decline in public confidence in the political finance system.
Any changes to spending or reporting thresholds must be supported by rigorous analysis, including on the likely impact on public confidence and transparency.
The Commission has not seen any evidence to support these changes.
It is concerned that the proposals risk damaging the transparency of political donations and give significantly more scope for higher-spending parties to campaign.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked— What recent progress the Church of England has made on increasing engagement with children and young people.
My hon.
Friend is right to focus on the importance of this issue.
The Church of England is working hard to create a church that is younger and more diverse, doubling  the number of children and young active disciples by 2030.
More than £60 million has been awarded to five dioceses to achieve that.
Recently, I had the opportunity to be at the patronal service where 12 young people from St Mary’s church in Kenton and St Lawrence’s church in Stanmore were confirmed in the Church of England.
That demonstrates that young people are attracted to the church, but what more can my hon.
Friend—and the Church—do to attract younger people to come into the church and fulfil their destiny?
I am delighted to learn about the good work at St Mary’s Kenton and St Lawrence’s Stanmore, where 12 young people were recently confirmed.
The good news is that the £60 million is being well spent, and is producing promising results across the Church of England.
We need to see a lot more of it.
Whenever I was a child in the ’60s—it wasn’t yesterday—every child in Ballywalter attended Sunday school meetings.
Today, it is a different generation.
National Sunday attendance figures for under-16s have dropped below 100,000 for the first time.
I understand that the Church is reaching out to young people, but perhaps we need to reach out a wee bit differently.
What plans are there to do that?
As always, the hon.
Gentleman is on the money.
I can tell him that the Church’s strategic mission and ministry investment board is doing exactly that: investing in a range of different organisations that are connecting really well with young people, often through community projects.
Large numbers of them are coming to church and staying there, which is brilliant.
If the Church Commissioners will take steps to share good practice from the work of the Lichfield cathedral summer school.