9:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 2960, to develop economic tools to deter aggression by the People's Republic of China against Taiwan, S. 2130, to make improvements to the AUKUS partnership, S. 2424, to require a report of, and a strategy to combat, arms sales of the Government of the People's Republic of China, S. 1744, to amend the Arms Export Control Act to include Taiwan among the list of recipient countries with respect to which shorter certification and reporting periods apply and to expedite licensing for allies transferring military equipment to Taiwan, S. 2626, to strengthen the leadership role of the United States at the InterAmerican Development Bank, S. 2146, to require the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund to advocate for increased transparency with respect to exchange rate policies of the People's Republic of China, S. 2950, to require the Secretary of State and relevant executive branch agencies to address international scam compounds defrauding people in the United States, to hold significant transnational criminal organizations accountable, S. 2550, to provide for international cooperation to secure critical mineral supply chains, S. 1854, to require the imposition of sanctions with respect to political and economic elites in Haiti, S. 2657, to impose sanctions relating to the support of the People's Republic of China for the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation, S. 2018, to modify certain limitations and exclusions regarding defense articles and requirements regarding security assistance and sales with respect to the Republic of Cyprus, S. 799, to establish and implement a multi-year Legal Gold and Mining Partnership Strategy to reduce the negative environmental and social impacts of illicit gold mining in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2684, to support countries in Latin America and the Caribbean that maintain official diplomatic relations with Taiwan, to counter efforts by the People's Republic of China to coerce or pressure governments into breaking such ties, to deepen coordination with Taiwan on diplomatic, development, and economic engagement in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2224, to amend the Taiwan Allies International Protection and Enhancement Initiative (TAIPEI) Act of 2019 to provide that the United States, in its role as a member of any