Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine Medicare Advantage annual

enrollment, focusing on cracking down on deceptive

practices and improving senior experiences.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Monica M.

Bertagnolli, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the

National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and

Human Services.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jacob J.

Lew, of New York, to be Ambassador to the State of

Israel.
2 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Space and Science

To hold hearings to examine promoting safety, innovation,

and competitiveness in U.S. commercial human space

activities.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Immigration, Citizenship, and Border Safety

To hold hearings to examine the nation's immigration

courts, focusing on preserving due process and the rule

of law.
OCTOBER 19

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold open and closed hearings to examine the findings

Posture of the United States; to be immediately

followed by a closed hearing in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Tanya F.

Otsuka, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National

Credit Union Administration Board, Mark Toshiro Uyeda,

of California, to be a Member of the Securities and

Exchange Commission, Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, to

be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Export-

Import Bank of the United States, Jennifer L. Fain, of

Virginia, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit

Insurance Corporation, and Claudia Slacik, of New York,

and William Brodsky, of Illinois, both to be a Director

of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

due diligence process for awarding competitive grants

and loans funded through the Inflation Reduction Act

and the bipartisan Infrastructure Law and the

Department's overall innovation investment strategy.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Richard H.

Riley IV, of California, to be Ambassador to the

Federal Republic of Somalia, Mark Toner, of

Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Liberia, and Herro Mustafa Garg, of California, to be

Ambassador to the Arab Republic of Egypt, all of the

Department of State, David E. White, Jr., of New York,

to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps, Paul K.

Martin, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United

States Agency for International Development, and other

pending nominations.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Mustafa

Taher Kasubhai, to be United States District Judge for

the District of Oregon, John A. Kazen, to be United

States District Judge for the Southern District of

Texas, Eumi K. Lee, to be United States District Judge

for the Northern District of California, Shanlyn A.S.

Park, and Micah W.J. Smith, both to be a United States

District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Jamel

Semper, to be United States District Judge for the

District of New Jersey.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Israel and Ukraine against

terror.