Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to express my

sincere appreciation to Mr. Gary Carpenter for the excellent

professional and dedicated service he has rendered as the Congressional

Liaison for the United States Air Force Academy for the past 18 years.
He previously served his country in the U.S. Air Force from 1982 to

2004, as an active-duty enlisted Public Affairs Specialist for the U.S.

Northern Command/NORAD and the Uniformed Services University.
The

productive and collaborative relationships he has fostered between the

USAFA Directorate of Admissions and congressional offices across the

nation will be greatly missed.
I have no doubt Mr. Carpenter will leave

USAFA in good hands.
His accomplishments attest to his integrity,

quality of character and his dedication to the institution and country

which he has served with such honor.
It has been the privilege of my staff to work with him and his office

throughout the years on behalf of potential Air Force Academy

candidates from Texas.
As he moves on to new challenges, Mr. Carpenter

has had a tremendous and positive impact on the futures of thousands of

students and military leaders.
On behalf of myself and my colleagues in the U.S. House of

Representatives, I extend my warmest regards to Gary Carpenter on a job

well done and wish him all the very best in the future.
He has our

thanks and gratitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, October 17, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 18

10 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold joint hearings to examine military to civilian

transition, focusing on success after service.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine achieving health care

efficiency, focusing on improving care and lowering

costs.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael

G. Whitaker, of Vermont, to be Administrator of the

Federal Aviation Administration, Department of

Transportation, Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland,

Melissa Holyoak, of Utah, and Andrew N. Ferguson, of

Virginia, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner,

Anthony Rosario Coscia, of New Jersey, Christopher

Koos, of Illinois, and Joel Matthew Szabat, of

Maryland, each to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of

Directors, Douglas Dziak, of Virginia, to be a

Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission,

and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the implications of Sackett

v. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for Clean Water

Act of wetlands and streams.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine Medicare Advantage annual

enrollment, focusing on cracking down on deceptive

practices and improving senior experiences.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Monica M.

Bertagnolli, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the

National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and

Human Services.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jacob J.

Lew, of New York, to be Ambassador to the State of

Israel.