From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ENGINEERING EDUCATION AT

CALIFORNIA STATE UNIVERSITY, FRESNO

HON.
KEVIN McCARTHY

Mr. McCARTHY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

100th Anniversary of Engineering Education at California State

University, Fresno.
Since its founding, the Lyles College of

Engineering at Fresno State has prepared the Central Valley's

engineering workforce by providing a quality education for college

students.
The origin of Fresno State's engineering programs dates back to the

1922-1923 academic year, when Professor Herbert Wheaton was hired as

the university's first civil engineering instructor with 35 students

enrolled in the program.
In the decades to come, the College of

Engineering would only continue to expand with the emergence of the

civil engineering, electrical engineering and mechanical engineering

programs.
Fresno State launched its geomatics engineering program in

1979, which became the first accredited professional geomatics program

in the United States to prepare students for careers in surveying and

engineering related to the earth's surface.
Today, the Lyles College of

Engineering offers a comprehensive set of seven undergraduate degree

programs, including architectural studies, civil engineering, computer

engineering, construction management, electrical engineering, geomatics

engineering, and mechanical engineering, as well as five graduate

degree programs.
Over the past 100 years, Fresno State has educated tens of thousands

highly skilled engineering workforce for California and the nation.
Fresno State graduates have made great strides in the Central Valley,

the United States, and around the world.
Today, over 60 percent of its

students are the first to attend college in their families.
Lyles College has produced presidents and CEOs of large corporations,

astronauts, entrepreneurs, designers, construction managers, engineers,

and innovators who have served in both public and private sectors.
Notable alumni include: Sam Iacobellis, an icon of the aerospace

industry who led the manufacturing of the B-1 bomber during the Cold

War; James Kardach, a tech innovator who contributed greatly towards

the development of the Bluetooth standard; and Colonel Rick Husband,

astronaut and commander of the U.S. Space Shuttle Columbia.
A total of

26 alumni from Lyles College have been honored with Fresno State's

distinguished Top Dog Alumni.
Today, Lyles College is an essential part of educating the future

workforce and preparing students with the technological skills required

to succeed.
In addition to its impact on the students it serves, the

Lyles College of Engineering has strong partnerships with local and

regional industry groups and government agencies, and it is a catalyst

for regional economic development.
Lyles College has contributed valuable research in areas such as

transportation, structural engineering, water technologies, deep space

networks, and agricultural technologies.
At the dawn of its second

century, Lyles College is well positioned for growth in innovation,

research, and academic programs, and it will continue its leadership

and impact in the greater San Joaquin Valley of California and beyond.
On behalf of the 20th Congressional District of California, I would

like to congratulate the students, faculty, staff, and leadership at

the Lyles College of Engineering for 100 successful years of

engineering education at California State University, Fresno, and know

that Fresno State will continue to be integral in graduating the next

century of innovators of our Valley, State and Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF GARY CARPENTER

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to express my

sincere appreciation to Mr. Gary Carpenter for the excellent

professional and dedicated service he has rendered as the Congressional

Liaison for the United States Air Force Academy for the past 18 years.
He previously served his country in the U.S. Air Force from 1982 to

2004, as an active-duty enlisted Public Affairs Specialist for the U.S.

Northern Command/NORAD and the Uniformed Services University.
The

productive and collaborative relationships he has fostered between the

USAFA Directorate of Admissions and congressional offices across the

nation will be greatly missed.