Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Richard H.

Riley IV, of California, to be Ambassador to the

Federal Republic of Somalia, Mark Toner, of

Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of

Liberia, and Herro Mustafa Garg, of California, to be

Ambassador to the Arab Republic of Egypt, all of the

Department of State, David E. White, Jr., of New York,

to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps, Paul K.

Martin, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United

States Agency for International Development, and other

pending nominations.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Mustafa

Taher Kasubhai, to be United States District Judge for

the District of Oregon, John A. Kazen, to be United

States District Judge for the Southern District of

Texas, Eumi K. Lee, to be United States District Judge

for the Northern District of California, Shanlyn A.S.

Park, and Micah W.J. Smith, both to be a United States

District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Jamel

Semper, to be United States District Judge for the

District of New Jersey.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Israel and Ukraine against

terror.
2247-RHOB

OCTOBER 25

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 175, to codify certain

public land orders relating to the revocation of

certain withdrawals of public land in the State of

Alaska, S. 1348, to redesignate land within certain

wilderness study areas in the State of Wyoming, S.

1719, to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of

2003 to establish emergency fireshed management areas,

S. 1764, to improve Federal activities relating to

wildfires, S. 1889, to provide for the recognition of

certain Alaska Native communities and the settlement of

certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims

Settlement Act, S. 2132, to require the Secretary of

Agriculture to establish a pilot program for the

establishment and use of a pre-fire-suppression stand

density index, S. 2151, to amend the Southwest Forest

Health and Wildlife Prevention Act of 2004 to require

the establishment of an additional Institute under that

Act, S. 2581, to extend the Secure Rural Schools and

Community Self-Determination Act of 2000, S. 2615, to

amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to

provide that Village Corporations shall not be required

to convey land in trust to the

State of Alaska for the establishment of Municipal

Corporations, S. 2855, to modernize and streamline the

permitting process for broadband infrastructure on

Federal land, S. 2867, to address the forest health

crisis on the National Forest System and public lands,

S. 2991, to improve revegetation and carbon

sequestration activities in the United States, S. 3033,

to withdraw certain Federal land in the Pecos Watershed

area of the State of New Mexico from mineral entry, S.

3036, to require the Secretary of the Interior to

convey to the State of Utah certain Federal land under

the administrative jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land

Management within the boundaries of Camp Williams,

Utah, an original bill to provide for the transfer of

administrative jurisdiction over certain Federal land

in the State of California, an original bill to

establish a policy regarding appraisal and valuation

services for real property for a transaction over which

the Secretary of the Interior has jurisdiction, an

original bill to redesignate the Mount Evans Wilderness

as the ``Mount Blue Sky Wilderness'', and H.R. 3324, to

extend the authority to collect Shasta-Trinity Marina

fees through fiscal year 2029.
OCTOBER 26

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine evaluating alternative

materials for single-use plastics.
NOVEMBER 7

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold hearings to examine causes of roadway safety

challenges and possible interventions.