I am not going to anticipate the announcement that we may make tomorrow, but I am hugely grateful for the hon.
Gentleman raising this issue.
We are a proud founding member of the Global Fund and were very pleased to co-host its eighth replenishment alongside South Africa.
I look forward to making an announcement very shortly.
What recent steps his Department has taken to facilitate the seizure of frozen Russian assets.
We have renewed engagement with our allies to pursue all lawful avenues to make Russia pay for Putin’s illegal war on Ukraine.
I have engaged with G7 Foreign Ministers on this, and I look forward to speaking to partners at the NATO Hague summit later on today.
I saw for myself the impact of Russia’s barbarism in Kyiv and Chernihiv last month, and I heard directly from some of the brave Ukrainians who had been subject to war crimes in Yahidne.
There is a lot going on in the world at the moment, but what assurances can the Foreign Secretary give the House and those Ukrainians waiting to be able to go home that he is straining every sinew so that Russia pays for its crimes and war crimes?
Our support is iron-clad.
The hon.
Lady will have seen our continuing package of sanctions on Russia and will recognise that this issue will be central to our discussions at NATO later on today and tomorrow.
Whether it is at the G7, NATO or Weimar+, the UK continues to lead on this critical issue, not just for Ukraine but for European security.
Will the Foreign Secretary consider further sanctions on the Russian regime for the forced deportation of Ukrainian children?
In recent peace talks, the Russian delegation proposed an exchange of prisoners of war for Ukrainian children who had been stolen from their homes, thereby equating combatants with children, who receive special protected status under international law.
Is that not horrific?
Does the Foreign Secretary share my concern that 53,000 Ukrainian children are expected to attend “summer camps” in Russia this summer, from which they are unlikely to return to their homes?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for continuing to prosecute this issue and for raising it at every opportunity.
It is a heinous crime.
We have already sanctioned some of the individuals who lie behind it.
I will not comment on future sanctions, but we are, of course, keeping this under full consideration.
It will be a topic of discussion with both Ukrainian Foreign Ministers and NATO Ministers later today.