The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to support the provision of medical aid in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help ensure that humanitarian aid is delivered to Gaza.
Israel must immediately allow rapid and unhindered aid into Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary raised the humanitarian situation with Israeli Foreign Minister Sa’ar on Sunday.
We recently announced £4 million of further UK humanitarian support for Gazans, and we will continue to urge Israel to lift restrictions on humanitarian aid to allow the UN and other aid organisations to operate safely and independently.
This morning I heard from my medical colleague, Dr Rebecca Inglis, of Healthcare Workers Watch, that a GP in Gaza was killed by Israeli soldiers—shot in the head, Mr Speaker.
He is just one of 1,200 healthcare workers who have been murdered by Israeli forces.
Countless others have been unlawfully detained and tortured.
Israel is deliberately destroying the Palestinian healthcare system.
Will the Minister please raise these issues with his Israeli counterpart?
I can confirm that I have raised these issues with my Israeli counterpart.
It is appalling that hundreds of healthcare workers have reportedly been killed since the start of the conflict.
We continue to urge the Israeli authorities to ensure that incidents are investigated transparently and that those responsible are held to account and lessons learned.
Healthcare workers, premises and facilities must be protected, allowing medical staff to do their work.
More than 450 Palestinians have been killed in recent weeks as Israeli forces have opened fire on those attempting to collect aid from the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation.
The people of Gaza not only face daily risks from bombs and bullets, but the ever-present danger of man-made drought and famine.
Will the Government commit to using all resources at their disposal, including further sanctions and an arms embargo to ensure that aid is delivered to Gaza under the auspices of the UN and other suitably qualified bodies?
The killing of civilians at aid distribution centres in Gaza is horrifying.
Israel must fulfil its obligations under international law to ensure unhindered humanitarian assistance.
I will not speculate about future sanctions or arms embargoes, but we continue to engage with our partners and will not hesitate to take further action if the Government of Israel do not change course.
Mussa Abu Darabi is just one of hundreds of Palestinians who have been killed trying to access food from the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation in recent weeks.
Fifteen international human rights organisations have now warned that the GHF may face legal consequences for “aiding and abetting, or otherwise being complicit, in crimes under international law, including war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide.”
Will the Minister join me in condemning the murder of desperate and starving people?
What assessment does he make of the GHF’s legality?
No one should risk death or injury to feed their family.
As I said in this House on  4 June , Israel’s aid delivery measures are inhumane.
We will not support any mechanism that endangers civilians.
We have continually called on Israel, including most recently on Sunday, immediately to allow the UN and aid partners to safely deliver all types of aid at scale.
On three occasions in answering this question the Minister has said that “Israel must”.
What will he do if Israel does not?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, this Government have taken a series of actions in response to developments in Gaza.
We will continue to take such actions until the situation changes.
What is the Government’s assessment of how effectively medical aid can be delivered to those in need in Gaza, including the remaining Israeli hostages?
Aid can be delivered effectively into Gaza.
There are established mechanisms through the United Nations and its partners, and we want to see those mechanisms in place.
The hon.
Gentleman raises the vital question of ensuring that the hostages themselves get sufficient access to food.
Both my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary and I have heard directly from Eli Sharabi, a released hostage, who has talked about Hamas’s deprivation of food from the hostages.
That must stop, and they must immediately release all hostages.
My constituents have watched in horror as Israeli forces have reportedly killed more than 400 Palestinians and injured thousands more at aid distribution centres in Gaza.
Over the weekend, dozens more Palestinians were killed while trying to access humanitarian aid.
Why are the Government still permitting the transfer of F-35 components to Israel through the international pool, knowing that these aircrafts may be used in operations causing mass civilian casualties?
We have set out the reasons why the Government have had to take special measures to ensure that the F-35 programme continued to operate, which includes our continued role in the global spares pool in the United States.
However, I agree with the sentiments of the hon.
Lady’s constituents; the deaths around aid distribution centres are clearly horrifying, and there needs to be a full investigation and action taken.
Vitally, aid must get into Gaza at the scale required and from enough distribution centres in order to avoid the horrifying scenes that we have seen.