Over the weekend, while the world’s attention was fixed on the escalating conflict in the middle east, President Putin restated publicly his desire to conquer the whole of Ukraine and his readiness to use nuclear weapons against Kyiv.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s assurance that he is maintaining a focus on Putin’s barbaric war against Ukraine.
The Foreign Secretary previously told the House that Germany and Belgium were the blockers to international agreement on seizing frozen Russian assets.
Will he set out how he and the Prime Minister will raise this proposal with his Belgian and German counterparts at the NATO summit?
Has he considered replicating the EU’s proposals to extract billions of euros more from those assets by moving them into higher yielding investments?
It is important to recognise that the European Union has just come forward with a new sanctions package—its 18th.
I congratulate it on that, given that, as the hon.
Member will recognise, countries like Hungary have been backmarkers and blockers on this issue.
He has heard what I have said on Russian assets: it has been important for new Governments to be able to consider these things afresh and get up to technical speed.
The way forward must be to pool those assets so that all of us bear joint liability, as it were.
The discussions continue apace.
What steps his Department is taking to protect the rights of women and girls globally.
We are steadfast in our support for women and girls; the appointment of Baroness Harman as special envoy underscores that commitment.
We are focusing much of our effort on the most marginalised women and girls, who are disproportionately affected by ongoing conflicts and crises—for example, through food assistance to 800,000 displaced people on the Chad-Sudan border, almost 90% of whom are women and children.
Yesterday, we welcomed an ambitious and much-needed industrial strategy, which will rely on bold trade deals with countries around the world.
Britain has a strong tradition of promoting human rights in its work around the world.
How is the FCDO ensuring that we uphold our commitment to rights for girls and women as we develop trade deals with other countries?
We are using our influence to unlock the full potential of women to participate in the economy—that includes working to include gender provisions in newly negotiated free trade agreements—and we are supporting women-led businesses to realise the benefits of trade.
The developing countries trading scheme provides for 0% tariffs, which disproportionately supports smaller, women-led businesses in low-income countries.
I should like to know what steps the Foreign Office is taking to protect women and girls in this country.
There can be no better candidates for deportation than non-UK nationals who have violently raped children here.
After the Casey report into the gangs scandal last week, Ministers promised that they would do everything they could to deport the men involved.
Will the Foreign Secretary confirm that he has already told Pakistan that British aid and diplomatic visas will be withdrawn if convicted rapists are not taken back?
Minister, have you got something on that question?
It is probably a question for the Home Office, but we in the Foreign Office will do anything we can to support victims and bring people to justice.