Labour’s surrender of British sovereignty has been welcomed by China, Russia and Iran, and now we learn that the UK will have to notify Mauritius of any military operations coming from Diego Garcia, jeopardising our national security.
Far from upholding our international obligations, this treaty is a shameful betrayal of British Chagossians, with no guarantee of access to the Mauritian-controlled £40 million trust fund and British taxpayers forking out £30 billion to subsidise tax cuts in Mauritius.
Why will the Government not allow this House a proper debate and a vote before next week’s 21-day deadline under the Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010?
Should we not keep the Chagos islands British and under the protection of the Crown?
Would that not be a better policy?
Half of the hon.
Gentleman’s question was rhetoric and half of it was completely wrong.
He might want to consider correcting the record on a number of points.
We do not have to inform Mauritius before undertaking military action from the base; that relates to expedition information after actions, so there is no fettering of our ability to operate from there.
The costs he quoted were simply wrong.
It is £101 million averaged over the course of the deal, and the net present value of the payments is £3.4 billion.
All sorts of wild figures have been posted around, but they do not reflect the reality.
This has been considered by the Government Actuary.
I would really have hoped, given the wide geopolitical threats that this country and our allies face at the moment, that he would come up with some more serious questions.
What steps he is taking to strengthen the UK’s relationship with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The United Kingdom and Saudi Arabia are historic allies with a modern partnership.
I met His Highness Prince Faisal bin Farhan immediately after the first Israeli strike, signifying the significant strength and trust in the relationship.
The Prime Minister visited Riyadh for his first strategic partnership council with His Royal Highness the Crown Prince, where he committed to an ambitious programme of co-operation and enhanced mutual prosperity.
I declare an interest as the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia is an important partner for trade and peace in the middle east and for the combating of terrorism around the world.
With reference to recent events in Iran, how is the Foreign Secretary utilising our relationship to involve the Saudi Government in our de-escalation efforts in the region?
I have found it hugely beneficial to be able to speak to His Highness Prince Faisal so closely over the last few days, at the outbreak of this crisis and then again in the last 48 hours.
We stay in close touch, and Saudi Arabia is a key ally.
Of course, we were worried about how the situation would affect regional allies like Saudi Arabia.
There is so much that we can do together, not just on security, but on trade.
Our trade has grown by 70%, and we remain committed to growing our total trade to £30 billion by 2030.
The creation of the Abraham accords was one of the achievements of the first Trump Administration, and the President of the US has said that he aims for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to join those accords.
What are the UK Government doing to encourage that process, and what preconditions does he believe Riyadh has for joining the accords?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a good question.
We should remember when thinking about  7 October  that one of the objectives of Hamas was to tear apart the prospects of normalisation in the region.
Notwithstanding the horrors and pain of the crisis in the region over these last months, the Abraham accords and Israel’s changed relationship with so many Gulf partners in particular, but also other Muslim countries, are important to keep hold of.
We continue to discuss these issues, but there are no prospects until we get to a ceasefire.
What steps his Department is taking to provide assistance to British nationals impacted by conflict in the middle east.
The safety of British nationals is our first priority.
We are providing support and advice to more than 1,000 British nationals as they seek to leave the region by land and air.
We have deployed teams to Israel, Cyprus, Egypt and Jordan.
Our embassy in Tehran has been temporarily withdrawn but continues to provide support to British nationals in Iran remotely.
We have bolstered teams in neighbouring countries to support British nationals seeking to get to safety.
When Israeli airspace opened yesterday, we ran our first RAF evacuation flight, and I can confirm to the House now that we will fly another today.
British nationals in Israel, including the daughter of my constituents, remain concerned about their safety.
The advice has been for British citizens to make their way to Egypt via the border, but there have been some reports that the Israeli Government have suggested those journeys would be unsafe.
Can the Minister clarify the advice to British citizens in that situation?
Travel advice is the best source of advice for British nationals in Israel.
There are options for leaving by land, as my hon.
Friend’s constituents are aware.
There are now options for leaving by air as well, but, as he and the whole House will understand, the flow of flights out of Israel remains limited.
British  nationals in Israel will want to make their own judgments about whether they want to wait for a flight or make a land journey, and my officials are available to advise every constituent on the options before them.
Two of my constituents are currently in Tehran, but they say that fuel shortages, long queues and poor internet access, as well as closed airspace, have made it almost impossible for them to leave Iran.
They urgently need clear guidance, they need a way to formally register their presence, and they need consular support, which they are struggling to access.
Will the Minister urgently meet me to ensure that my constituents get the assistance they need from the Government to come home safely to Eastbourne?
I am, of course, very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The whole House knows that we have advised against all travel to Iran for some time, and we have been clear that our ability to provide consular assistance in Iran is very limited for those reasons, particularly given the temporary withdrawal of our embassy.
We would encourage those in Iran to be in touch with the Foreign Office, and we will provide what advice and support we can.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of recognising the state of Palestine.
We are committed to recognising a Palestinian state at a time that has the most impact and is most conducive to long-term prospects for peace.
UK bilateral recognition is the single most important action we can take towards Palestinian statehood, which is why it is important to get the timing right, so that it creates genuine momentum and is not simply a symbolic gesture.
What is happening in Gaza is hard enough to watch, but if we are to prevent the west bank from going the same way in a few years’ time, we must act today.
Does the Minister agree that recognising the principle of a Palestinian state, without making any judgment for the moment on its borders, is the strongest and most effective way to reaffirm the UK’s long-standing commitment to a two-state solution, while there is still territory left to form it with?
The hon.
Gentleman makes important points about the situation in the west bank—points that we have discussed in this Chamber before.
We have condemned the violence and the expansion of illegal settlements in the west bank.
There are a range of issues on which we profoundly disagree with the Israeli Government in relation to their approach to the west bank, and we will continue to raise those issues with force.
I refer him to my previous answer about recognition.
Can my hon.
Friend update me on the conference that was due to be held at the weekend but was postponed following the bombing of Iran by Israel, at which the potential for recognition was to be discussed?
I think my hon.
Friend refers to the two-state solution conference that was due to take place in New York last week.
It has been suspended for understandable reasons, given events in the region, by its French and Saudi co-hosts.
We expect that it will be rearranged, and I have been in conversation with my Saudi colleagues about when that might be.
What recent progress he has made on securing the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah.
I am committed to securing Alaa Abd el-Fattah’s release—I was committed to this before coming to power, and I remain committed now.
The Government are engaging intensively on this case.
I raise Alaa’s imprisonment every time I am in contact with my Egyptian counterpart, and the Prime Minister has raised it in several conversations with President Sisi.
I think everybody in this Chamber, including the Foreign Secretary, is desperately worried about the health of Laila Soueif, who has felt that she has no choice but to be on hunger strike since her son Alaa should have been released last September.
She is in and out of hospital, desperately ill, “dying in slow motion”, as her daughter says.
I welcome the work that the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have done on this case and the commitments they have made.
As the Foreign Secretary knows, the Egyptians have remained steadfast in their objections.
Can he confirm that he is considering all options to secure Alaa’s release, including changing the Foreign Office travel advice for Egypt to highlight the risk of arbitrary detention, so that no other family is put through this kind of anguish?
This case and Laila’s condition concern me greatly.
It has been a top priority every week that I have been in office.
At every single level—Prime Minister, Foreign Secretary, Minister, National Security Adviser—we are engaged with the Egyptians.
I believe that our strategy is working, but clearly, given Laila’s health, we must see progress at pace with the Egyptian Government.
I recall the right hon.
Gentleman, before he became Foreign Secretary, asking the previous Government what “diplomatic price” Egypt had paid for the arbitrary detention of Alaa, before demanding that “serious diplomatic consequences” should be put on Egypt should it not release him.
Alaa’s mother is now 278 days into a hunger strike and is critically ill, so let me ask him this: since he became Foreign Secretary, what diplomatic price has Egypt paid, and what serious diplomatic consequences can he point to that Egypt has been forced to pay since July last year?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that I remain in close touch with Laila and the family, and that this is a No. 1 priority for me and I expect to see Alaa released.
I gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that he has stood up time after time to raise his concerns about Gaza, and he will understand that if he wants the UK Government to have an effect in Gaza, we must have relations with the Egyptians.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential merits of supporting Pious Projects’ paediatric hospital in Gaza.
We are clear that Israel must immediately allow rapid and unhindered aid into Gaza, including desperately needed medical supplies.
The UK continues to support the delivery of medical assistance through trusted partners, including UK-Med, which has completed over 500,000 patient consultations in Gaza since January 2024.
We will continue to assess how we can best support those in need.
The Foreign Secretary will understand my question, because I wrote to him on  18 June  asking if he would meet Dr Mohammed Mustafa, who has assembled a children’s hospital in prefabricated form in Jordan and is ready to go into Gaza.
It will be able to help the 400,000 children in northern Gaza who have no access to any medical facilities at all at the moment.
This is desperately urgent.
Will the Minister meet Dr Mustafa to familiarise himself with the opportunity here of doing something practical and good to help desperate children in northern Gaza?