Holyhead Towing in my constituency has vessels in the middle east, specifically in Saudi Arabia, Qatar and the UAE.
The company is keeping its crew updated to the best of its knowledge.
What official advice or guidance is available for UK maritime operators working in the region?
As I have said before, travel advice is the surest and most regularly updated advice for British nationals in the region.
We changed the travel advice yesterday for Qatar, as my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary announced in the House.
We hope, as he has said this morning, that there will now be greater stability in the region, that the ceasefire will hold, and that British nationals in the region will not be so concerned.
Travel advice is the best place to look.
The all-party parliamentary group for Africa, which I chair, recently published its report on Africa’s just energy transition to accessible and renewable clean energy.
What assessment has the Minister made of the report’s nine recommendations, including the recommendation on reforming carbon markets so that they work in Africa’s interests, and the recommendation on ensuring that international development funding is blended with private sector funding for investment in that transition?
May I begin by congratulating my hon.
Friend on her recent elevation?
I thank her for her work on the APPG, and I assure her that we will review her report as part of our new Africa approach.
Dame Karen Pierce is one of our most senior and experienced diplomats, and I very much welcome her appointment as an envoy to the western Balkans, but since her appointment, we have heard precious little about the western Balkans from the Foreign Secretary’s Department.
Can he reassure this House that we have not lost interest in the western Balkans?
Having been to the region twice—I am going back soon, within the next six weeks—I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we have absolutely not lost interest.
Dame Karen Pierce is at the centre of that, alongside the Berlin process, which we will host later this year.
We recently agreed the successful UK-India trade deal, but FCDO co-ordination with India on crisis diplomacy has never been more important, particularly following the recent terrorist attack, the Air India plane crash and human rights concerns, including about the case of Jagtar Singh Johal.
Can the Secretary of State explain how security co-operation and consular support are being pursued in the light of the trade deal?
May I first say how deeply shocked and saddened we all were by the devastating plane crash in Ahmedabad?
The Foreign Secretary visited India in his first month in office, and since then, we have agreed the groundbreaking technology security initiative and the free trade agreement, as my hon.
Friend said.
On human rights issues and the case of Jagtar Singh Johal,  I will meet my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dunbartonshire (Douglas McAllister) , who represents the family, hopefully this week or next, when our diaries can align.
What does it say to Britain’s allies, and to our enemies, when neither the Foreign Secretary nor the Prime Minister can bring themselves to say that the strikes again Iran were right and legal?
I have spoken to Secretary of State Rubio every single week that I have been in office.
The Prime Minister and the President of the United States have the best of relationships.
That is a signal of how well our special relationship is working.
The Iranian regime hangs gay people from cranes.
It funds and arms terror groups, and arms Vladimir Putin.
A regime such as that must never have nuclear weapons.
What will the Foreign Secretary do to prevent it from ever achieving its goals?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for reminding us of the horrendous human rights record of this regime, a regime that is the worst sponsor of state terrorism in the world.
Can the Foreign Secretary declare from the Dispatch Box that an Iran with no nuclear weapons is now a more likely prospect as a result of the actions of the Israeli and American forces over the past 10 days?
I recognise the point that the hon.
Gentleman has made, but let me make this clear to him.
Once a country has acquired the ability to enrich uranium to 60%, that scientific knowledge is there and does not go away.
Ultimately, this will require a diplomatic solution.
That is what President Trump is pushing for, and that is what the UK Government want to see as well.
The postponed French-Saudi conference on a two-state solution may take place as early as next month.
Does the Minister think it will provide the significant opportunity that he seeks for us to recognise Palestine as a state, alongside UK allies?
We are talking to the French and the Saudis about their plans.
Obviously events in the middle east are moving quickly, but I recognise the force of what my hon.
Friend has said.
Cousin marriage is often used as a cover for forced marriage.
Have the Government raised the issue of the incredibly high rate of first-cousin marriage with the Pakistani Government, given that so many of those marriages are between UK and Pakistani nationals?
As the right hon.
Gentleman probably knows, I was in Pakistan recently, and we discussed a range of human rights issues.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware that Colombia and South Africa, as co-chairs of the Hague Group, have called an emergency ministerial conference in defence of international law and the rights of the Palestinian people, to take place in Bogotá in July.
Countries across the world are confirming their attendance.
Will the UK Government send a representative, and join nations around the world in standing up for international law?
My hon.
Friend will recognise that we, alongside our partners throughout the global community, continue to raise serious issues relating to the plight of Palestinians in Gaza, and of course I will look in detail at the conference to which he has referred.
Melia, Gvaramia, Badri Japaridze, Khazaradze, Zurab Japaridze and Vashadze: all six opposition leaders arrested over the last two weeks in Georgia.
What are the British Government going to do about it, and what is the message from the British Government to the Georgian people, who are suffering as a result of this huge democratic backsliding?
The Georgian people have made clear their Euro-Atlantic aspirations.
We absolutely condemn not only those arrests of opposition politicians, but the closing down of civil society space.
I have communicated my concerns directly to Georgian Dream in recent weeks, and will be doing so again.
I wish to make a short statement about the text of the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill.
After the Bill was published last Wednesday, a small error was spotted in the text, concerning a cross-reference between subsections in clause 5.
I am satisfied that the error is sufficiently minor to authorise a corrected print of the Bill, which will be available in the Vote Office and online after this statement.
The substantive proceedings on the Bill are not affected in any way by the change, and no matters of order arise.
Today the Prime Minister attends the opening day of the NATO summit.
That summit is expected to agree to a new commitment to grow spending on national security to 5% of GDP by 2035—to be made up by a projected split of 3.5% on core defence spending, and 1.5% on broader resilience and security spending.
This will mark a new resolve among NATO members to make our countries stronger and, as we have always done, the United Kingdom will play our part.
NATO’s member countries meet at a time when the security situation is more in flux than at any time in a generation—a time when Ukraine is in its fourth year of resisting Russia’s invasion; a time when we in Europe are being asked to do more to secure our own defences; a time when security involves not just the traditional realms of air, sea and land, but technology, cyber and the strength of our democratic society; and, as we have seen in recent days, a time of renewed military action in the middle east, with Israel and the United States acting to try to stop Iran developing a nuclear bomb.
News of a ceasefire is welcome, but as we have seen, even in recent hours, the situation remains fragile and the focus must now be on a credible plan to stop Iran developing nuclear weapons.
It is to the great pride of my party that NATO was founded in the aftermath of the second world war with the strong support of the post-war Labour Government.
Ernest Bevin, the Foreign Secretary at the time, said that “we must face the facts as they are.”—[Official
Report,  22 January 1948 ; Vol. 446, c. 386.]
Today, in this very different age, we too must face the facts as they are.
The generation that founded NATO saw it as a powerful expression of collective security and solidarity: alliances abroad, matched by capacity at home.
Our national security strategy, published today and made for these very different times, is inspired by those same values and aims.
Every Member of this House understands that the first duty of any Government is to keep the country safe.
That is and always will be our No. 1 priority, and our national security strategy sets out how we will do that.
The world has changed fundamentally and continues to change before our eyes.
This is indeed an age of radical uncertainty, and the challenge to leadership in times of such change is to understand, to respond and to explain.
The British people understand this.
They recognise that we are living in a world that is more confrontational, more turbulent and more unpredictable than most of us have experienced in our lifetimes.
When the Prime Minister spoke to the House in February, he promised to produce a national security strategy that would match the scale of the task ahead.
The strategy we have published today does that, with a plan that is both clear-eyed and hard-edged about the challenges that we face.
It sets out a long-term vision for how we will do three crucial things.
First, we will protect security at home by defending our territory,  controlling our borders and making the UK a harder target for our enemies—one that is stronger and more resilient to future threats.
Secondly, we will promote strength abroad.
That means bolstering our collective security, renewing and refreshing our key alliances, and developing new partnerships in strategic locations across the world.
It also means taking a clear-eyed view of how we engage with major powers such as China in order to protect our national security and promote our economic interests, and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary will make a further statement on the China audit shortly.
Thirdly, we will increase our sovereign and asymmetric capabilities by rebuilding our defence industries, training our people, focusing investment on our competitive strengths, and using our exceptional research and innovation base to build up advantages in new frontier technologies.
All this will make us a stronger and more resilient country, but delivering on each commitment will be possible only if all parts of society are pulling in the same direction.
Our manufacturing, science and technology industries have to be aligned with national security objectives.
Our industrial strategy, published yesterday, will help play to the UK’s strengths and deepen our capabilities.
The investments we announced in the spending review also deepen our resilience and strength as a country, with a health service strong enough to cope, safe and secure energy supplies, modern housing and transport for our people, all of which contribute to a strong United Kingdom.
That is why it is so important that all parts of Government and businesses big and small understand that cyber-security is national security, and that our core systems and the revenues of business are being targeted by our adversaries.
It is why we as legislators have to ensure that our own laws—from borders to trade—fit with national security.
This will take a whole-system approach that reflects today’s reality.
National security means strong supply chains, controls on immigration, tackling online harm, energy security, economic security and border security.
It transcends foreign and domestic policy, and it all plays a role in how we make Britain a safer, more secure and more sovereign nation.
This document provides the blueprint of how this fits together.
The strategy brings together everything we are doing across the full spectrum of national security: the commitment to spend that 5% of our domestic economic output on national security by 2035, meeting our NATO commitments once again; the over £1 billion we are investing in a new network of national biosecurity centres; how we are stepping up in areas such as cyber capability; our anti-corruption strategy to counter illicit finance; the expansion of our legal and law enforcement toolkit; the largest sustained investment in our armed forces since the cold war; our plan for defence investment to unlock real benefits for working people; how we will prioritise NATO explicitly in our defence planning; a vision for not only deepening our alliances with the United States and the European Union, but growing our relationships with other emerging nations; the money we are investing in our brilliant research and development base over the coming years, such as the £750 million for the supercomputer at the University of Edinburgh; and  our ambition to gain a competitive advantage in cutting-edge technologies and to embed national security in our artificial intelligence agenda.
We do not underestimate the size of this task.
The world is a more dangerous place than at any time since the end of the cold war, yet it is also a place where Britain’s values, capabilities and alliances can make a positive difference.
Since we came to power, we have taken step after step to prepare Britain for what lies ahead: record investment in defence, backing our allies, and resisting the false choices put before us that would only have weakened our country.
Today’s strategy represents an important contribution to all that work.
It recognises that our long-term growth, prosperity and living standards all depend on national security becoming a way of life for people and businesses in the UK.
This is a plan for how we protect the British people.
It is a plan for today’s times, but rooted in long-held values.
It is a plan to defend our national interests, deepen our international alliances and increase our sovereign capabilities, and I commend it to the House.