On Thursday, I received a message from Mohammed, an NHS doctor with family in Gaza.
He wrote: “My 16-year-old nephew was missing for five days after heading out to retrieve humanitarian aid at a location announced by Israeli forces.
We found him dead yesterday; his body mutilated, eaten by stray dogs.
He died alone.
No one could reach him or others like him in time.
He was only a boy who desperately wanted to get food for his starving family.”
On  10 June , the Minister sanctioned two Israeli Ministers who advocated for the blockade of Gaza, noting that that would not remove Hamas or ensure that the hostages were released.
But nothing has changed.
What further steps are the Government taking today to signal to the Government of Israel that the UK will not stand idly by while children in Gaza are starved, denied medicine or killed as they seek food for their families?
The hon.
Gentleman shares with the House a heartbreaking story.
I know that it is one of thousands of such stories about lives lost in Gaza.
The situation is intolerable, and we will continue to take further action.
As I have said, my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary raised this matter with the Foreign Minister on Sunday.
Clearly, there have been significant developments in the middle east since  10 June .
This is now the time for Israel to implement a ceasefire and to allow aid in; for Hamas to release hostages; and for us to try to draw a line under the horrifying suffering of Mohammed and many others like him.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the UK’s involvement in the Security Action for Europe initiative.
This Government are strengthening ties with our European allies to deliver mutual benefits for our prosperity and security.
As the strategic defence review laid out, we need a resilient and competitive European defence industrial base to deliver the capabilities that we need at speed and scale.
With that UK-EU security and defence partnership now agreed, securing the UK’s swift participation in Security Action for Europe is a priority for the Government, and, of course, these partnerships complement and reinforce NATO’s role as the cornerstone of Euro-Atlantic security.
In an increasingly unstable world, working with our European allies on defence and weapons production is vital for our security and our economy.
If investment is needed, providing it should not stand in the way of the opportunity to support UK defence manufacturers, enable joint research and development and promote Britain’s strategic interests on the global stage.
What recent discussions has the Minister had with his European counterparts about ensuring that the UK has access to the Security Action for Europe fund?
I have been having regular conversations, as have the Foreign Secretary and colleagues across the Ministry of Defence and the Cabinet Office.
I was in Poland just last week discussing with our Polish allies our important collaboration.
The week before that, I was in Rome with the Weimar+ group.
These are all active and ongoing conversations and, as the hon.
Member said, they are absolutely crucial at a time of such geopolitical uncertainty.
How much funding his Department plans to provide to Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance for the 2026 to 2030 period.
We are proud to be founding partners of Gavi.
We have invested more than £5 billion since 2000 helping to immunise more than 1 billion children.
Gavi has enjoyed good cross-party support in this House and I am looking forward to updating the House accordingly.