We must not forget Gaza.
Despite the eyes of the world now being turned to the Iran-Israel war, it is important that we continue to remember the suffering of the Gazans and continue to move on it.
As a witness from Médecins Sans Frontières said to my Committee, there is “lethal chaos” in Gaza.
There is one read-across from the Iran-Israel war that I think we should learn from: the clear closeness between Israel and America, and the fact that America can influence Israel.
I ask the Minister to ensure that we continue to say in our conversations with the Americans not to give up on Gaza, and to use their influence to ensure that the Israelis do the right thing.
There must be peace and the hostages must come home.
This Government will not give up on Gaza.
I can confirm that the Foreign Secretary has raised Gaza in his engagements with the US.
I have not forgotten about Gaza, and was speaking to Palestinian counterparts just last night.
The situation in Gaza will remain a top priority for this Government.
Israel dealing with Hamas and Hezbollah is to be welcomed, but the continuing blockage on medical and humanitarian aid going into Gaza is not welcome.
As we continue to talk, children continue to die.
I hope that the Foreign Secretary will make it very clear that the continuation of children dying every single day is unacceptable, and that he will  stand up to the White House, the State Department and the Pentagon and to the Knesset and the current Israeli Government of Netanyahu.
These deaths are just going on and on and on.
How many more children need to die before something changes?
As I have said, the Foreign Secretary has raised these issues with both his American and Israeli counterparts, and I have done the same.
We remain steely in our focus on the situation in Gaza, including the tragic scenes around the deprivation of aid and the impact that is having on civilians right across the strip, including children.
We are trying to take every measure we can to reduce that suffering.
That includes aid where it can be brought in; aid into the region, where that is the most appropriate way to reach the medically vulnerable; and in a few small cases ensuring that Gazan children can access medical assistance here.