I have great respect for the right hon.
Gentleman, and I thank him for his question.
He is absolutely right to draw attention to the importance of technology, which I mentioned in my opening remarks.
It is why we have put such stress on having an AI action plan to make this country as strong as possible in this field, and why we have made the investment in the supercomputer at Edinburgh and this time put the money behind it.
Such technology is a critical part of our strength as a country and we have significant advantage and expertise in it.
One aspect of the document is about ensuring that, where we have an advantage, we invest in it and we make sure that it deepens our capability in those crucial ways.
I have Dreghorn and Redford barracks in my constituency, so I can only welcome the biggest uplift in defence spending since the cold war.
However, many people will be concerned about the cost.
I wonder whether there is an opportunity here: if our NATO allies are increasing spending along with us, is there an opportunity for our defence sector to benefit from that, generating jobs and helping to grow our economy?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Decisions to increase defence expenditure are not just about direct spending on the armed forces, but about the supply chain, industrial capability, defence suppliers and, critically, the skills to meet our defence needs.
That is why the Prime Minister has referred to a defence dividend.
This is not just security policy; it is industrial and skills policy, too.
Cyber-security is core and central to our security at home, but a significant weakness is the security of the cabling in the North Atlantic and along the west coast of Ireland.
For too long, the Irish Government have freeloaded and taken for granted the United Kingdom providing defence and security.
Have the Government approached the Irish Government to see whether they will pay or play their part?
I recently had the privilege of visiting the cyber centre at Queen’s university in Belfast, which is doing fantastic research in this area.
The hon.
Member is right to draw attention to the importance of subsea cables.
These carry critical data between us and overseas countries every day and it is certainly part of our strategy to do everything that we can to protect our subsea cable infrastructure.
Unlike  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , I welcome the focus on science and technology in the  national security strategy.
A new innovation quarter is being developed in Talbot village and the local council aspires to be an AI growth zone, so will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster tell me how this strategy will support growth and security in my constituency and across the south-west of England?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the importance of technology.
I said in my opening remarks that the investments that we made in the spending review, which did not fall from the sky but came about because of choices made by the Government, contribute to the strength and resilience of the country.
That is why the strategy talks of three pillars—homeland security, alliances abroad and deepening our sovereign capabilities—and all three are important.
Given the scale of foreign-influence operations, particularly those of China, does the Minister accept that Britain’s societal resilience remains far too limited?
Without clear Government messaging, how can institutions or the public properly play their role?
Will the Minister commit to expanding the defending democracy taskforce to include public education, support for free media, and curbing People’s Liberation Army-linked speakers at taxpayer funded events?
I would say that my faith in British society was strong.
It is a strong society with deeply held democratic values.
We never take that for granted, but it has been enduring and strong over the years.
The hon.
Member is right to draw attention to the importance of defending our democracy.
We will always defend the right to have free elections and of our elected representatives to go about their business.
We will also do our best to promote free speech and debate in our democratic process.