Education is a basic right, and ensuring quality education for every girl is essential to building a more equitable world.
In 2023, the Conservative Government launched the women and girls strategy to deliver on the three Es: education, empowering women and girls, and ending violence.
Does the Minister stand by the commitment to ensure that at least 50% of aid reaches women and girls?
Most importantly, will she confirm the 2025-26 official development assistance spending for global education following the spending review?
We are committed to supporting women in all that we do.
We are supporting, for example, 200,000 displaced children with education interventions in Sudan and reaching Sudanese refugee populations in six countries through £14 million of funding for Education  Cannot Wait, which the right hon.
Member may know from her time as a Minister—was that one of the programmes she cut?
UK support through the international finance facility for education will unlock up to $1 billion in additional and affordable education.
Our equality impact assessment will be published shortly so that she can analyse the exact pounds and pence.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the Government’s policy on arms trade with Israel.
The UK operates one of the most robust export control regimes in the world.
One of our first acts in government was to review and suspend export licences that could be used by the Israel Defence Forces in Gaza.
We have successfully implemented that suspension and have continued to refuse relevant licence applications.
All export licences are kept under careful and continual review, and we can suspend, refuse or revoke licences as required.
The war criminals of Benjamin Netanyahu’s Government are carrying out the most vile human rights abuse and genocide.
At the same time, the UK carries out the training of Israeli military personnel and facilitates almost daily spy flights that provide intelligence, and there is continued exporting of military equipment to Israel.
With all that, will the Government support an independent public inquiry into UK involvement in Israeli military operations in Gaza?
It is important to be focused on the facts at issue.
We do not support spy flights; we have a limited presence to try and find hostages in Gaza, for reasons that the whole House would understand and support.
There are fewer than 10 IDF personnel receiving any training in the UK, and that training is academic and non-military in nature.
We are not arming Israel’s war in Gaza.
We categorically do not export any bombs or ammunition for use in military operations in Gaza.
My hon.
Friend asks about an independent inquiry.
The Government welcome scrutiny
and I welcome my time in this Chamber.
On the questions at issue on arms sales, including on the F-35 programme, there is a judicial review on which we will hear findings shortly.
There is plenty of scrutiny of this Government.
Will the Government let us know what assessment they have made of Israel’s stockpile of nuclear weapons?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand why I will not comment on those issues from the Dispatch Box.
What assessment he has made of the contribution of water, sanitation and hygiene projects to achieving the Government’s international development objectives.
Our work on water, sanitation and hygiene helps deliver development objectives on global health, climate and growth.
We support eight countries in Africa and Asia to develop climate-resilient water, sanitation and hygiene services and prevent the spread of diseases, including cholera.
We are working through the World Bank and the global challenge programme on water to reach 300 million with water services by 2030.
Recent polling by WaterAid and YouGov shows that access to water, sanitation and hygiene is the No. 1 priority that the UK public want to see funded through UK aid.
That makes sense, given that water underpins global health, keeps girls in school and builds climate-resilient communities.
Does the Minister agree that it is one of the smartest and most cost-effective ways to deliver the UK’s development goals?
Without access to safe water, sanitation and hygiene, there can be no meaningful progress in any of those areas.
The hon.
Gentleman makes important points.
I had the pleasure of seeing many important water and sanitation projects in my previous career.
We are concentrating on maintaining our impact by focusing on partnerships with Governments and multilaterals, and establishing the conditions that can secure additional domestic funding and private investment in those areas.
He rightly makes the link between water and sanitation and health, and that will be considered as we approach future funding allocations.
What changes were made to the draft agreement to transfer sovereignty over the Chagos islands to Mauritius between October 2024 and May 2025.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the treaty with Mauritius on the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos archipelago on the UK.
How much and what proportion of the funding due to be allocated to Mauritius as part of the agreement concerning the Chagos archipelago will come from his Department.
The Diego Garcia military base deal secures the future of the strategically critical US-UK military base.
It will protect our national security for generations and ensure we maintain vital capabilities.
It is our most significant contribution to the transatlantic defence and security partnership.
It has been strengthened since our agreement with the previous Mauritian Government and, indeed, from the deal under discussion by the previous Government.
The payments will be split between the FCDO and the Ministry of Defence, and published in the usual way.
The Opposition understand the jeopardy facing the base and the necessity of the treaty, which is why they started negotiating in the first place.
The Foreign Secretary is an old friend and the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , is a Lincolnshire neighbour whom, in all his innocence, I regard with a degree of paternal care, so I ask this question more in sorrow than in anger.
The assumption rooted in the Government’s statements is that unless we do a deal with Mauritius, the International Telecommunication Union could decide that Mauritius is sovereign and deny access to both the US and the UK.
That is fundamentally untrue.
The ITU has no competence in that regard and it is ignored by the US already, so will the Minister confirm that that argument is entirely bogus?
This is not a deal.
This is not diplomacy.
It is a disgrace.
I thoroughly reject that statement by the right hon.
Gentleman.
He knows that I have a lot of respect for him, but I am afraid that he is completely mistaken on this.
The fact is that the courts were already making decisions that undermined our position, legally binding provisional measures could have come within weeks, affecting the operational ability of the base to function as it was, and we believe that an inevitable binding judgment would have followed.
The deal has been done and this House is now scrutinising it.
I have appeared before two Committees in recent weeks, and of course there will be further such scrutiny over the weeks ahead.
If the US wanted to launch an attack on Iran from Diego Garcia in the current circumstances, would the UK Government support it?
As the Foreign Secretary has made absolutely clear, there was no UK involvement in the US strikes on Iran.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that we do not comment on private conversations with our allies or on hypothetical operations.
I had hoped for a more precise answer to my question.
Rather than pressing again for exact figures or a departmental breakdown, let me proceed down a related line of inquiry.
Is there any mechanism, legal or otherwise, that the Mauritian Government could use to reopen the Chagos negotiations or to request further financial or material assistance in a way that could result in additional cost to the British taxpayer?
I have set out the costs very clearly.
They average out at £101 million over the course of the deal.
That compares very favourably with, for example, what France pays for its military facility in Djibouti.
This treaty has been entered into in good faith by the UK and Mauritius, it will be legally binding, and we are absolutely clear that it is compliant with international law and all our other obligations.
When the Foreign Affairs Committee was in Washington recently, we raised the Diego Garcia deal with the Administration.
They could not have been more enthusiastic for this deal, because they recognise that it secures our strategic interests in the area.
Does the Minister agree that it is perhaps time for Conservative Members to stop playing politics with national defence?
I could not agree more.
This deal is supported by the United States, by our Five Eyes partners and by India.
It secures our national security, the security of our allies and the base well into the next century.
As I have said many times, if there was not a problem, why did the previous Government start negotiating?