Given the clear threat that Iran poses to the United Kingdom, our allies and the middle east, does the Foreign Secretary support the actions undertaken by the United States to degrade Iran’s nuclear weapons?
He will have heard that President Trump has said that Iran’s nuclear capabilities are gone.
Does he welcome that?
It was important to be alongside Secretary of State Rubio last week in DC.
We continue to work closely with President Trump, and the Prime Minister spoke to him just two days ago.
The initial assessments of those attacks in Iran are coming in, and we will assess that in due course.
Given the situation that has emerged in the middle east and the fact that the de-escalation has not taken place in recent hours, can the Foreign Secretary outline what measures he is overseeing, in what is effectively quite an urgent situation, to bring back 4,000 British nationals now stranded in Israel?
He, like me, will have received overnight a large volume of correspondence from concerned families.
What immediate steps will be taken?
I understand that another plane is being put in place, but we are now speaking about 4,000 British nationals who are clearly stuck in Israel.
I was very pleased to see that that flight came into Birmingham.
We will do all we can to work with the Israeli Government to open airspace and to continue flights.
We have a ceasefire.
I have seen, of course, that that ceasefire has been violated, and I urge all partners to keep to that ceasefire so that airspace can open up and commercial flights can resume.
Many of my constituents have raised concerns about the use of RAF Akrotiri to support Israel’s military activity in Gaza.
Given the rapidly developing  situation with Iran, can Ministers assure this House that British arms and military bases will not be likewise implicated in any further escalations of that conflict?
I cannot comment on hypotheticals, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will do all we can to protect our assets and our troops in the region and always to stay within international law.
The UN children in conflict report showed that violence against children increased by 25% last year, and that does not even include what is going on this year.
The Israeli Government are listed as the most prolific perpetrator of grave violations against children for the second year running, making Gaza the most dangerous place on earth to be a child.
What specific steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to protect children in conflict in Gaza and elsewhere, such as in Somalia and Haiti?
The hon.
Lady raises vital questions about the status of children in Gaza.
In response to one of her colleagues, I set out some of the measures that we have taken already.
Clearly, children in Gaza, like all civilians there, are under the most enormous pressure at the moment, and aid getting in is a vital next step.
Where children from Gaza are outside the region, in particular in Egypt and Jordan, we have provided support to them there.
In a very limited set of cases where specialist medical attention is possible only from the UK, we have brought children from Gaza to the UK.
Almost daily we hear reports of Israeli forces opening fire near aid distribution sites in Gaza.
People cannot even access basic food supplies without risking their lives.
Given the horrific level of suffering that we can all see taking place, is it not time to end all arms sales to Israel and to recognise the state of Palestine?
I want to reassure my hon.
Friend that we have banned the sale of arms that could be used in Gaza, and we liaise with the French and the Saudi Arabians, despite the suspension of their conference.
I think the intention is to resume in September.
At the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday, the Minister for the overseas territories, the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty), was unable to give clear guarantees about the future of the Chagos marine protected area once the sovereignty of the Chagos islands is surrendered to Mauritius.
Does the Foreign Secretary accept that his Chagos surrender deal does not currently secure the marine environment, and that a future environmental protection agreement may result in the UK paying even more money to Mauritius?
It is a shame that the hon.
Gentleman’s question takes that tone; I thought we had a very constructive conversation yesterday, and I took on board the points made by him and by the Chair of the Committee, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily  Thornberry) .
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that the marine protected area is a key part of our agreement with Mauritius, and this Government are committed to protecting our oceans and natural resources globally.
Tulsi Gabbard, the US Director of National Intelligence, said in March that Iran was not building a nuclear weapon, as did the UN atomic energy agency.
However, a day before a conference on recognising Palestine, Israel decided unilaterally that Iran had a nuclear weapon, and that there was an immediate threat of attack; it therefore bombed Iran.
Israel’s illegal bombing was a distraction from the shooting and killing of starving Palestinians, and to prevent the recognition of the state of Palestine.
Can I ask the Minister— Order.
Questions should be short and punchy—quick, quick.
What steps is the Minister taking to stop the killing of Palestinians, and to recognise the state of Palestine?
It is important to recognise that in our country, at Sizewell and at Urenco, uranium is enriched at between 3% and 5%.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has found 60% enrichment in Iran.
Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon, and we are doing all we can diplomatically to get a negotiated settlement on that problem.
Of course, we continue to press for aid to the Palestinians.
Ministers have collectively restated their commitment to a two-state solution in the Israel-Palestine conflict, but only one of those states is currently recognised.
I believe there is support in this House for recognition of Palestine, and that if the matter were put to a vote, that support would be expressed.
Would that not strengthen Ministers’ hand, and will they bring the issue to a vote?
We have discussed these issues many times.
Earlier, an hon.
Friend asked me why, when Ministers say things at the Dispatch Box, they do not happen.
The view of this House on the question of a two-state solution is clearly very important, but it is the job of Foreign Office Ministers to try to make it a reality in practice, through diplomacy.
Does the Minister join me in welcoming the ceasefire between Israel and Iran announced by President Trump, and although the situation clearly remains fragile, does he see an opportunity to restore stability and develop a diplomatic solution to Iran’s nuclear programme—one that ensures that Iran never has access to nuclear weapons?
Yes, I do.
Earlier this month, the US President ordered the brutal Immigration and Customs Enforcement raids in Los Angeles, and called those protesting against these raids “paid insurrectionists” and “criminal invaders”.
A few days later, a gunman assassinated Democratic politician Melissa Hortman.
In recent months, figures associated with the  US President have spread disinformation and polarising rhetoric via social media, even targeting a Government Minister.
I am sure that the Secretary of State agrees that this level of political violence— Order.
This is topical questions; I have to get other people in.
Questions are meant to be short and punchy.
Please, let us now hear a quick answer from the Foreign Secretary.
Just as the hon.
Gentleman would not expect members of Congress or the Senate to comment on domestic issues in our country, I am not going to stray into domestic issues in the US.
It remains the closest of allies.
I pay tribute to the Foreign Secretary and his team for all their diplomatic efforts on de-escalation in the middle east.
With the rules-based order under enormous strain, upholding international law and multilateral institutions matters more than ever.
It is almost a year since the International Court of Justice handed down its judgment on the illegality of Israel’s occupation of Palestine.
Given that senior Government Ministers received advice last year on the implications of that judgment for the UK, when can we expect the Government’s response?
I recognise the appetite in the Chamber to hear more about the ICJ advisory opinion.
It was a far-reaching and complex judgment, and we are taking our time with our response.
What practical steps can the Government take to support women and girls in Afghanistan who, after a period of being encouraged to liberate themselves, are now cast back into domestic servitude?
This is an incredibly important question.
As I think some in the House know, I negotiated with the Taliban when I was an official.
It is a source of incredible personal frustration to me that the situation in Afghanistan for women has got worse and worse as the months have drawn on.
The Taliban need to change course, not just on the rights of women, but for the viability of their economy and their country.