I am grateful to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for advance sight of the statement and of the strategy.
Protecting our country from internal and external threats to keep the British people and our interests safe is the No. 1 priority for any Government.
As a former Home Secretary, I have seen at first hand the incredible efforts of our security and intelligence services to keep us safe.
So much of their work will never be disclosed, but I know that the whole House will join me in thanking them for all they do, alongside our police, counter-terrorism operations, the armed forces and all those who work so hard to keep Britain safe.
His Majesty’s Opposition will always work constructively with the Government in the national interest, especially in the current global climate when threats are increasingly complex and multifaceted.
Iran, China, Russia, North Korea, non-state terrorist actors and transnational criminals all pose a significant threat to us all.
That is why we welcome actions that build on the measures we put in place in government, including our National Security Act 2023, which gives us increased oversight of adversarial action and introduced the foreign influence registration scheme.
The statement and the strategy refer to the three pillars of security at home, strength abroad, and increasing sovereign and asymmetric capabilities, and I will take each in turn.
On security at home, protecting critical national infrastructure must be a key component of any national security strategy.
How will that work in practice?
What resources will be provided?
What further steps are being taken to protect people on British soil from transnational repression?
With China placing bounties on the heads of people in our own country and both the NSS and the strategic defence review highlighting the threats posed by China, can the right hon.
Gentleman confirm that China will be placed on the enhanced tier of FIRS?
Will the Government drop their support for the China super-embassy spy hub?
On projecting our strength abroad, the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned today’s NATO summit, and the commitment to increase what he calls national security spending to 5% of GDP by 2035, with 3.5% on core defence.
But he does not have a plan to get to 3%, let alone the 3.5%.
It is all smoke and mirrors, so when will he deliver a plan to get to 3%, and why will he not heed our calls to hit 3% by the end of this Parliament?
That would be a vital stepping stone on the way to the higher defence spending he is seeking.
Will the Government give clear information on exactly what spending will be included in the 1.5% target?
Is there any new money, and does this, for example, include the costs of Sizewell, as we heard recently?
As well as increasing spending, we need to develop a tougher edge for a dangerous world.
Given the security threats that we continue to face, will Labour’s £30 billion Chagos surrender treaty be scrapped?
It undermines our national security, and contrary to the Prime Minister’s claim, our loss of sovereignty has been publicly backed by representatives of the regimes in China, Russia and Iran.
The costs also hoover up money that we could spend on much-needed defence capabilities at this incredibly dangerous time.
On increasing sovereign and asymmetric capabilities, can the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster explain what support will be given to private enterprise and what investment will support efforts in this area?
I also note that the words in the Government’s strategy do not quite align with their broader action—for example, the decision to allow the Chinese firm Mingyang to provide wind turbines for large wind farm projects in the UK.
Does he acknowledge the need to protect our energy infrastructure from such potential malign activity, and if so, what concrete steps have been taken to increase the very resilience of our own infrastructure?
Finally, on the important role of the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy and of parliamentary oversight, we understand that the National Security Adviser, Jonathan Powell, has not been made available to the Committee for questioning.
The Government have claimed that it would not be appropriate for him as a special adviser to answer questions from the Committee.
However, in this case, it is more than clear that Mr Powell’s role as the National Security Adviser puts him in a unique position—a unique senior position—and it appears that, as the lead adviser for the Government’s national security strategy, it is only right that the Joint Committee be able to put questions to him.
Given the important issue here, and Mr Powell’s senior role and central position, will the Government finally let him give evidence to the Committee to allow it to undertake its important work?
We will always work to support the defence and security of Britain, and engage constructively with Ministers and challenge them to do everything possible to keep us safe, so I welcome the chance for these questions to be answered today.
Let me express my gratitude to the shadow Foreign Secretary for her response, the spirit in which she put her questions and her welcome for at least broad parts of the strategy we have published today.
Let me turn to the questions she has asked and try to address them.
On the resources to protect people, we made our commitment to increase defence expenditure to 2.5% of GDP.
Unlike the Conservative party, we said exactly how we would pay for that, even though it meant a very difficult choice on this side of the House.
On the FIRS scheme, the right hon.
Lady will be aware that Iran and Russia have been placed on the enhanced tier.
She asked about our approach to China.
This is a serious question and we must have a serious approach to it.
The Conservative party, during its time in government, veered between the naivety of the so-called “golden era” to, in effect, no engagement at all.
We believe that both were the wrong approach.
Instead, our approach will be marked by a desire to protect our national security and to promote our economic interests; total disengagement is not a good option for the UK, so we will be guided by both.
The Foreign Secretary, as I said, will make a fuller statement on China shortly.
The right hon.
Lady asks what might be included in the 1.5%.
It will include such things as cyber-security, border security and telecoms infrastructure.
To those who ask what those things have to do with defence, let me be clear: our opponents and our enemies know that they are part of national security, and we should recognise that, too.
Finally, we have resisted the Opposition’s pleas for us to choose between our allies.
In resisting that, I believe we have a strategy that makes our country stronger and enhances Britain’s capabilities.
That is at the heart of the strategy we put today.
Indeed, we made a conscious choice to increase investment in the country’s future capabilities at the spending review.
This will give us increased strength in the future.
The spending we have committed to is funded, it is set out in the spending review and that is the approach we will take in the future, too.