The al-Ahli hospital in Gaza, which is run by the Anglican church in Jerusalem, has repeatedly been bombed.
Earlier this month the hospital compound was hit, killing five people, including a father escorting his son to surgery.
The Minister has spoken much about the need for aid to get in, but will he set out what concrete action he is going to take now?
Saying that Israel must do something does not mean that it is going to act, so what action he is going to take to ensure that the attacks on hospitals, medics and patients ends?
I want nothing more than for the attacks on hospitals, medical personnel and aid workers to end.
My hon.
Friend is right that I have said many times from this Dispatch Box that I want that to be the case, yet these strikes have continued.
We continue to raise these issues with the Israeli Government.
We have taken a series of actions, many of which we have discussed already over the course of this morning, and we will continue to take action until things change.
Until things change, this Government will not be satisfied.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Britain is at the heart of diplomatic efforts to de-escalate the situation in the middle east.
We are clear that Iran must never have a nuclear weapon.
While at the UK, EU, G7 and NATO summits and in my engagements from the high north to north Africa, the Government have been delivering security and growth for the British people, deepening Britain’s partnerships and alliances, and addressing the ongoing horrendous conflicts in Gaza and Ukraine.
I know that this House, alongside my constituents across Bexleyheath and Crayford, welcomes the sanctions taken against two Israeli officials earlier this month.
What discussions are the UK Government holding with our international partners regarding further actions that could be taken in relation to the incitement of violence against Palestinian citizens?
My hon.
Friend will have seen that we worked with Australia, Canada, New Zealand and Norway on taking those sanctions against Ben-Gvir and Smotrich.
I cannot speculate on future sanctions, but I reassure him that we are co-ordinating with our allies.
He will know that on the issue of humanitarian aid, for example, 26 countries joined us.