Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Kathi Hemken as she concludes 16 years of service leading the City.
Throughout her time as Mayor, residents have come to know her as a devoted advocate for their well-being, a thoughtful steward of the public good, and a relentless driver of housing and economic development.
Mayor Hemken began her career with the city on the New Hope Planning Commission in 1997.
After two years as Chair, she won her first term as Mayor in 2008.
She wasted no time in getting to work on behalf of her constituents and fostering a culture of appreciation, respect, and excellence among the staff at City Hall.
Over the past 14 years, New Hope has undergone a remarkable resurgence of new housing and business.
The city's property tax base has grown by over a billion dollars, a surge of 73 percent--an impressive amount of growth that would not have been possible without Mayor Hemken's leadership.
They've added nearly 500 new apartment units, 127 single family homes, and through the Scattered Site Housing Program, 30 new or rehabilitated single-family homes.
These developments include workforce housing, assisted living, deeply affordable housing, and luxury housing--a diversity that serves all residents.
The City Center underwent a transformative multi-phase redevelopment, introducing an aquatic park, a performance center, a new City Hall, an upgraded police station, and essential businesses like a Hy-Vee grocery store, resulting in over $15 million in local improvements and the creation of 400 jobs.
Always accessible, Mayor Hemken builds strong relationships with constituents and city staff, promotes open dialogue on complex issues, and fosters an environment of growth and appreciation within the community.
A strong supporter of small businesses, she was even featured on ``The Colbert Show.''
When a small business highlighted on the show required assistance, she connected with the owner and provided essential resources to help them navigate the challenges that arose from their sudden fame and increased demand.
Beyond economic development, Mayor Hemken demonstrates her passion for promoting literacy by collecting and distributing books for local children and engaging with students through reading programs.
She has served on countless boards and committees, including the Regional Council of Mayors, the Northwest YMCA, League of Women Voters, and more.
Each winter, she personally bakes hundreds of cookies and packages them up with a personal note of appreciation to each and every city employee.