She received

her commission through the ROTC program at John Carroll University, as

Transportation Officer.
She has an extensive list of military awards and decorations

including the Bronze Star Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with

four oak leaf clusters, the Army Commendation Medal with three oak leaf

clusters, and the Meritorious Volunteer Medal.
She was instrumental in

sharing the Army message throughout the House of Representatives and

Congress.
In congratulating this outstanding officer today, we also express our

deep appreciation to all who serve, including the many in uniform from

American Samoa serving with distinction all over the world.
In thank Kelsey for her outstanding leadership and her commitment to

our Soldiers, American Samoa, and our great Nation.
Best wishes to her

and her family as she departs for Pennsylvania and the U.S. Army War

College I thank her for her service and her tone dedicated to our

beautiful island.
God bless you on your journey (Fa'amanumia le Atua i ou ala.
Soifua).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARINE VETERAN CONRAD C. JANOWSKI

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Marine

veteran Conrad C. Janowski, who passed away on May 12, 2024.
A long-time resident of Fort Wayne, Indiana, Conrad was a respected

member of the community, an accomplished architect, and beloved

husband, father, and friend.
Conrad attended the University of Notre Dame, where he graduated with

a Bachelor of Architecture degree.
After he moved his family to Fort

Wayne, he served on the Board of Directors for the Indiana Society of

Architects and was President of the Northern Chapter early in his

career.
One of Conrad's greatest sources of pride throughout his life

was his service in the United States Marine Corps from 1956 to 1958.
We honor Conrad for his service to his country and for the civic

leadership he showed across the entirety of his life.
May he rest in

peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS PRESIDENT NEAL J. SMATRESK

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor University of North

Texas (UNT) President Neal J. Smatresk, PhD who has dedicated his

career to advancing education and transforming institutions.
President

Smatresk's tenure at UNT has been marked by innovation, growth, and a

relentless commitment to excellence.
President Smatresk's journey in academia has been distinguished by

his unwavering dedication to fostering academic success and research

excellence.
Before assuming his role at UNT, President Smatresk held

pivotal leadership positions at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas

(UNLV), the University of Hawaii at Manoa, and the University of Texas

at Arlington.
Prior to his roles in Administration, Dr. Smatresk was a

distinguished biologist and researcher.
His scholarly pursuits focused

on advancing our understanding of respiratory neurobiology, garnering

substantial grant support, and resulting in numerous publications.
His

dedication to STEM education and outreach left an indelible mark on

countless aspiring scientists and scholars.
President Smatresk's leadership at UNT has been nothing short of

transformative and has propelled UNT to unprecedented heights,

fostering a culture of achievement and inclusivity.
Under his guidance,

UNT has achieved a remarkable five-year record of continued enrollment

growth, now serving almost 47,000 students; reflecting President

Smatresk's dedication to expanding access to higher education and

empowering students to pursue their academic aspirations.
Additionally,

President Smatresk led UNT to becoming a Carnegie-ranked Tier One

institution that has emerged as a top 10 U.S. public university on the

rise.
While his strategic vision and commitment to student success has

propelled UNT to new heights, earning recognition as both a Minority-

Serving and Hispanic-Serving Institution and securing its place as one

of only 22 Carnegie-ranked Tier One research universities designated as

Hispanic-Serving Institutions.
President Smatresk's impact extends far beyond the realm of academia.