Allowing them to do so protects local law enforcement by making sure

they know what to expect when responding to a scene.
The original LEOSA also respected the rights of private property

owners to prohibit concealed weapons on their property if they chose to

do so.
And with respect to retired officers, it ensured that they would

continue to receive annual firearms training so that they would know

how to safely use the concealed firearm that they were carrying.
The legislation before us today, however, upsets the balance struck

by the original LEOSA and it is being advanced without a hearing that

would help us fully evaluate its strengths and weaknesses.
While I supported the original LEOSA, I oppose the legislation before

us today because it would allow more concealed weapons in parks,

playgrounds, Gun-Free School Zones, local government buildings, and on

private property even when it is contrary to the judgment of state

leaders and private property owners.
Today's bill also weakens the training standards for retired officers

as set forth in the original LEOSA, which is especially concerning.
Marksmanship is a perishable skill that must be renewed through

practice and training.
By relaxing the training standards, today's bill would allow retired

officers to carry concealed firearms despite it being as many as three

years since they last received training--and it could be that they

retired from law enforcement more years before that.
I respect the rights of lawful and responsible gun owners, including

the rights of retired and off-duty law enforcement.
We should allow these individuals to carry concealed weapons into

many places, provided they meet certain qualifications including

regular training.
But this bill would allow concealed weapons to be carried by those

who have not received recent training.
And it would allow concealed firearms in spaces where a state may

have a valid public safety interest in prohibiting them.
For these reasons, I must oppose this legislation and I urge my

colleagues to vote no on this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MARIO DIAZ-BALART

Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on May 14th and

May 15th as I had an immovable commitment.
Had I been present, I would

have voted: YEA on Roll Call No.
196; YEA on Roll Call No.
197; YEA on

Roll Call No.
200; YEA on Roll Call No.
204; YEA on Roll Call No.
203;

YEA on Roll Call No.
202; YEA on Roll Call No.
201; YEA on Roll Call

No.
205; YEA on Roll Call No.
206; YEA on Roll Call No.
207; YEA on

Roll Call No.
208; YEA on Roll Call No.
209; YEA on Roll Call No.
210;

YEA on Roll Call No.
211; and YEA on Roll Call No.
212.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
DEV A. GNANADEV

HON.
NORMA J. TORRES

Mrs. TORRES of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Dev

A. GnanaDev for his decades of service as a healthcare provider in the

Inland Empire and to celebrate the naming of the Dr. Dev A. GnanaDev

Trauma Center at the Arrowhead Regional Medical Center.
Dr. GnanaDev started his over 40-year career serving the Inland

Empire as a member of the medical staff at the San Bernardino County

Medical Center, which eventually was renamed the Arrowhead Regional

Medical Center.
At Arrowhead Regional, he played a key role in the

development of the trauma center as the Founding Director of Trauma

Services until being appointed as the Medical Director of the Arrowhead

Regional Medical Center in June 2000.
Under his 12-year leadership,

Arrowhead Regional Medical Center took critical steps to expand its

patient services and physician training programs.
Today, Dr. GnanaDev

serves as the Associate Director of Medicine and the Chairman of the

Department of Surgery at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center, a position

he has held since 1989.