At Arrowhead Regional, he played a key role in the

development of the trauma center as the Founding Director of Trauma

Services until being appointed as the Medical Director of the Arrowhead

Regional Medical Center in June 2000.
Under his 12-year leadership,

Arrowhead Regional Medical Center took critical steps to expand its

patient services and physician training programs.
Today, Dr. GnanaDev

serves as the Associate Director of Medicine and the Chairman of the

Department of Surgery at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center, a position

he has held since 1989.
Dr GnanaDev has dedicated a lifetime to improving access to and the

quality of health care in the Inland Empire.
As the Founding President

Professor of Surgery at Western University of Health Sciences and the

California University of Science and Medicine, Dr. GnanaDev has taken

tremendous steps in addressing the physician shortage impacting our

communities.
This week, our community is coming together to celebrate Dr.

GnanaDev's commitment to a healthy Inland Empire.
On Thursday, May

23rd, Arrowhead Regional Medical Center will officially be named the

Dr. Dev A GnanaDev Trauma Center.
This honor will ensure that Dr.

GnanaDev's profound impact on our community's health and wellbeing will

be remembered for generations to come.
For his outstanding accomplishments, it is my honor to recognize Dev

A. GnanaDev, M.D., M.B.A, F.A.C.S. His years of service and commitment

to the people of the Inland Empire are worthy of the highest

commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FREDON TOWNSHIP'S 120TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to Fredon Township on its 120th anniversary.
I

am truly grateful to be celebrating this monumental milestone with

them.
Over the past 120 years, Fredon Township has flourished into a

lively town with vibrant natural scenery and rich history.
As the

youngest township in Sussex County, Fredon Township was formed from

parts of Andover, Green, Hampton, and Stillwater Townships and is home

to approximately 3,450 residents and 1,203 residential dwellings.
Once

a dusty, rutted, narrow dirt road on Route 94, traveling through a busy

little village in the 1800s, can now be found as the core of the

township.
I am proud to have such a remarkable town within the 7th

District, and I look forward to watching it continue to thrive in the

coming decades.
I wish Fredon Township a wonderful 120th anniversary.
May its next 120 years be filled with as much success as this one.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF BEHAVIORAL HEALTH SERVICES AT

JERSEY SHORE UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER AND RIVERVIEW MEDICAL CENTER

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join Hackensack Meridian

Health in commemorating the 50th anniversary of Behavioral Health

Services at Jersey Shore University Medical Center and Riverview

Medical Center.
The hospitals' vision and commitment to supporting the

well-being of Monmouth and Ocean County's communities is truly

deserving of this body's recognition.
Since 1974, Jersey Shore University Medical Center and Riverview

Medical Center

have offered a range of inpatient and outpatient behavioral health

services, including psychiatry, crisis and emergency services,

hospitalization, consultation, and education.
Over the years, services

have expanded to include addiction and children's programs.
Additionally, in 1979, Jersey Shore Medical Center began mobile

services in Asbury Park under a grant from the State of New Jersey.
To

better meet the needs of its clients, the program, coined Park Place,

moved to a facility, first operating out of the local United Methodist

Church, then to a home on Sewall Avenue, and later to a property on

Bond Street.
The Park Place program continued to expand and adapt,

integrating services and other programs until 2019 when it was merged

with the Riverview Medical Center Behavioral Health Acute Partial

Program.