Additionally,

President Smatresk led UNT to becoming a Carnegie-ranked Tier One

institution that has emerged as a top 10 U.S. public university on the

rise.
While his strategic vision and commitment to student success has

propelled UNT to new heights, earning recognition as both a Minority-

Serving and Hispanic-Serving Institution and securing its place as one

of only 22 Carnegie-ranked Tier One research universities designated as

Hispanic-Serving Institutions.
President Smatresk's impact extends far beyond the realm of academia.
Through strategic partnerships with industry leaders and innovative

program offerings, such as UNT's groundbreaking M.B.A. program in sport

entertainment management in collaboration with the Dallas Cowboys,

President Smatresk has positioned UNT as a pioneer in higher education.
His innovative approach to fostering partnerships between academia and

industry has positioned UNT as a leader in addressing the evolving

needs of the workforce.
Through strategic collaborations with companies

such as American Airlines, Liberty Mutual, Google, and JP Morgan Chase,

President Smatresk has created new avenues for experiential learning

and professional development, ensuring that UNT graduates are well-

equipped to thrive in today's competitive job market.
Moreover, his commitment to expanding UNT's presence in Collin County

through the establishment of the UNT at Frisco branch campus

underscores his dedication to expanding UNT's reach across the growing

DFW region and fostering economic development through education.
President Smatresk has also overseen a commitment to athletic

investments and facility expansions that has transformed UNT's athletic

program into a powerhouse of excellence and helped to secure UNT's

membership into Conference USA.
The Mean Green student-athletes and

teams, under his leadership, have flourished, exemplifying the

university's spirit of determination and achievement.
President Neal J. Smatresk's visionary leadership, unwavering

dedication, and profound impact on higher education will leave an

enduring legacy at the University of North Texas and beyond.
On behalf

of the constituents of the 26th Congressional District of Texas, I

extend my heartfelt gratitude to President Smatresk for his exemplary

service and wish him a fulfilling and rewarding retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA PUBLIC DEFENDER SERVICE

TECHNICAL CORRECTION ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Public Defender Service Technical Correction Act, which would fix a

drafting error in the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024.
Unless fixed, this error will force the D.C. Public Defender Service

(PDS) to close one day per week beginning in mid-June through the rest

of the current fiscal year.
I very much appreciate that Senator Chris

Van Hollen will be introducing the bill in the Senate.
I also

appreciate that he filed an amendment on the Senate floor to the FAA

Reauthorization Act of 2024 to fix this error, but am disappointed that

the Senate did not take it up.
PDS is independent of the D.C. government, is exclusively funded by

the federal government and its employees are deemed federal employees

for purposes of federal benefits.
The Further Consolidated

Appropriations Act, 2024 provides PDS $53,629,000 in fiscal year 2024,

the same funding level PDS received in fiscal year 2023.
However, the

Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2024 requires PDS to spend $3

million of its appropriation on office relocation expenses, even though

PDS had already relocated offices before the bill was enacted.
PDS

needs the authority to spend that $3 million on salaries, or it will be

forced to close one day per week.
My bill would give PDS the authority

to spend that $3 million on salaries.
The drafting error will not only harm PDS employees, who will not be

paid when PDS is closed, it will also harm the local criminal justice

system in D.C. On the days that PDS is closed, PDS attorneys will not

appear in any matter before the D.C. Superior Court, the D.C. Court of

Appeals, the U.S. Parole Commission or other administrative or

adjudicative body.