From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VICTORIA DOMINGUEZ SALAZAR

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Victoria

Dominguez Salazar for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service

Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Victoria has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Victoria, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Victoria's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the

beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Victoria Dominguez Salazar on

achieving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING GAYLE OWEN AVERYT

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, South Carolina is

recognizing the extraordinary achievements of Gayle Averyt, who is a

Southern Gentleman who has been a top business and political leader.
My

personal appreciation is for his courage as one of the state's earliest

Republicans, building the modern Party from non-existence to now super

majorities with all statewide elected officials Republicans.
Dunbar Funeral Home Obituary

Gayle Owen Averyt of Columbia, South Carolina, was born on

October 13, 1933, in Montgomery, Alabama, and he died

peacefully at his home in Columbia, South Carolina on May 13,

2024.
He was the second of three children of Edwin Franklin

and Asenath Murfee Averyt.
Gayle's family moved into their

first home in Columbia when he was five weeks old.
Gayle graduated from Dreher High School in 1951.
He went on

to graduate Cum Laude from Davidson College in 1955 and was

inducted into the Phi Beta Kappa Society.
He then earned an

MBA from Harvard Business School in 1958.
Gayle's father, Edwin, co-founded Colonial Life & Accident

Insurance Company in 1937.
Gayle joined Colonial Life after

Harvard, moving through the management ranks.
In 1970, he

became the Chairman of the Board and CEO after his father

retired.
He held those positions until 1993 when Colonial

Life merged with UNUM Corporation.
Gayle became Chairman

Emeritus of Colonial Life and served on UNUM's board from

1993 until 1999.
Gayle and his wife of 61 years, Margaret ``Peg'' Finlay met

on a blind date.
This was their first time meeting despite

both growing up in Columbia.
Safe to say their date was a

success and they were married on June 15, 1963, at Kanuga

Episcopal Conference Center in Hendersonville, North

Carolina.
Gayle was generous with his time, talents and resources.
Being of service gave him priceless memories and enhanced his

worldview and purpose.
He was on many boards and committees,

including the Central Carolina Community Foundation, the

South Carolina State Fair Association, the South Carolina

Orchestra Association, the South Carolina Ports Authority and

the Cultural Council of Richland and Lexington Counties.
He

was an active member of Trinity Cathedral and served on the

Finance Committee and in various other capacities.
As a board

member, he spent countless hours helping Heathwood Hall

Episcopal School and Kanuga Conference Center, two places

that were very special to him.
Even after he retired, Gayle

remained involved in numerous business, civic, political,

educational and cultural organizations.
Some of the awards Gayle received were the Distinguished

Alumni Award from Davidson College, Humanitarian of the Year

from The United Way of the Midlands, Business Man of the Year

from the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce, Honorary Doctor

of Public Service from the University of South Carolina, and

the Order of the Palmetto from Governor Carroll Campbell.
He

was inducted into the South Carolina Business Hall of Fame by

Junior Achievement.
Gayle led with humility and in the spirit of collaboration.