Title: COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
88

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2024

speech of

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the

brave and selfless members of our nation's Coast Guard.
I also rise to

urge my colleagues to join me in working to develop America's maritime

and shipbuilding workforce to meet the growing demand of the offshore

wind industry.
I am concerned that the Coast Guard Reauthorization Act, which is a

critical piece of legislation, includes language that would be

detrimental to the budding domestic offshore wind industry.
If enacted

without changes, this bill would significantly slow our transition to

clean, renewable, and domestic energy.
We have seen this worrisome

provision before.
Numerous stakeholders, then and now, have expressed

concern that crewing requirements on globally rare vessels that are

already in high demand would make it all but impossible for offshore

wind projects to move forward in the near term.
While I certainly share the goal of expanding opportunities for

American mariners in offshore wind farm construction, this jeopardizes

jobs in offshore wind manufacturing as well as jobs that will last

decades in offshore wind turbine operations and maintenance.
While I

plan to vote for this legislation due to the important work of our

nation's Coast Guard, I urge my colleagues to work together and remove

this shortsighted provision.
Last spring, in the interest of finding a path to empower American

workers without threatening progress in the near term, I introduced the

Offshore Wind American Manufacturing Act.
This Act requires the U.S.

Government Accountability Office (GAO) to conduct a study to inform

public and private investment in shipbuilding and workforce training to

support the Biden Administration's goal of deploying 30 gigawatts of

offshore wind energy by 2030.
The study would also identify ways that

current policies could be strengthened to support

American workers, including new opportunities for American mariners

interested in installing offshore wind on the outer continental shelf.
This study is a pragmatic approach that balances our responsibility

to reduce emissions and support American workers and mariners.
Thanks

to momentum generated by the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act,

offshore wind has the potential to catalyze major investments in

American manufacturing and shipbuilding.
By studying opportunities to

maximize the role of American mariners and shipbuilders in meeting

these goals, we ensure that we do not allow the perfect to become the

enemy of the good.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING LTC KELSEY ROUSEY

HON.
AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN

Mrs. RADEWAGEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Lieutenant Colonel

Kelsey Rousey for her dedicated service to the people of American Samoa

and all the Pacific Islands as Deputy to the House Liaison Division in

the U.S. Army's Office of the Chief, Legislative Liaison.
In American Samoa, our men and women of the Armed Forces are very

important to us The people of our islands take great pride in being

patriotic Americans and our people are known for a high rate of service

in our military In particular, our U S Army recruiting center ranks

number one in the nation in enlistment rate.
To that end I would like to recognize all the work LTC Rousey has

done to serve our country throughout her career, so far.
She received

her commission through the ROTC program at John Carroll University, as

Transportation Officer.
She has an extensive list of military awards and decorations

including the Bronze Star Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with

four oak leaf clusters, the Army Commendation Medal with three oak leaf

clusters, and the Meritorious Volunteer Medal.
She was instrumental in

sharing the Army message throughout the House of Representatives and

Congress.