Additionally, in 1979, Jersey Shore Medical Center began mobile

services in Asbury Park under a grant from the State of New Jersey.
To

better meet the needs of its clients, the program, coined Park Place,

moved to a facility, first operating out of the local United Methodist

Church, then to a home on Sewall Avenue, and later to a property on

Bond Street.
The Park Place program continued to expand and adapt,

integrating services and other programs until 2019 when it was merged

with the Riverview Medical Center Behavioral Health Acute Partial

Program.
For 50 years, Jersey Shore University Medical Center and Riverview

Medical Center have been providing services, education, outreach, and

support to individuals with mental health and substance abuse disorders

Their efforts to improve the quality and availability of support

services are important for the health and well-being of individuals and

their families.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Jersey

Shore University Medical Center and Riverview Medical Center for 50

years of providing comprehensive behavioral health services and

thanking its staff and members for their extraordinary service to the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE UNITED STATES BORDER PATROL 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women of

the United States Border Patrol for the 100 years of incredible service

they have provided to our country, ensuring security and sovereignty at

our borders.
Since its founding on May 1, 1924--the first anniversary

of the signing of the 1923 Border Convention between the United States

and Mexico, the United States Border Patrol has been dedicated to

defending the borders of our great Nation.
The members of the United States Border Patrol work day and night,

hour upon hour, in harsh conditions and dangerous circumstances to

ensure that terrorists, weapons, drugs and contraband do not make their

way into the United States.
Today, I wish to shine a spotlight on one of the integral sectors

within the United States Customs and Border Patrol--the Buffalo Sector.
Situated along the Northern border, the Buffalo Sector plays a pivotal

role in securing our nation's perimeter Sprawling across vast

landscapes, from the Great Lakes to the Appalachian Mountains, its

agents stand as

guardians of the gateway between the United States and Canada.
In the Buffalo Sector, CBP agents face unique challenges, navigating

diverse terrain and weather conditions with unwavering determination.
From bustling urban centers to remote wilderness, they remain steadfast

in their mission to uphold the rule of law and protect our communities

Their tireless efforts have thwarted illicit activities, intercepted

smugglers, and safeguarded our borders from potential threats.
But beyond their operational duties, the agents of the Buffalo Sector

embody the swift of service and sacrifice They forge bonds with the

communities they serve, building trust and collaboration to ensure the

safety of all, Their commitment to excellence and their willingness to

go above and beyond the call of duty exemplifies the finest traditions

of the United States Customs and Border Patrol.
The United States Border Patrol embodies the highest standard of

courage and dedication to duty, exemplified by serving in the most

hazardous environment with professionalism, unmatched performance, and

unwavering ethics.
Today, I am joined by my Congressional colleagues to hereby recognize

and applaud the United States Border Patrol for its outstanding service

and commend it for its contributions to the safety and protection of

the United States.
I thank all agents of the United States Border Patrol, past and

present, who bravely dedicated their efforts to guarding the borders of

the United States and upholding the rule of law for the past 100 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VICTORIA DOMINGUEZ SALAZAR

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Victoria

Dominguez Salazar for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service

Ambassadors for Youth Award.