Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I use today to pay tribute to the life and legacy of an outstanding member of the New Haven community and my dear friend, Lawrence Amendola.
Larry was an extraordinary man who dedicated a lifetime of service to the City of New Haven, particularly the Wooster Square neighborhood we both called home.
Born and raised in New Haven, Connecticut, Larry enlisted in the United States Army after graduating from high school.
Stationed in Germany for the majority of his military service, he was honorably discharged before returning to New Haven to begin his career.
Larry spent his professional life as a civil servant, beginning his City employment at the CETA Program and later working for the Department of Parks and Recreation, retiring at the age of 75.
Larry also served as President of AFSCME Local 3144 Management Union, one of City's largest unions, for over 20 years.
It was in this role that he had the most impact--where he fought on behalf of hundreds of city employees, negotiating contracts that ensured good wages and health benefits as well as pension and retirement security.
Larry understood better than most the benefits of the union and he worked tirelessly on behalf of those he represented.
While Larry dedicated his professional life to the City of New Haven, he also dedicated much of his time and energy to the community as well.
He served as Vice-President and President of the Saint Andrew the Apostle Society--one of the Italian American social organizations whose goal is to preserve and celebrate our shared Italian heritage.
Larry served in these roles for more than 30 years and volunteered countless hours at the Society's annual festival.
His work in the community was recognized when he was awarded the Steve Vuolo Award.
I am fortunate in that I knew Larry for most of my life.
He was a close family friend, having worked with both of my parents over the years.
I had the opportunity to work with Larry early in my career.
I was working with the Community Action Institute--at the Skill Center on Cedar Street--and Larry and I partnered to organize additional city employees.
He was not only a friend, but a great mentor.
I learned a lot from him and was always grateful for his support and friendship throughout my own career.
Lawrence ``Larry'' Amendola was a remarkable member of our community.
His passing leaves a hole in our community that will not easily be filled.
I extend my deepest sympathies to his companion of nearly 20 years, Flora D'Elsi, as well as his many cherished nieces, nephews, great and great-great nieces and nephews.
His passion, advocacy, and commitment to service will long serve as an example to which we should all strive.