Romania continues to be a strong local supporter of the people of

Ukraine in their struggle against the illegal invasion of woke war

criminal Putin.
I am eager for the United States to work with

President-Elect Dan.
In November of last year, Romania almost fell into

the Russian sphere of influence, again, as the Kremlin instructed

domestic actors to influence the first round of elections, which would

have led to the rise of the Anti-American far-right.
Thankfully, the Constitutional Court of Romania upheld the Rule of

Law and ordered the election to be held once more with more integrity

safeguards to be put into place.
I commend the Court for ensuring that

malign foreign influence, particularly from Russia, does

not determine leadership in a reliable and important democratic ally to

the United States.
The Kremlin's attempts to subvert Romania's democracy are part of a

broader campaign to weaken transatlantic cohesion.
The United States

unequivocally condemns these actions and supports coordinated sanctions

and countermeasures to counter these criminal maneuvers.
I look forward to President-Elect Dan being sworn-in during the

coming weeks.
The United States is proud to stand with the President-

Elect as a vital NATO ally and a democratic anchor on NATO's eastern

flank.
Romania's electoral course correction can serve as a blueprint for

othel democracies under pressure from Russian tyranny, from Georgia to

Ukraine.
President-elect Dan's victory reaffirms that the democratic

spirit cannot be extinguished by external sabotage or internal

division.
We wish him the best as he enters office and forms a

government and counters the moves by our common enemy.
Mr. Speaker, the United States wishes President-Elect Dan a warm

congratulations and best of luck, or felicitari si mult noroc.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SARGEANT WILLIE J. TRUEITT, JR.
HON.
CHARLES J. ``CHUCK'' FLEISCHMANN

Mr. FLEISCHMANN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Willie

J. Trueitt, Jr. of Chattanooga, Tennessee, in recognition of his

impending retirement.
Sergeant Trueitt serves as the lead for Special Operations and

Community Engagement with the University of Tennessee--Chattanooga

Police Department.
He has held positions in law enforcement for 31

years, including seven years with the Chattanooga Police Department,

five years with the U.S. Veterans Affairs Police, and more than 19

years with the UTC Police Department.
Sergeant Trueitt also served our Nation in the United States Navy.
In

his eleven years of service, then-Petty Officer Trueitt served in duty

stations including Scotland and Norfolk, Virginia.
I had the pleasure of meeting Sergeant Trueitt when he served in the

security detail for my visits to the UTC campus, and he also oversaw

the security planning for my Service Academy Day event this year.
He

has committed himself to serving the campus community, displaying a

high level of professionalism while also bringing a bright smile and a

positive attitude to his work.
It is with gratitude that I recognize Sergeant Willie J. Trueitt,

Jr., for his 42 years of public service to our Nation and our

community, and I wish him well on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
PRAMILA JAYAPAL

Ms. JAYAPAL.
Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call Votes No.
123 and Roll

Call No.
124 on May 13, 2025.
Had I been present, my votes would have

been Yea on Roll Call No.
123, and Yea on Roll Call No.
124.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
ALISA WHITE, PRESIDENT OF SAM HOUSTON STATE UNIVERSITY

HON.
MORGAN LUTTRELL

Mr. LUTTRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize President Alisa

White of Sam Houston State University for her dedication, devotion and

leadership in service to Sam Houston State University, its students and

all Texans.
Like Sam Houston himself, Dr. White saw Texas as a land of

promise, offering opportunities for bold enterprise and she is

delivering on that promise every day.