Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Lindsey

Hatcher on her offer of appointment to the United States Military

Academy.
Our service academies offer the finest military training and

education available, and I am positive that Linsdey will excel during

her career at the Military Academy.
I ask my colleagues to join me in

extending their best wishes to her as she begins her service to our

Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATIONAL ROOFING CONTRACTORS ASSOCIATION AND NATIONAL

ROOFING WEEK

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

National Roofing Contractors Association headquartered in Itasca,

Illinois, on the occasion of National Roofing Week between June 1-7,

2025.
National Roofing Week honors the efforts of thousands of roofing-

related workers and businesses across the country, as well as the

industry's commitment to public service in general.
National Roofing

Week is a valuable reminder of the significance quality roofing has on

every home and business in the U.S.

Established in 1886, NRCA is one of the Nation's oldest trade

associations and the voice of professional roofing contractors

worldwide.
NRCA has nearly 4,000 roofing company members representing

the entire roofing supply chain.
Using its network of roofing

contractors and industry-related members, NRCA is responsible for the

installation of new construction and replacement roof systems on

commercial and residential structures in America.
Most of NRCA's

members are small, privately held businesses that provide family-

sustaining jobs for thousands of hardworking individuals who are the

backbone of our economy.
Professional roofing contractors provide vital services to their

communities, on and off the clock.
NRCA members will recognize National

Roofing Week June 1-7, by supporting numerous charitable projects,

employee training programs and other activities across the Nation.
I

commend NRCA and the vital role the organization and its members play

in every community, and I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging

their contributions during National Roofing Week.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORTING THE DEMOCRATIC WOMEN'S CAUCUS ON DEFENDING SNAP AND MEDICAID

CUTS

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to defend Medicaid and the

Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or food stamps, from an

ongoing Republican assault.
In a few hours Republicans will meet to advance a bill that abandons

Americans who are struggling with the cost-of-living crisis.
It guts

Medicaid, which covers health care for children, people with

disabilities, seniors, and low-income workers, and it cuts nearly $300

billion from agriculture and programs that combat hunger, including

food stamps.
This Republican bill cuts Medicaid, forcing states to pay more or

cover fewer people--it cuts benefits.
I think of the 64,000 people in Connecticut, including 27,000

children, who can eat thanks to food stamps.
If this program is pushed back to the states, who have fewer

resources, the children will go hungry, and their families will not be

able to afford healthy foods.
In this cost of living crisis, the last

thing we should be doing is making it harder for families to put food

on the table.
But that is exactly what Republicans are preparing to do.
The results will be devastating--the largest cut to the most successful

anti-hunger program in American history.
All to pay for massive

giveaways to billionaires.