Title: CELEBRATING 90 YEARS OF RUTT INSURANCE; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
85

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 90 YEARS OF RUTT INSURANCE

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

Rutt Insurance for their 90th anniversary.
Founded in May 1935 by B. Titus Rutt, an orchard manager-turned-

insurance salesman.
Rutt Insurance is a family-run independent

insurance company located on Main Street in Mount Joy, Pennsylvania.
Since Jamie Rutt, Titus's grandson, joined the business in 1991, the

company has nearly doubled in size and expanded its reach by acquiring

other small agencies.
Rutt Insurance continues to serve the people of Lancaster County with

integrity, helping individuals and businesses find the right coverage

for their homes, vehicles, and livelihoods.
As proud members of the

Keystone Insurers Group and the Mount Joy Chamber of Commerce, their

contributions extend beyond business--they are active participants in

building a stronger, more resilient community.
As Rutt Insurance celebrates a milestone anniversary and prepares the

next generation of Rutt family leadership, I commend Rutt Insurance for

90 years of hard work, service, and positive community impact.
The

American Dream is alive in Pennsylvania's 11th Congressional District,

and Rutt Insurance demonstrates that.
May their success continue for

many more years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING PRESIDENT-ELECT NICUSOR DAN

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, the American people extend

their congratulations to President-Elect Nicusor Dan on decisively

winning the runoff election, as an independent, to become the President

of Romania held on May 18, 2025.
The President-elect's political career as the leader of the Save

Romania Union (USR) party began in 2016, during his service in the

Romanian Chamber of Deputies, then in 2020, went on to become the Mayor

of Bucharest.
His strong priorities of strengthening cooperation with the United

States and the European Union demonstrates his suitability to be the

right leader for the people of Romania.
I have a personal appreciation

for Romania with visits since 1997 where Cluj-Napoca was adopted as

sister city of Columbia, South Carolina.
I have visited numerous parts

facilities enduring the warm friendship of Americans for Romanians.
There is a deep appreciation for President-Elect Dan and his

commitment to promoting both academic and civil engagement in Romania,

which dates back to his co-founding of the Scoala Normala Superioara

Bucuresti, in 2001, modeled after the French Ecole Normale Superieure.
Aiming to cultivate academic excellence in Romania, his commitment to

furthering academic excellence in Romania, combined with his efforts to

eliminate corruption and encourage fiscal reform nationwide, cements

the strong policy foundation he will take with him as he enters office.
My appreciation for the people of Romania is personal as I have seen

firsthand how they have flourished since being liberated from the

tyranny of the failed Soviet empire.
As war criminal Putin attempts to

rebuild the former Soviet Empire, I am grateful that Romania has taken

a stand against them, siding with the democratic Rule of Law, which

will always triumph over the authoritarian Rule of Gun.
We cannot allow war criminal Putin to rebuild the failed former

Soviet empire and nations like Romania will help us maintain Peace

Through Strength across Europe and the rest of the world.
This election is a powerful testament to democratic resilience in the

face of neighboring warfare and criminal electoral manipulation.
Romania continues to be a strong local supporter of the people of

Ukraine in their struggle against the illegal invasion of woke war

criminal Putin.
I am eager for the United States to work with

President-Elect Dan.
In November of last year, Romania almost fell into

the Russian sphere of influence, again, as the Kremlin instructed

domestic actors to influence the first round of elections, which would

have led to the rise of the Anti-American far-right.