His efforts were vital to the logistical

support of his unit and other forces stationed in the region.
In the

challenging environment of an active combat zone, Josh excelled as a

member of the fuel crew, ensuring that every generator on the base was

fully fueled through dedicated shifts.
His contributions were crucial

to maintaining operational readiness and supporting his fellow service

members.
Notably, Josh was present during a rocket attack on March 23, 2023,

when 15 122mm rockets were fired from Iraq at Rumalyn Landing Zone in

Syria.
Thanks to his leadership and quick response, there were no

injuries or damage to equipment during this hostile incident.
Josh's

actions during this time earned him the Combat Action Badge, a

testament to his bravery and professionalism.
Additionally, Josh had the unique opportunity to train with special

forces during his premobilization at Fort Bliss, further enhancing his

skills and readiness.
Specialist Josh Smith exemplifies the dedication, resilience, and

selflessness that we honor in our armed forces.
I commend him for his

service and commitment to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EAST GREENWICH TOWNSHIP MAYOR DALE ARCHER

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Mayor Dale Archer of

East Greenwich Township, who has dedicated many years of service to our

community, including 11 years as mayor.
Under his leadership, East

Greenwich has flourished with strong fiscal management and innovative

solutions for local governance.
He improved the township's finances by

implementing a five-year plan with policies that allowed him to manage

the community effectively, resulting in the second-lowest tax rate in

Gloucester County.
Because of his guidance, East Greenwich received the

Innovative Government Award from the League of Municipalities for its

shared fire department service with Paulsboro.
The remarkable progress

East Greenwich has made since Mayor Archer took office led to the town

being recognized as the Best Small Town in New Jersey by South Jersey

Magazine.
In addition to his commitment to his community, Mayor Archer

served the world's finest fighting force, the United States Marine

Corps, and has been a long-time member of both the Veteran of Foreign

Wars and the Marine Corps League.
I thank Mayor Dale Archer, for his

dedicated service to East Greenwich and our country, and I look forward

to seeing all that he will accomplish in the future.
God bless Mayor

Dale Archer, and God bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MELINDA FLEMING FOR HER LIFE OF SERVICE

HON.
TOM McCLINTOCK

Mr. McCLINTOCK.
I rise today to recognize Melinda Franca Fleming, a

pillar of the Sonora community.
Melinda was born on the Hoopa Indian Reservation in Northern

California and grew up in a small town called Waterford.
In her early

adult life, she worked to balance part-time jobs and family obligations

with her college work, earning an associate degree from Columbia

College and later graduating Summa Cum Laude from Stanislaus State.
Melinda pursued a substitute teaching job prior to earning her teaching

credential from the University of the Pacific.
As a full-time teacher, Melinda became quickly involved in her school

community where she taught English, reading, journalism,

speech, yearbook, and newspaper.
She was such a positive force that she

was twice recognized as teacher of the year.
Melinda would later leave teaching to spend more time with her

family, which now includes her husband Ken and their three children,

nine grandchildren, and great-grandchild.
Melinda soon continued her community service as Executive Director of

the Tuolumne County Alliance for Resources and Environment (TuCARE), a

non-profit promoting good stewardship of public lands.
By hosting

educational lands tours with regional leaders and annual conferences on

forest health, Melinda has had an incalculable impact not only on local

forestry, but on informing long-term policies needed to save our

forests, communities, and local economies for posterity.