Mr. Salgado also served on the Baldrige, TX-based ASBDC

Accreditation Committee for 15 years.
Through this work, Mr. Salgado

continuously improved the national network and supported entrepreneurs

across the country.
Before retirement, Mr. Salgado continued his commitment to helping

small businesses reach their full potential as Executive Director of

the Texas South-West SBDC Network at the University of Texas at San

Antonio.
For more than 20 years, the Texas South-West SBDC Network has

provided business consulting at every stage of business development,

helping small businesses increase capacity and reach their full

potential.
In 2023 alone, the Network's effort saved over 31,000 jobs

and created some 10,400 jobs.
Moreover, companies affiliated with the

Network generated approximately $635 million in new sales and $72

million in tax revenue.
Mr. Salgado's impact across the region during

his tenure is immeasurable.
Mr. Speaker, I am happy to express my gratitude to Al Salgado, a man

who helped transform my city of San Antonio and state of Texas for the

better.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JACK MAZZEO, HAMMONTON SONS OF ITALY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor Jack Mazzeo

from Hammonton, who owns and operates Mazzeo Studio, the oldest

photography studio in New Jersey.
Since 1946, this family business has

built a legacy of excellence in photography.
Jack has continued on his

father's tradition, creating beautiful portraits, while also training

his daughter, Deanna, to carry on the tradition.
He has taught his

daughter well, as she specializes in capturing images of babies and

children.
Jack's work has been recognized worldwide, competing with

other professionals from around the globe, and earning him the

prestigious title of Master of Photography.
Many of his award-winning

photographs have been showcased at Professional Photographers

Conventions in New York, Chicago, New Orleans, and even as far away as

South Korea.
Jack is one of the world's finest photographers, and I am

proud to say he is from my district.
God bless Jack, and God bless our

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN BROWNE ON HIS 50TH ANNIVERSARY AS A VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John

Browne, an extraordinary individual from Mountainside, New Jersey, as

he celebrates his 50th anniversary as a volunteer firefighter with the

Mountainside Fire Department.
Since joining the department in February

1974, John has responded to no less than 60 percent of fire calls each

year during his 50-year tenure--more than any other volunteer

firefighter in the history of the department.
He has been described as

the type of first responder you can always count on to be there,

serving in every capacity, including line officer, lieutenant, captain,

deputy chief, assistant chief, and even as fire chief on three separate

occasions.
In his free time, John continues to educate and serve his

community by volunteering to help lead free public tours of the John J.

Harvey Fireboat Museum and Education Center in New York Harbor.
John's

dedication and commitment to the community of Mountainside have been

immeasurable, and I thank him for his incredible contributions to New

Jersey's 7th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAYOR KATHI HEMKEN

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mayor Kathi Hemken as

she concludes 16 years of service leading the City of New Hope.
Throughout her time as Mayor, residents have come to know her as a

devoted advocate for their well-being, a thoughtful steward of the

public good, and a relentless driver of housing and economic

development.
Mayor Hemken began her career with the city on the New Hope Planning

Commission in 1997.
After two years as Chair, she won her first term as

Mayor in 2008.