Melinda would later leave teaching to spend more time with her

family, which now includes her husband Ken and their three children,

nine grandchildren, and great-grandchild.
Melinda soon continued her community service as Executive Director of

the Tuolumne County Alliance for Resources and Environment (TuCARE), a

non-profit promoting good stewardship of public lands.
By hosting

educational lands tours with regional leaders and annual conferences on

forest health, Melinda has had an incalculable impact not only on local

forestry, but on informing long-term policies needed to save our

forests, communities, and local economies for posterity.
Due to her

twenty years of service, TuCARE has been recognized as a non-profit of

the year, a testament to her influence and dedication.
Mr. Speaker, Melinda Fleming spent her life serving her community.
Whether educating and mentoring our youth or advising senior

policymakers, Melinda's passion to better those around her embodies her

true character as a model citizen.
We are better for her service, and

we know that even in retirement she will continue to serve through the

shining example that is her legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
DAVID HODGE

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. David Hodge

for his dedicated service to the Tulare County community and to

congratulate him on his retirement from Tulare Western High School.
Mr.

Hodge attended the College of the Sequoias before earning his Bachelor

of Arts in Physical Education from Fresno State University.
During his

time at Fresno State, he was a member of the Water Polo team and served

as captain of the Swim team his senior year.
Mr. Hodge's career in

education and passion for student success began in 1993, when he joined

Tulare Western High School.
Six years later, he received the Staff

Yearbook Dedication, recognizing his dedication as an educator and the

meaningful connections he made with students.
Throughout his tenure,

Mr. Hodge has taken on many important roles at Tulare Western,

including physical education teacher and head coach of the Varsity Boys

Water Polo and Swim teams.
In 2020, he was appointed Department Chair

of the Physical Education Department.
For over thirty years, Mr. Hodge

has had a profound impact on students at Tulare Western High School.
As

both a teacher and a coach, he has dedicated himself to developing the

character and leadership skills of all his students.
He is known by

colleagues as a strong leader and mentor who always puts his students

first.
Mr. Hodge has received numerous awards throughout his career,

including Visalia Times Delta Swim Coach of the Year in 2015 and

California Interscholastic Federation (CIF) Central Section Division 3

Swim and Water Polo Coach of the Year in 2019.
This year, he is

nominated for the CIF State Model Coach Award, which recognizes coaches

who demonstrate a longstanding commitment to fostering students'

potential.
One of his greatest accomplishments is the success of his

sons, Austin and Daven, both of whom attended Tulare Western and played

key roles in the water polo team's championship victory during their

time as students.
It is because of the commitment of educators like Mr.

Hodge that students in the Central Valley community thrive, and I want

to thank Mr. Hodge for creating an environment that helps our youth

become the best they can be.
His dedication to the students at Tulare

Western High School is a true testament to his character, and I am

confident that his leadership will have a lasting impact on the Tulare

Western community for years to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues

for his decades of service to the Central Valley and wishing him a

happy and well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NOLAN KEATING

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.