Title: COMMENDING DAVID ZIMMERMAN ON 27 YEARS OF SERVICE TO TAZEWELL COUNTY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
172

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING DAVID ZIMMERMAN ON 27 YEARS OF SERVICE TO TAZEWELL COUNTY

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize David Zimmerman

for his decades of service to the Central Illinois community.
Zimmerman

served on the Tazewell County Board for 27 years and was the chairman

of the board for the last 16 years.
Zimmerman graduated from Illinois State University with a degree in

Political Science and began his service to the Tazewell County Board in

1997.
Before becoming chairman, Zimmerman held many responsibilities as

a board member including Finance, HR, Insurance Review, and Land Use

Chair.
During his tenure on the Board, Zimmerman positively influenced

the lives of his constituents by improving the well-being of Tazewell

County.
Outside of his work on the Tazewell County Board, Zimmerman has

served the people of Central Illinois through different public service

roles.
Examples include the Greater Peoria Economic Development

Commission Executive Board, United Counties Council of Illinois Vice-

President, Tazewell County and Peoria Salvation Army Board Member, and

Berean Prison Ministry Board Member, among others.
A strong leader

within the Central Illinois community, Zimmerman was also recognized in

the Peoria Magazine through their ``40 Leaders Under 40'' award.
David Zimmerman's decades long efforts have left a lasting impact on

the Greater Peoria community and the state of Illinois.
His commitment

to our community is truly inspiring and I wish him the best in all

future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MANNSDALE UPPER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL FOR THE NATIONAL BLUE

RIBBON SCHOOL DISTINCTION

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mannsdale Upper

Elementary School for its National Blue Ribbon School distinction.
Since 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program has recognized

schools for academic achievements and efforts to close the educational

gap within communities.
The program aims to showcase schools that

demonstrate the importance of ensuring all students can achieve high

academic standards.
This award is among the highest national honors

given to schools across the United States.
This year, only 256 schools

received recognition, and Mannsdale Upper Elementary is among the top

schools, not only in Mississippi but also nationwide.
I am proud to see

Mannsdale Upper Elementary honored with this prestigious award.
I want to thank Dr. Nicole Cockrell, Principal of Mannsdale Upper

Elementary, Assistant Principal Mrs. Holly Jones, and Madison County

School District Superintendent Ted Poore for their dedicated work in

fostering such a high-achieving learning environment.
I extend my gratitude to the teachers and leaders in Madison County

and across Mississippi for their unwavering and selfless dedication to

helping students learn, grow, and strive for continuous improvement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AL SALGADO

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Al Salgado, who

for the last 32 years has served the Small Business Development Center

(SBDC), helping to grow the Texas economy ``One Business at a Time.''
Established in 1979, America's Small Business Development Centers

(ASBDC) have grown to include approximately 1,000 service centers and

more than 5,000 professional business advisors who provide personalized

and confidential assistance to small business owners.
For twelve years,

Mr. Salgado served on the ASBDC board, serving as board chair for two

terms.
Mr. Salgado also served on the Baldrige, TX-based ASBDC

Accreditation Committee for 15 years.
Through this work, Mr. Salgado

continuously improved the national network and supported entrepreneurs

across the country.
Before retirement, Mr. Salgado continued his commitment to helping

small businesses reach their full potential as Executive Director of

the Texas South-West SBDC Network at the University of Texas at San

Antonio.