Throughout her time as Mayor, residents have come to know her as a

devoted advocate for their well-being, a thoughtful steward of the

public good, and a relentless driver of housing and economic

development.
Mayor Hemken began her career with the city on the New Hope Planning

Commission in 1997.
After two years as Chair, she won her first term as

Mayor in 2008.
She wasted no time in getting to work on behalf of her

constituents and fostering a culture of appreciation, respect, and

excellence among the staff at City Hall.
Over the past 14 years, New Hope has undergone a remarkable

resurgence of new housing and business.
The city's property tax base

has grown by over a billion dollars, a surge of 73 percent--an

impressive amount of growth that would not have been possible without

Mayor Hemken's leadership.
They've added nearly 500 new apartment

units, 127 single family homes, and through the Scattered Site Housing

Program, 30 new or rehabilitated single-family homes.
These

developments include workforce housing, assisted living, deeply

affordable housing, and luxury housing--a diversity that serves all

residents of New Hope.
The City Center underwent a transformative

multi-phase redevelopment, introducing an aquatic park, a performance

center, a new City Hall, an upgraded police station, and essential

businesses like a Hy-Vee grocery store, resulting in over $15 million

in local improvements and the creation of 400 jobs.
Always accessible, Mayor Hemken builds strong relationships with

constituents and city staff, promotes open dialogue on complex issues,

and fosters an environment of growth and appreciation within the

community.
A strong supporter of small businesses, she was even

featured on ``The Colbert Show.''
When a small business highlighted on

the show required assistance, she connected with the owner and provided

essential resources to help them navigate the challenges that arose

from their sudden fame and increased demand.
Beyond economic development, Mayor Hemken demonstrates her passion

for promoting literacy by collecting and distributing books for local

children and engaging with students through reading programs.
She has

served on countless boards and committees, including the Regional

Council of Mayors, the Northwest YMCA, League of Women Voters, and

more.
Each winter, she personally bakes hundreds of cookies and

packages them up with a personal note of appreciation to each and every

city employee.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our profound

gratitude to New Hope Mayor Kathi Hemken for her hard work and

dedication.
She has led the City Council, City staff, board and

commission members, and most importantly, the New Hope community

through unprecedented challenges and reshaped the city.
There is no

question that New Hope will benefit from her thoughtful stewardship for

generatIons to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SPECIALIST JOSHUA SMITH AS VETERAN OF THE MONTH

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor

Specialist Joshua Smith, a distinguished veteran of the Michigan Army

National Guard.
Raised in Caro, Michigan, he graduated from Caro High

School.
Josh demonstrated his commitment to service by joining the Army

National Guard in 2018.
He underwent rigorous training, completing

Basic Training at Fort Benning and Advanced Individual Training at Fort

Leonard Wood, specializing as an 88M Motor Transport Operator.
He was

assigned to the 237th Brigade Support Battalion in Bay City.
Josh deployed to Syria from 2022 to 2023, where he served with honor

and distinction.
During his deployment, his duties included operating a

10k SkyTrak, loading C-130 aircraft, and recovering essential equipment

and supplies from airdrops.
His efforts were vital to the logistical

support of his unit and other forces stationed in the region.
In the

challenging environment of an active combat zone, Josh excelled as a

member of the fuel crew, ensuring that every generator on the base was

fully fueled through dedicated shifts.
His contributions were crucial

to maintaining operational readiness and supporting his fellow service

members.