The UC Davis Women's Cardiovascular program is a great representation

critical issues of our time.
Some of this program's many feats include

collaborating with the California Department of Public Health to draft

California's Master Plan for Stroke Prevention, now designated as a

model women's heart program by the United States Department of Health

and Human Services.
Mr. Speaker, today we honor the Women's Cardiovascular Medicine

Program at UC Davis Health for 30 years of excellence in women's heart

care and education.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, February 6, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

FEBRUARY 8

9 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the Financial Stability

Oversight Council Annual Report to Congress.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the administration's pause on

liquefied natural gas (LNG) export approvals and the

Department of Energy's process for assessing LNG export

applications.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Dafna

Hochman Rand, of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary of

State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.
10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine Artificial Intelligence and

Health Care, focusing on promise and pitfalls.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription

drugs.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Ann Marie

McIff Allen, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Utah, Susan M. Bazis, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Ernest

Gonzalez, and Leon Schydlower, both to be a United

States District Judge for the Western District of

Texas, Kelly Harrison Rankin, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Wyoming, and Robin

Michelle Meriweather, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the

United States Court of Federal Claims; to be

immediately followed by a hearing to examine pending

nominations.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 2385, to provide access to

reliable, clean, and drinkable water on Tribal lands,

S. 2868, to accept the request to revoke the charter of

incorporation of the Lower Sioux Indian Community in

the State of Minnesota at the request of that

Community, S. 3022, to amend the Indian Health Care

Improvement Act to allow Indian Health Service

scholarship and loan recipients to fulfill service

obligations through half-time clinical practice, S.

2796, to provide for the equitable settlement of

certain Indian land disputes regarding land in

Illinois, and S. 3230, to transfer administrative

jurisdiction of certain Federal lands from the Army

Corps of Engineers to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, to

take such lands into trust for the Winnebago Tribe of

Nebraska.
FEBRUARY 28

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the Water Resources

Development Act, focusing on USACE water infrastructure

projects, programs and priorities.
POSTPONEMENTS

FEBRUARY 8

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine global security challenges

and U.S. strategy.