His family

instilled in him a deep appreciation for music.
He grew up surrounded

by the sounds of Detroit's Motown, rock, jazz, and funk.
As a child,

Mr. Fiddler studied piano and eventually keyboard.
He found his first

professional work as a musician with Enchantment, a Detroit-based soul

act.
He was eventually discovered by the legendary George Clinton and

went on to perform regularly with Parliament-Funkadelic between 1985

and 1996.
It was during this time that Fiddler honed his skills on the

keyboard and synthesizers, contributing significantly to the band's

distinctive sound.
Beyond his work with P-Funk, Fiddler collaborated with notable

artists such as Prince, Seal, and Maxwell.
His studio, Camp Amp, became

a hub for aspiring musicians.
He mentored J Dilla, another notable

Detroit musician, putting him on the path to developing his signature

style.
Fiddler enjoyed a successful solo career, marked by his blending

of classic funk with contemporary sound, in addition to his numerous

collaborations.
Despite his stellar career, Fiddler always remained

humble and dedicated to his craft and community.
Please join me in recognizing the musical contributions of Amp

Fiddler, a true guiding force for Detroit's musical culture, as we

mourn his loss.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE PROTECTING HOMES FROM TRAINS ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Protecting Homes from

Trains Act of 2024, which would establish a grant program for the

design and construction of barriers to mitigate rail activity that may

harm homes and their occupants, including derailments, noise and

vibrations.
The Noise Control Act of 1972 created the Office of Noise Abatement

and Control within the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), granting

EPA authority and oversight over noise control regulations.
However,

years of defunding left this office without any resources to conduct

enforcement, forcing EPA to phase out the office in 1982.
District of

Columbia residents frequently tell me about the negative impact of

train noise and vibrations on their lives.
The noise and vibrations can

harm health and quality of life, and can even harm the structural

integrity of homes.
Congress and the executive branch must do more to

reduce this harm.
As a senior member of the Committee on Transportation and

Infrastructure and as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on

Highways and Transit, I have been working to reduce transportation

noise and vibrations.
I have convened community meetings with the

Federal Railroad Administration, the District of Columbia Department of

Transportation and the Federal Highway Administration to examine how to

reduce train noise and vibrations.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained for parts of the

day on September 14, 2023 and October 26, 2023.
On September 14th, had

I been present, I would have voted: Nay on Roll Call No.
391, H.R.

1435--Preserving Choice in Vehicle Purchases Act, and Yea on Roll Call

No.
390, H.R. 1435--Motion to Recommit.
On October 26th, had I been present, I would have voted Nay on the

following bills: Roll Call No.
558, H.R. 4394--Energy and Water

Appropriations Final Passage; Roll Call No.
556, H.R. 4394--Rosendale

of Montana Part B Amendment No.
60; Roll Call No.
555, H.R. 4394--

Rosendale of Montana Part B Amendment No.
59; Roll Call No.
554, H.R.

4394--Rosendale of Montana Part B Amendment No.
58; Roll Call No.
553,

H.R. 4394--Pfluger of Texas Part B Amendment No.
57; Roll Call No.
552,

H.R. 4394--Pfluger of Texas Part B Amendment No.
56; Roll Call No.
551,

H.R. 4394--Norman of South Carolina Part B Amendment No.
51; Roll Call

No.
550, H.R. 4394--Norman of South Carolina Part B Amendment No.
50;

Roll Call No.
549, H.R. 4394--Norman of South Carolina Part B Amendment

No.
50; Roll Call No.