50;

Roll Call No.
549, H.R. 4394--Norman of South Carolina Part B Amendment

No.
50; Roll Call No.
548, H.R. 4394--Norman of South Carolina Part B

Amendment No.
47; Roll Call No.
547, H.R. 4394--Luna of Florida Part B

Amendment No.
43; and Yea on Roll Call No.
557, H.R. 4394--Motion to

Recommit.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PROMOTION OF BRIGADIER GENERAL LISA J. HOU, D.O. (USA)

TO MAJOR GENERAL

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the promotion of

Brigadier General Lisa J. Hou to the rank of Major General.
Major

General Lisa J. Hou has served as the Adjutant General of the New

Jersey National Guard and Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of

Military and Veterans Affairs since June 2021.
As a daughter of

immigrants raised in New Jersey, General Hou's journey is a prime

example of the American Dream and of our nation's spirit.
It is my

privilege to honor a true patriot that has served and supported New

Jersey and our country.
Major General Hou has commanded the more than 8,400 Soldiers and

Airmen of the New Jersey National Guard with steadfast determination.
The wide range of missions the New Jersey National Guard responds to

presents a challenge Major General Hou has risen to accomplish.
Whether

through state-to-state partnership with the Republic of Albania,

supporting the Global War on Terror, or providing assistance during

natural disasters, the Soldiers and Airmen of the New Jersey National

Guard have executed their missions with the utmost professionalism and

success under Major General Hou's command.
In addition to her role as Adjutant General of the National Guard,

Major General Hou also serves in the New Jersey Governor's cabinet as

Commissioner of the Department of Military and Veterans Affairs

(DMAVA), Major General Hou leads, directs, and manages all state

veterans' programs, commissions, and facilities in the Garden State,

providing services and benefits to over 300,000 veterans statewide.
I

extend my most heartfelt thanks to Major General Hou for her service

and sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE UC DAVIS WOMEN'S CARDIOVASCULAR MEDICINE PROGRAM

HON.
DORIS O. MATSUI

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 30th

anniversary of the Women's Cardiovascular Medicine Program at the

University of California, Davis, and to acknowledge National Red Dress

Day, which seeks to raise awareness about heart disease being a leading

cause of death for women in America.
Established in 1994, the UC Davis Women's Cardiovascular Medicine

program and clinic was the nation's first program dedicated to women's

cardiovascular health.
Since then, the program has continued to lead

the industry in cardiovascular care in the Sacramento region, providing

personalized, equitable, and women-centered care to tackle cardiac

conditions unique to women.
The remarkable clinical team offers a

comprehensive and preventative range of care options that include, but

are not limited to, dietary counseling, cardiac rehabilitation, and

risk factor analysis, diagnosis, and treatment.
In addition to the program's clinic providing care to women with

cardiovascular conditions, it also trains the next generation of

healthcare workers.
Students are given the opportunity to directly

engage with women with heart disease through resident rotations and the

opportunity to shadow leading experts in women's heart care.
The UC Davis Women's Cardiovascular program is a great representation

critical issues of our time.
Some of this program's many feats include

collaborating with the California Department of Public Health to draft

California's Master Plan for Stroke Prevention, now designated as a

model women's heart program by the United States Department of Health

and Human Services.
Mr. Speaker, today we honor the Women's Cardiovascular Medicine

Program at UC Davis Health for 30 years of excellence in women's heart

care and education.