Community Options is a non-profit organization based in New Jersey,

and it is dedicated to promoting self-determination and community

involvement for people with intellectual and development disabilities.
By providing these individuals with accessible housing and equipping

them with skills to pursue careers of their choice, Community Options

has changed more than 5,000 lives.
This exceptional organization has

tackled barriers that historically impeded people with disabilities,

and in doing so they have brought extraordinary vibrancy, creativity,

and diversity to our communities.
New Jersey is both proud and grateful

to house the headquarters of this exceptional organization.
I wish Community Options the best of luck as they continue with their

outstanding work.
It has been a true pleasure to watch their

organization grow and prosper over the past 35 years, and I have no

doubt that they will touch many more lives in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL ELZA PERRY, JR.
HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Lieutenant Colonel Elza Perry, Jr., a true American hero who served in

the United States Air Force, who recently passed away at age 90.
Before his military service, Lt.
Col.
Elza Perry, Jr. was born in

Gorman, Texas as the only child of Elza, Sr, and Myrtle Perry.
Lt.
Col.
Elza Perry, Jr. demonstrated his aptitude for leadership while a

student at De Leon High School, where he was the president of the Class

of 1950, valedictorian, and captain of the football team.
After

graduating from De Leon High School, he went on to earn his Bachelor's

degree from North Texas State College and an MBA from Michigan State

University.
Lt.
Col.
Elza Perry, Jr. distinguished himself as a 22-year Airman,

obtaining the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and serving in Germany,

Okinawa, Vietnam, Taiwan, Florida, California, and five years at the

Pentagon.
During his military service in the Air Force, he served

honorably in various positions, such as weapons director, commander,

inspector, and instructor.
In Vietnam, Lt.
Col.
Elza Perry, Jr. served

as a battle commander at an aircraft control center near Danang and

stayed in the country until January 27, 1973.
His honorable leadership

earned him the Bronze Star, the Meritorious Service Medal, and the Air

Force Commendation Medal.
After retiring from the Air Force at Norton Air Force Base, Lt.
Col.
Elza Perry, Jr. decided to remain in Southern California and dedicated

himself to his work as the Director of Vehicle Services and Assistant

County Administrator.
He later retired in 1991 and lived in Redlands,

California for many years before settling in Calimesa, California in

1998.
As a retired veteran, Elza spent the remainder of his life with

his wife Bonnie in a retirement community in Calimesa where he

continued showing his leadership through acts of service for his

friends and neighbors.
He enjoyed taking exercise classes and was an

avid fan of the L.A. Dodgers and Angels.
Lt.
Col.
Perry, Jr. is survived by his wife of 34 years, Bonnie; two

stepsons, Captain Robert Perry, USN (Ret.)
and Ralph Perry; two

daughters, Reverend Karin Kaye and Barbara Perry; two stepdaughters,

Susan Reidel and Jackie Filbeck; and eight grandchildren and six great-

grandchildren.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and commemorating the

life, legacy, and service of Lieutenant Colonel Elza Perry, Jr.

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF JOSEPH ANTHONY ``AMP'' FIDDLER

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate the life and legacy

of Joseph Anthony Fiddler, better known as ``Amp,'' as we mourn his

passing.
Amp Fiddler was born May 16, 1958 in Detroit, Michigan.
His family

instilled in him a deep appreciation for music.
He grew up surrounded

by the sounds of Detroit's Motown, rock, jazz, and funk.
As a child,

Mr. Fiddler studied piano and eventually keyboard.