Title: GREENVILLE MISSISSIPPI ALUMNI CHAPTER OF KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY, INC.
CELEBRATES 70 YEARS OF SERVICE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
20

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GREENVILLE MISSISSIPPI ALUMNI CHAPTER OF KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATERNITY,

INC.
CELEBRATES 70 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

the Greenville Mississippi Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity

Inc. for their 70 years of service.
The Greenville Mississippi Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi

Fraternity, Inc. was chartered on February 14, 1954, by the late G.P.

Maddox, he late B.L. Bell, the late Dr. Charles Holmes, the late Ray

Brooks, the late A.C. Isaac, the late Robert Hall, the late Dr. Henry

St. Hille, the late Sunny Kyles, and the late Arthur B. Peyton, Sr.
Today, the brothers who make up the alumni chapter are from

Mississippi, Tennessee, and Arkansas.
The Greenville Mississippi Alumni Chapter has sought ways to

acknowledge brothers within their chapter who have made individual

achievements in their path of life.
Seventy years of the Greenville Mississippi Alumni Chapter has come

with scholarship awards for men and women to highlight citizens who

have contributed to serving the community, exceptional educational

achievement, professional achievement, service to the fraternity,

outstanding leadership, and brotherhood.
Their continual leadership and service around Greenville, MS, and the

greater Mississippi Delta have contributed positively to the region.
Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. has sponsored events such as football

bowl games, high school Greek shows, all-star basketball games, Miss

Kappa Alpha Psi pageants, and the Arthur B. Peyton golf tournament.
The

chapter has also participated in the United Way housing initiative and

pioneered events such as the inaugural All-White and Jean social events

and New Year's with the Nupes.
Celebrating 70 years of service is only possible with the hard work

and dedication of brothers who have committed their time and effort to

their fraternity.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the

Greenville Mississippi Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity,

Inc.

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HOMETOWN HERO--MARK ``HAWKEYE'' LOUIS

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, host of the popular radio show, Hawkeye

in the Morning, Mark ``Hawkeye'' Louis is an avid baseball card

collector.
Since his childhood, Hawkeye spent years collecting Major

League Baseball cards, with the collection eventually totaling an

impressive 17,000 cards.
Instead of letting the collection continue to

collect dust, he decided to give back to our community by selling the

cards and donating the proceeds.
Hawkeye decided the enormous impact of donating the more than $10,000

in proceeds would make him more proud than hanging onto the cards ever

could.
His background in volunteer work and fundraising at DFW

children's hospitals made Cook Children's Hospital in Fort Worth the

perfect choice.
Hawkeye's story is inspiring and his selfless donation will help

hundreds of children in our district.
I want to thank Mark ``Hawkeye''

Louis for his ongoing support of North Texas children and children's

hospitals throughout our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COMMUNITY OPTIONS ON THEIR 35TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to Community Options on their 35th anniversary.
Community Options is a non-profit organization based in New Jersey,

and it is dedicated to promoting self-determination and community

involvement for people with intellectual and development disabilities.
By providing these individuals with accessible housing and equipping

them with skills to pursue careers of their choice, Community Options

has changed more than 5,000 lives.
This exceptional organization has

tackled barriers that historically impeded people with disabilities,

and in doing so they have brought extraordinary vibrancy, creativity,

and diversity to our communities.