In recent decades, Sara has been instrumental in other Nevada

campaigns, including presidential candidates Bill Clinton, Barack

Obama, Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, and Kamala Harris.
In addition to

her political work, Sara has been involved in numerous community and

charitable organizations, including the 1964 founding of Boulder City's

Art in the Park, the largest juried art festival in the Southwest with

proceeds going towards the Boulder City Hospital Foundation.
The State of Nevada has benefitted tremendously from her work.
She is

greatly respected, highly admired, and deeply loved by so many.
I join

my fellow Nevadans in wishing her a Happy One-Hundredth Birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF UNILAND DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

50th anniversary of Uniland Development Company.
Uniland Development

was founded in a single warehouse in Tonawanda, New York, by Carl J.

Montante and Nancy R. Dobson in 1974.
Since then Uniland has grown into

the largest commercial real estate developer in western New York,

changing the face of Buffalo and western New York through passion and

dedication.
Uniland's success stems from a steadfast focus on improving the

community.
With a talented team of over 200 associates, the company has

consistently delivered solutions for businesses throughout the region,

helping to spur economic development and growth.
Their guiding

principles of integrity, professionalism, excellence, innovation,

customer focus, and teamwork are not just words; they are the

foundation upon which Uniland has built its legacy.
Over the past five decades, Uniland has transformed the landscape of

western New York with remarkable projects that have enhanced our

communities.
From the early days at 260 Wales Avenue to the expansive

CrossPoint Business Park, Uniland has continually set the standard for

commercial real estate.
Their developments have created thousands of

jobs and revitalized neighborhoods, ensuring that both businesses and

communities thrive.
Notable milestones, such as the transformation of the Elm-Oak

corridor in Buffalo and the iconic Avant mixed-use redevelopment,

showcase Uniland's commitment to innovation and community improvement.
Their ongoing work in residential rentals and their

dedication to socially responsible initiatives speak volumes about

their mission to build better communities.
Congratulations to Carl Montante, Nancy Dobson, and the entire

Uniland team on this extraordinary 50-year journey.
Your unwavering

commitment to excellence and community enhancement has made a lasting

impact on western New York.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CLINTON McCRACKEN AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR PRIDE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Clinton McCracken has dedicated much of his

life to teaching and advocating for teachers and LGBTQ+ students.
In

2022, Clinton was named National Teacher of the Year by MSA.
He has

been a teacher for 24 years and is honored to serve as the president of

the Orange County Classroom Teachers Association--the teacher's union

for the eighth-largest school district in the country.
In 2004, Clinton and his [now] husband, Mike Palmateer, along with

three other same-sex couples, sought marriage licenses at the Orange

County courthouse.
After being denied, they held a public commitment

ceremony in downtown Orlando to bring attention to the injustice of

marriage inequality.
In 2011, Clinton mobilized the community to lobby

the school board to add ``sexual orientation and gender identity/

expression'' to the nondiscrimination policy and add domestic partner

benefits.
In 2019, Clinton lobbied the board to designate October as

LGBTQ+ Awareness/History Month.
Clinton has received numerous awards for his teaching and advocacy in

education, including Equality Florida's Voice for Equality Award, the

FEA Human and Civil Rights Award, and the ASN Emerging Leader Award.
In

2021, Clinton was recognized by the Orlando Sentinel as one of ``10

people who make Orlando a better place to live.''
He has been

interviewed by CNN, NPR, TIME, The Guardian, The Washington Post,

Rolling Stone, and numerous local news affiliates.