Title: CELEBRATING DETROIT CHINA DAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
157

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DETROIT CHINA DAY

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 8th annual

Chinese American Culture and Arts Festival for Detroit China Day.
This

year also marks the 45th anniversary of the normalization of U.S.-China

relations, a time to recognize the cultural and economic contributions

of Chinese Americans to Michigan.
Detroit China Day, which allows the

community to experience the richness of Chinese culture and to build

stronger ties with members of our community, is worthy of commendation.
Michigan's 6th Congressional District is home to one of the largest

concentrations of Chinese Americans in the Midwest.
In these

challenging times, when our Nation faces divisions that may seem

insurmountable, it is essential to embrace and celebrate our diversity.
This festival is a testament to the power of unity among different

cultures through showcasing Chinese performances, fashion shows, live

paintings, food and tea tastings, and more.
By sharing and educating

our fellow community members on our stories, traditions, and art, we

can bridge divides and cultivate understanding to strengthen the bonds

that connect us all.
This year marks the 45th anniversary of the normalization of U.S.-

China relations and provides a fitting opportunity to reflect on the

contributions of Chinese Americans to our community, state, and Nation.
Their entrepreneurial spirit, innovation, and hard work have been

pivotal in driving economic growth and fostering a thriving business

environment.
Chinese American professionals and entrepreneurs have left

an indelible mark on our economic landscape, demonstrating resilience,

creativity, and leadership.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

8th annual Chinese American Culture and Arts Festival for Detroit China

Day and the 45th anniversary of the normalization of U.S.-China

relations.
For the last eight years, this festival has been monumental

in cultivating a deeper appreciation for

the ways in which Chinese culture has enhanced the American way of

life, celebrating decades of contributions to Michigan's communities

and economy.
I thank Detroit and its community members for their

commitment to hosting the Chinese American Culture and Arts Festival,

and we are excited to see how the festival will continue to educate and

unite the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING SARA DENTON'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
DINA TITUS

Ms. TITUS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the 100th birthday of

Sara Denton, a close friend and trailblazer in Nevada politics.
Sara

Pittard Denton was born on November 12, 1924, in Paducah, Kentucky.
In 1943, during her first year in college at Southern Illinois

University, the U.S. Army Signal Corps, the forerunner to Military

Intelligence, recruited her to work as a ``Code Girl'' in Washington,

D.C. at the height of World War II.
There she met Ralph Denton, a young

U.S. Army lieutenant from Caliente, Nevada, who was attending law

school under the patronage of U.S. Senator Pat McCarran.
They married

in 1949 and after Ralph's graduation, the newlyweds moved to Nevada

where for 75 years Sara volunteered in numerous state and national

political campaigns while also rearing their three children: renown

author Sally, Dr. Scott Denton, and Judge Mark Denton.
Following her participation in U.S. Senator Howard Cannon's

successful 1976 campaign, Sara was hired as his Administrative

Assistant, her first and only paid position in Nevada politics.
In recent decades, Sara has been instrumental in other Nevada

campaigns, including presidential candidates Bill Clinton, Barack

Obama, Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, and Kamala Harris.
In addition to

her political work, Sara has been involved in numerous community and

charitable organizations, including the 1964 founding of Boulder City's

Art in the Park, the largest juried art festival in the Southwest with

proceeds going towards the Boulder City Hospital Foundation.
The State of Nevada has benefitted tremendously from her work.