Cultivating a safe environment for individuals

who seek knowledge, Calistoga's library contributes to the lifelong

passion for learning that so many of us hold dear.
The Calistoga Library has a rich history in our community.
The

library traces its origins back to the 1880s, when the property was

rented for just $3.00 a month.
Thanks to the early 20th century efforts

of the Calistoga Civics Club, which fundraised for a permanent building

to be established for the library, the building we know today as the

Calistoga Library was completed in 1924 for $20,000.
Decades of hard work by library staff have seen the library grow from

the once rented room above the police station with a handful of

paperbacks, to a community center that distributes games, puzzles, and

e-books.
The library's services, such as rentals and publicly

accessible computers, have adapted with the ever-changing technological

advancements of the modern era, displaying the dynamic nature and

dedication of countless employees over the years.
In addition to offering an outstanding variety of materials to the

people of Calistoga, the library has partnered with public and private

agencies to assist in improving lives and the quality of our community.
In collaborating with schools, government agencies, and numerous local

businesses over the years, the library has acted as a forum for events

that the whole town enjoys.
The past 100 years have tested the

resilience of Calistoga: wildfires, social unrest, even pandemics.
With

the help of incredible institutions such as the library, our town has

navigated one crisis after another and remains stronger than ever.
Mr. Speaker, the Calistoga Library has evolved from small beginnings

into a beloved institution deserving of our recognition for its 100

years of service to all whom love to learn.
Over the decades, the

building and organization has become a staple of our town.
Years of

quality service to our community have embedded the library as a core

aspect of the town.
Without it, Calistoga would not be the same.
As

such, it is fitting and proper that it be honored on this terrific

anniversary as we look forward to the next 100 years of meaningful

education and civil service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF SAM HAMRA OF SPRINGFIELD, MISSOURI

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

legacy of Mr. Sam Hamra of Springfield, Missouri.
He was 92 years old

when he recently passed away.
Mr. Hamra was the founder and chairman of Hamra Enterprises, which

owns and operates 156 restaurants and other projects across Missouri

and the United States.
These include locations for Wendy's, Panera

Bread, Noodles & Company, and more.
He opened the first Wendy's in

Springfield in 1976, and the rest is history.
Sam Hamra grew up in Steele, Missouri, as the son of Lebanese

immigrants.
He graduated from the University of Missouri with business

and law degrees.
He served as an officer in the U.S. Army, where he was

appointed as U.S. Civilian Aide to the Secretary of the Army for

Western Missouri.
He later served as the attorney for the city of Nixa,

Missouri, where he helped build the city's electric distribution

system.
He also advocated for funding to expand transportation arteries

connecting Branson to Springfield, as well as expanding a major

thoroughfare in the city of Springfield.
Mr. Hamra was active in his community.
He was a founding member of

OakStar Bank, charter president of the Rotary Club of Springfield

Southeast, and a member of the foundation board for Ozarks Technical

Community College, which also houses the Sam and June Hamra Family

Library.
The Sam F. Hamra Center for Justice also was named for his

work organizing and serving as the first board chairman of Legal

Services of Southern Missouri, which serves 43 southern Missouri

counties.