After the tragic loss of her

children's father, she raised her two children with remarkable strength

and determination.
In addition to her family responsibilities, Ms. Akoro has achieved

significant academic milestones, earning degrees in chemistry and

forensic chemistry, and she will soon complete her doctorate in public

health.
She has worked as a laboratory scientist and caregiver and has

interned with the International Federation of Red Cross and Red

Crescent, focusing on climate change as a public health environmental

specialist.
Driven by her passion for helping others, Ms. Akoro co-founded

TishZeeLCC, a home care agency dedicated to ensuring individuals can

live healthy lives.
As a member of Rivertown Community Church in

Antioch, her faith and values guide her purpose.
Ms. Akoro's commitment

to making a meaningful difference is truly an inspiration to our

community.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional

District, I am proud to recognize Barbara Akoro for her invaluable

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WOMEN OF THE YEAR, RUTHIE ABELSON OLIVAS

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ruthie Abelson

Olivas as one of California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the

Year.
Ms. Olivas has made an indelible mark on West Contra Costa County

through her tireless volunteer work and leadership in multiple

organizations.
As a board member of the Greater Richmond Interfaith

Program, she addresses the needs of our most vulnerable populations.
As Vice Treasurer and Violet Richardson Scholarship Chair for the

Soroptimist of El Cerrito, she skillfully manages financial

responsibilities while championing educational opportunities for young

women.
Ms. Olivas' dedication extends to her service as Secretary of

the West County Forum and as a board member for the Bay Area Girls Club

and the California Association of Realtors.
At the Contra Costa

Association of Realtors, she serves as a Trustee for the Scholarship

Foundation, where she has significantly increased both the number of

applications and the diversity of recipients.
As Vice Chair of the Local Government Relations Committee, she

advocates for policies that best support our community's needs.
Beyond

these roles, Ms. Olivas is an active participant in various local

committees, including the Richmond Rotary and the Galileo Club of

Richmond, where she spearheads fundraising initiatives to support local

projects.
Her efforts resonate deeply throughout our community,

inspiring many to get involved and make a difference.
On behalf of the

people of California's 8th Congressional District, I am proud to honor

Ruthie Abelson Olivas for her remarkable contributions to our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING HAWAII REPRESENTATIVE SCOTT SAIKI FOR RECEIVING THE

ACHIEVEMENT IN ADVOCACY AWARD FROM THE HEALTHCARE ASSOCIATION OF HAWAII

HON.
JILL N. TOKUDA

Ms. TOKUDA.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to recognize

Speaker Scott Saiki of the Hawaii State House of Representatives, a

distinguished legislator and this year's recipient of the Achievement

in Advocacy award from the Healthcare Association of Hawaii.
Throughout his 20 years in the Hawaii State Legislature, Speaker

Saiki has championed access to care, especially for the underserved and

most vulnerable in Hawaii.
His commitment to care included support for

innovative ideas to grow our healthcare workforce, training local

talent for critical positions.
Never one to shy away from difficult

issues, he also led efforts to give our families the power to make some

of the most personal decisions in their lifetimes.
As Speaker of the Hawaii House of Representatives, he also helped

lead Hawaii through a global pandemic.
His work was instrumental in

protecting residents by setting up vaccination sites, testing, and

metrics for the eventual reopening of our State.
His leadership,

including in spearheading the House Select Committee on COVID-19

Economic and Financial Preparedness, ensured our State could

successfully make it through a worldwide public health emergency.