As Speaker of the Hawaii House of Representatives, he also helped

lead Hawaii through a global pandemic.
His work was instrumental in

protecting residents by setting up vaccination sites, testing, and

metrics for the eventual reopening of our State.
His leadership,

including in spearheading the House Select Committee on COVID-19

Economic and Financial Preparedness, ensured our State could

successfully make it through a worldwide public health emergency.
Speaker Saiki's unflagging dedication and commitment to others is an

inspiration to many, and I am pleased to join the Healthcare

Association of Hawaii in celebrating his many accomplishments.
Congratulations and mahalo to Speaker Saiki for all his contributions

to the people and the State of Hawaii.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JULY 2024 CONSTITUENT OF THE MONTH

HON.
MIKE LEVIN

Mr. LEVIN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to recognize public

servant and owner of local restaurant Captain Keno's, Gerry Sova from

Encinitas, as my Constituent of the Month for July 2024.
Mr. Sova is a generous local leader who has dedicated his life to

making his fellow community members feel accepted.
For the past 54

years, Gerry has worked to ensure that Captain Keno's could accommodate

anyone who wanted a safe space to eat, drink, and simply feel welcome.
Over the years, Mr. Sova has fed thousands of local firefighters,

nonprofit groups, and customers during special holiday meals--

regardless of whether they could afford to pay or not.
With Captain Keno's set to permanently close at the end of August, it

is my honor to recognize Gerry for his selfless dedication to giving

back to others.
He is an inspiring member of our community whose work

and commitment over the past five decades is truly admirable, and I'm

proud to honor Gerry Sova as my July 2024 Constituent of the Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LEONA AVE MIDDLE SCHOOL IN SHADYSIDE, OHIO, AS A 2024 BLUE

RIBBON SCHOOL

HON.
MICHAEL A. RULLI

Mr. RULLI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the success of

Leona Ave Middle School in Shadyside, Ohio, as they were recognized as

a National Blue Ribbon School for 2024.
I thank the Shadyside Local

School District and their determined, compassionate, and caring staff

for guiding students to success.
I am proud to be able to honor Leona Ave Middle School for their

exceptional work as upstanding academic leaders in the community.
The teachers and faculty not only strive for students to achieve

their academic goals but are also invested in the well-being of each

student.
The educators of this district devote excessive amounts of

their time and energy to the success of their learners because they

understand the great impact it will have on the students' lives and the

advancement of their region.
I want to acknowledge and thank the Shadyside Local School District's

gifted teachers and staff for their dedication to the prosperity of

Ohio's youth.
I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to

join me in recognizing these honorable leaders, pillars of Leona Ave

Middle School in Shadyside, Ohio, as we congratulate them on their

accomplishments and their contributions to the community.
These

admirable citizens illustrate the preeminent standard of the Ohio

educators I am proud to represent.
May their work continue to be a

blessing to our industrious Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NOVEMBER 2023 CONSTITUENT OF THE MONTH

HON.
MIKE LEVIN

Mr. LEVIN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to recognize veteran and

Oceanside resident Dr. Jack Morgan as my November 2023 Constituent of

the Month.