Clinton has received numerous awards for his teaching and advocacy in

education, including Equality Florida's Voice for Equality Award, the

FEA Human and Civil Rights Award, and the ASN Emerging Leader Award.
In

2021, Clinton was recognized by the Orlando Sentinel as one of ``10

people who make Orlando a better place to live.''
He has been

interviewed by CNN, NPR, TIME, The Guardian, The Washington Post,

Rolling Stone, and numerous local news affiliates.
Clinton serves on

the AFT Teachers Program and Policy Council, AFT LGBTQ+ Task Force, FEA

Government Relations Committee, and Human and Civil Rights Committee.
Clinton graduated from Truman State in 1996 with a BFA in art.
He

began teaching art in 2001 for OCPS and received an MA in art education

from the University of Central Florida.
During his free time, Clinton

loves drawing with oil pastels and spending time with his best friend

and husband, Mike.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DARCEL STEVENS AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR PRIDE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Darcel Stevens is an individual with a diverse

range of accomplishments and experiences.
Not only is he a graduate of

the esteemed University of Florida and a proud U.S. Army veteran, but

he/she is also a talented comedian, a dedicated political-social

activist, and the recent organizer of the impactful ``THE DRAG QUEEN'S

MARCH 2023,'' a statewide mobilization of over 540 drag queens and

their allies from across Florida to the state's Capitol, protesting

against discriminatory anti-drag queen legislation, FLSB-1438.
Recognized for outstanding contributions to the community, Darcel has

received numerous prestigious certificates and community service

awards, including the Orlando Come Out With Pride Award, the Chuck

Hummer Award, the Orlando Social Justice Award, Watermark Orlando's

Most Outstanding People Honors, the 2023 Naples Pride Award, and the

2023 Rainbow Awards for Outstanding Community Service.
In the competitive realm of drag, Darcel has proven herself.
She has

emerged victorious in several regional, state, and national

competitions, including the titles of Miss National at Large, Miss

Continental Plus, and Miss FL Universo Latina.
She is also the reigning

Miss FL Babalu International 2024.
Professionally, Darcel excels as Harmony Healthcare's marketing-

outreach coordinator, with a passion for providing valuable health

services to marginalized communities.
Darcel showcases his exceptional

skills utilizing diverse marketing strategies while building valuable

community partnerships.
However, it is during the weekends that her unique talents shine

through as she takes the

stage across the nation and Florida, captivating audiences with

mesmerizing performances and quick-witted improvisational repertoire.
Beyond the glitz and glamour, Darcel Stevens is a remarkable

individual with a heart of gold known for her brassy and complicated

persona, but behind the scenes, a true gem.
Always ready to lend a

helping hand to those in need, generously giving time and resources to

support numerous charitable causes.
Her unique combination of humor,

complexity, and unwavering kindness leaves a lasting impression on all

who cross his or her fabulous path.
``Let us be vigilant but not

afraid!''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CALISTOGA LIBRARY

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

Calistoga Library, as it celebrates its 100th year in service to the

Calistoga community.
The Calistoga Library has consistently provided our community with

education and entertainment catered to all ages, but most important for

our youth.
The library's role of informing children in fun and

innovative ways has continually inspired a love for learning from one

generation to the next.
Cultivating a safe environment for individuals

who seek knowledge, Calistoga's library contributes to the lifelong

passion for learning that so many of us hold dear.
The Calistoga Library has a rich history in our community.
The

library traces its origins back to the 1880s, when the property was

rented for just $3.00 a month.