Mr. Hamra was active in his community.
He was a founding member of

OakStar Bank, charter president of the Rotary Club of Springfield

Southeast, and a member of the foundation board for Ozarks Technical

Community College, which also houses the Sam and June Hamra Family

Library.
The Sam F. Hamra Center for Justice also was named for his

work organizing and serving as the first board chairman of Legal

Services of Southern Missouri, which serves 43 southern Missouri

counties.
He and his wife, June, also donated the funds to purchase the

land for the Kitchen Homeless Family Shelter on the O'Reilly Campus.
Sam Hamra was a community builder who made an impact on so many

aspects of Springfield.
He will be greatly missed, but his legacy will

live on.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE NAPA COUNTY HISPANIC NETWORK

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Napa

County Hispanic Network for the occasion of their 40th anniversary.
As the oldest Latino nonprofit organization in Napa County, the Napa

County Hispanic Network seeks to develop the Napa County Latino

community through political and economic empowerment, pursuit of

education, and social advocacy.
The network was established in 1983 by

a group of local professionals seeing a gap in access to services for

the Spanish-speaking community.
In addition to emphasizing

collaboration, voluntary civil service, and the value of cultural

heritage for Latino communities, the network raises critical funds for

Napa County students in their pursuit of higher education.
With a mission of closing the opportunity gap for Napa County's

Latino students financial needs, the Napa County Hispanic Network has

worked tirelessly to increase access to financial support and

scholarship services for graduating high school students in our

district.
Since its founding, the network has distributed over $500,000

of academic scholarships to more than 700 Napa County students, with

the organization increasing their annual impact each year.
Higher education in the United States has always been heralded as the

road to career success and fulfillment for our children.
By providing

students from our county with scholarship funds that empower that

pathway, the network has performed an incredible service to our

community.
In 2024, the Napa County Hispanic Network awarded $41,000 in the form

of $1,000 to $2,500 scholarships through seven different programs, the

largest contributions for a single year to date.
As college costs have

risen over the years, the network has increased its level of support to

help parents navigate the growing financial challenges of sending their

children to college and university.
The impact of assisting children's

journeys through education will benefit students and their families for

generations to come.
Mr. Speaker, through academic scholarships and community

contributions, the Napa County Hispanic Network has spent an impactful

40 years striving to cultivate the next generation of Latino community

leaders in Napa County.
This invaluable mission is central to the

health and preservation of our community, as well as the prosperity of

our children.
For the terrific work the network has done, we honor them

here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WOMEN OF THE YEAR, BARBARA AKORO

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Barbara Akoro as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Ms. Akoro leads her

life with resilience and compassion.
After the tragic loss of her

children's father, she raised her two children with remarkable strength

and determination.
In addition to her family responsibilities, Ms. Akoro has achieved

significant academic milestones, earning degrees in chemistry and

forensic chemistry, and she will soon complete her doctorate in public

health.
She has worked as a laboratory scientist and caregiver and has

interned with the International Federation of Red Cross and Red

Crescent, focusing on climate change as a public health environmental

specialist.