Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Patricia Ann ``Patty'' Simonian, who passed away at age 80 on March 11, 2023.
Patty was mother, friend, and member of the St. George Greek Orthodox Church.
Patty was a godmother to me.
She was known for the many contributions she made in the community throughout her life.
Patty was born on May 4, 1942, to John and Mary Costa in Merced, California.
She went to Central Union High School and met the love of her life, Pete Simonian.
Ten years later, they married on August 26, 1961.
they started a farm of vegetables.
their children Talbert, Nanette, and Peter J. would help on the farm planting prunes that they grew organically until 2011 when Patty decided to sell the farm to family members.
During her life, Patty was very involved in the community and with her family.
She was a FFA Mom, CUHS Band Mom, president of the POMS for 2 years, 4H leader in different capacities, Fresno County President for 7 years, and more.
She was an active member for her church, St. George Greek Orthodox Church.
Patty and Pete decided to renew their vows on their 40th Anniversary at the church.
Patty enjoyed being with her husband, and they both participated in the Cabrillo Civic Clubs.
Patty would participate in different groups for her children.
She joined the Blue Star Moms because of her son, Peter's service in the United States Navy, and would support her daughter Nanette with the Central Valley CWA.
Her love for family was evident.
Patty enjoyed being around her grandchildren and never denied babysitting them.
The time she spent with family and friends was something to cherish every chance she had.
During her time at Paintbrush Assisted Living and Memory Care, her joy radiated as the greeter, and she spent her time in the community garden.
Patty was precise on the crops she planted and would make sure to inform the residents it was time to pick them.
Patty was preceded in death by her parents, John and Mary Costa, and her husband, Pete Simonian.
Patty is survived by her son Talbert, her daughter Nanette, her son Peter J. and wife Toni, grandchildren:
Matthew, Kylie, Jerad, Kassidy, and Caydin.
She is survived by her brother Kenneth Costa and brotherin-law Scott, sister Johnell Costa Wilt, and brother-in-law Dennis.
Patty is also survived by neighboring cousins Bette O'Sullivan and Jim Costa, along with her nieces, nephews, and many cousins.