Mr. NORMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the River Hills and Lake Wylie Lions Club for its continued record of service to the 5th District of South Carolina, and to congratulate the club for their celebration of their 50th anniversary.
The River Hills and Lake Wylie Lions Club was chartered in 1975 and since its inception, has been a force in the Lake Wylie and Clover communities as the largest and most effective Lions Club in the state.
The club's 142 members have raised over $200,000 annually.
Each year, the entire amount raised goes directly to support over 20 charities and services.
The Lions Club has created several of their own projects and organizations that focus on supporting and serving South Carolina.
The River Hills, Lake Wylie Community Foundation was established by the Lions to receive funds and distribute the proceeds to charities in tandem with the organization's goals and with the needs of the community.
The foundation's motto is ``For Good.
For Others.
For Ever'' and that sentiment can be felt in the impact of this program throughout South Carolina.
The Lions Club also created a partnership with Clover Schools that led to the establishment of Roaring Readers, which provides books for elementary school classrooms, helped start the Roaring Eagle Newspaper, and donates annual scholarships for Clover High School seniors.
In addition, the club supports the youth throughout York County and Clover through Kidsight, an eyesight program that screens over 13,000 annually and helps pay for new glasses, eye surgeries, and hearing aids as needed.
The motto of the Lions Club is ``we serve.''
The River Hills and Lake Wylie chapter carries out this mission daily and their impact can be seen and felt throughout our great state.
Each of the people that make up this great organization lead with honor, joy, and compassion.
They are the people who help make our Nation the greatest in the world.
The Lions Club members willingly give up their time, tithe, and talent and live out the South Carolina motto, ``While I Breathe, I Hope.''
Please join me in expressing my heartfelt gratitude for all of their great work and celebrating 50 years of exemplary service.