Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ernest Wade Ballou on his retirement as House Legislative Counsel, after over forty years of service to the House.
Wade joined the Office of Legislative Counsel after earning his J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1983.
Throughout his tenure Wade has provided nonpartisan, expert support to members of Congress, committees, and staff on matters related to foreign affairs, Native American issues, federal land, intelligence, veterans' affairs, federal tax law, public debt, health care, Social Security, and more.
I am pleased to have worked with Wade in his capacity supporting the Committee on House Administration.
Since 2016, Wade has served as the House Legislative Counsel, leading the office and managing a committed team of legislative experts to provide the House with impartial and confidential drafting and counseling services for bills, amendments, resolutions, and laws.
Wade has also been a key partner on the Congressional Data Task Force, a group united in their efforts to modernize and improve data accessibility for the public.
He played a critical role in developing the Comparative Print Suite tool for Members and staff and has worked closely with the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress, as well as the Subcommittee on Modernization, to implement innovative ideas and recommendations that will help Congress work better for the American people.
Wade's many accomplishments were recently recognized by the Congressional Management Foundation's Democracy Award for Lifetime Achievement.
Finally, I would be remiss if I didn't mention that before going to law school and joining the Office of Legislative Counsel, Wade was a fire fighter, an experience that likely prepared him well for a career in the House.
Wade began his career serving under the fourth House Legislative Counsel and now he leaves as the eighth House Legislative Counsel.
His expertise and dedication to helping us turn our policy ideas into concise legislative text will be sorely missed.
On behalf of my colleagues and the entire House community, I thank him for his leadership and longstanding commitment to serving the People's House.