people and places they serve.
They are the foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others up, inspire hope, and in doing so, call us all to higher standards of service and compassion.
Bill has embodied this spirit in ways that words can scarcely capture.
Bill's journey has been one full of challenges: Bill has tuberous sclerosis, a disease that causes tumors to form all over the body, reduced his one working kidney to functioning at 15 percent, causes seizures due to the tumors on his brain, high blood pressure from the ones growing in his kidneys, and on top of that chemotherapy treatment has caused him to be immunosuppressed.
Yet, despite these hardships, Bill is the embodiment of joy, compassion, optimism, and resilience.
Since the age of six, Bill has competed in the Special Olympics and worked tirelessly to raise awareness about the impact of the games while serving as a beacon of inspiration for those facing similar challenges.
Remarkably Bill gives away his hard-earned medals to other athletes, advocates, and community members to inspire them, motivate them, and bring joy to them when they need it most.
Bill's efforts earned him the prestigious Sheetz Family Award of Excellence for his resilience and dedication--an honor bestowed upon the Special Olympics athlete whose determination and efforts demonstrate the power of the human spirit to overcome obstacles and inspire greatness.
Bill is a testament to the impact of positivity and a reminder that even in the face of immense challenges, we have the power to rise, inspire, and make a difference.
Today, we honor Bill Ridler not just for his remarkable deeds but for who he is--a true hero in every sense On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my deepest gratitude to Bill Ridler for his extraordinary service.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional individual, whose leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to come.
May his example remind us of the boundless potential within each of us to make our communities, country, and world a better place.