Mr. GOTTHEIMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution expressing the sense of Congress Supporting the State of Israel.
As the only vibrant, progressive, and inclusive democracy in the Middle East, Israel is a beacon of hope--a country where pluralism flourishes.
Efforts to delegitimize the Jewish State and claims that the country has abandoned the democratic principles on which it was founded are unfair and false.
In Israel, Arab parties serve in the Knesset, women serve at the highest levels of the military, and the country remains an oasis for LGBTQ+ people in a region hostile toward the community.
The U.S.-Israel alliance is strong for a reason.
Our nations were founded on these shared values, and those ideals keep our partnership ironclad to this day.
Israeli security is critical to America's national security.
Our bilateral defense and intelligence cooperation makes our two countries safer and plays a key role in the global fight against terror, I am proud to champion this relationship in Congress.
We have no better partner in the region than the State of Israel and I will remain committed to ensuring that Israel has the resources it needs to defend itself.
I have traveled to Israel twice this year alone, alongside Democrats and Republicans, and have many times visited the country to meet with senior level officials and civil society leaders.
Each time I am reminded of the resolve and passion of the Israeli people.
I am also reminded of the importance of the Jewish State.
The United States was the first country to recognize Israel's independence 75 years ago, just eleven minutes after its founding.
It has since become the ``Start Up Nation'', a leader in high-tech, sustainability, and innovation.
The United States has stood with Israel every step of the way.
Over the last 75 years, bipartisan support for the U.S.-Israel relationship has proven vital to protecting our national security, fighting terror, and intelligence collaboration.
I look forward to celebrating Israel's next 75 years, and furthering the vital U.S.-Israel relationship.