Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor a Livingston County, Michigan, family that has quietly, and without fanfare, devoted themselves over the past decade to the service of their community, their Nation, and veterans in need.
Kathy and Steve Vasiloff of Green Oak Township have long enjoyed throwing parties in their lakeside home, making their backyard a popular gathering place for friends, family, and neighbors.
But when their son David joined the United States Marine Corps in 2007, those parties took on a different tone: sending him off and welcoming him home from training, and then from multiple deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan.
Hit twice by improvised explosive devices during his tours of duty, David came home in 2011 a changed man, and as a result, his family changed direction as well.
Seeking to honor their son's service, and the stories he told of his brothers and sisters in arms, many of whom did not come home, the Vasiloff family decided to combine their love of throwing parties with a purpose.
Ten years ago they opened up their home for a summer soiree, this time asking for donations for wounded veterans, and raised an impressive $3,000 in one evening.
The next summer, the party grew, and so did the funds raised.
And so a tradition was born, one that has blossomed into an annual extravaganza featuring live music, raffles, gift baskets, hundreds of attendees, and tens of thousands of dollars in donations for the Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund, a Michigan non-profit supporting injured servicemen and the families of heroes in our state.
In fact, over the decade the Vasiloff family has been holding these fundraisers, they've become the largest private donors to the organization, with total donations closing in on $200,000.
Planning and holding a fundraiser of this magnitude is a huge team effort, and a major undertaking for the Vasiloffs.
As such, the Vasiloff family has decided that 2023 will be their final event.
But it certainly won't be the end of their service.
David, the proud Marine who helped inspire the fundraisers, continues to inspire, serve, and protect his hometown community of Green Oak Township, where he is now a police officer.
And Kathy and Steve will never stop supporting the brave men and women like their son who come home with visible and invisible scars of war, as well as the service families whose lives are forever shattered by loss.
Service to one's country takes many forms, and that includes contributing to our collective goal of moving toward a more perfect union.
Mr. Speaker, the Vasiloff family has never sought praise or publicity for their efforts, instead directing all attention to the cause so close to their hearts.
But as they prepare for their tenth and final summer event, I thank them for their faithful service.