Mr. WILLIAMS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Morse Manufacturing Company, Inc. as it celebrates its 100th Anniversary this year.
Morse Manufacturing was incorporated on August 15, 1923.
It was first located at 402 S. Franklin Street in the City of Syracuse, New York, and then quickly relocated to Dickerson Street.
Ralph Andrews joined Morse Manufacturing in 1943, developed a product to safely handle drums, and purchased the company from the founder in 1948.
In 1953 the company was moved to East Syracuse.
Robert Andrews, son of Ralph Andrews, joined Morse Manufacturing in 1969.
Robert continued to grow and enhance a product offering to safely handle drums that was initiated by his father, and also expanded the building several times at the East Syracuse location.
Nathan Andrews, grandson of Ralph Andrews, joined Morse Manufacturing in 2002 and continued the family tradition of commitment and dedication through developing new international distribution and modernizing the operations at a new facility in the Town of Salina in 2019.
Today, Morse Manufacturing offers the most extensive line of highquality drum handling equipment anywhere in the world and markets its products through an elite worldwide dealer network.
The longstanding success of Morse Manufacturing is largely because of the quality of its employees.
It has provided hundreds of employees and their families with careers and job security over its history.
Morse Manufacturing and its employees have continued to give back to the Central New York Community through volunteer work and contributions.
Morse Manufacturing takes pride in sourcing as much as possible from local suppliers with long established relationships.
This makes Morse Manufacturing a net revenue generator for the Central New York Economy, bringing revenues from products sold around the country and world to spend locally through wages, taxes, and local suppliers.
On behalf of New York's 22nd Congressional District, I would like to congratulate Morse Manufacturing on the occasion of its 100th Anniversary.
I wish them continued success for many years to come.