She was a fierce environmentalist and a

serial breaker of glass ceilings.
Ellen was a person of consequence

with a genuinely meaningful public service career.
Our communities will

deeply miss her presence.
We send our deepest condolences to her son

Ryan, as well as her other surviving family, friends, and former staff

who were lucky to have her as their boss and mentor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SGT.
GORDON F. LEE

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr Speaker, two weeks ago I learned with great sadness

about the passing of Sgt.
Gordon F. Lee, a retired officer with the

Easton Police Department who passed away on Monday, August 19, 2024, at

the age of 46.
During his time at the Easton Police Department, Sgt.
Lee served with the K-9 unit, trained new officers and recruits as

instructor and was a member of the department's SWAT Critical Response

Unit.
Before that, he honorably served with the U S. Marine Corps.
Sgt.
Lee retired from active duty with the Easton Police Department in

February of 2024.
Sgt.
Lee dedicated his life to helping others, putting his own life

on the line to protect and serve the community he so much loved.
His

determination and hard work made him an outstanding leader, an

excellent teacher and invaluable friend and mentor to so many in the

Maryland police community and beyond.
I would like to express my sincere condolences to the Lee family and

the entire Easton Police Department.
The Eastern Shore is forever

grateful for Sgt.
Lee's commitment and dedication.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE PACIFIC DEFENSE SMALL BUSINESS INCENTIVE ACT OF

2024

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Pacific Defense Small

Business Incentive Act of 2024, which would allow small businesses in

the Pacific Insular Areas to become more active participants in the

defense industrial base.
Specifically, my legislation would authorize

an incentive payment equal to five percent of a Department of Defense

contract to prime contractors who subcontract to a small business

concern in the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, or American Samoa.
Providing access to defense contracts is critical, especially as the

United States continues to execute its Indo-Pacific strategy, promoting

a free-and-open region and defending Pacific Island interests.
Empowering our small businesses located at the forefront of the Indo-

Pacific will not only streamline defense projects and initiatives but

will also spur local economic growth in our U.S. Pacific Insular Areas.
My bill, the Pacific Defense Small Business Incentive Act, seeks to

bridge the gap between Pacific-based entrepreneurs and prime

contractors throughout the United States by incentivizing strategic

partnerships.
Continued defense buildup in areas like the Marianas

further necessitates the need for local business participation.
This

bipartisan legislation provides an impetus for contracting like the

Indian Incentive Program authorized by Congress in 1988, which has been

considerably impactful for Native American and Native Hawaiian small

business concerns.
The DOD Office of Small Business Programs under the Biden

Administration has emphasized that America's small businesses are

``essential to U.S. national security'' and the ``heartbeat of the U.S.

economy''.
I could not agree more but add that Pacific small businesses

are indeed America's small businesses.
The gentlelady from American Samoa, Ms. Radewagen, is an original

cosponsor of the bill.
I urge all my colleagues to consider this

crucial legislation and the elevation of Pacific small businesses in

defense contracting.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF JAMES D. ANDERSON, JR.
HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a special man, James D.

Anderson, Jr. Mr. Anderson passed away on May 21, 2024.
He served the

people of Powell County as Judge-Executive.
Mr. Anderson was born on June 4, 1975, in Winchester, KY.