He leaves behind his father Arthur O. Eve, Sr.,
beloved

wife Kim, nine children of Arthur III, Shiana Denise, LaNeesha, Eric

James, Louis, Ashley, Melzetta, Bobby, and David Paul, and eight

grandchildren Caiden, Rylee, Cailee, Kendall, Ari, Lucian, Maliha, and

Lux, shared through their blended family, siblings Leecia, Eric,

Malcolm, and Martin, and many aunts, uncles, and cousins.
As we remember Arthur O. Eve, Jr. we grieve the loss of a beloved

friend, celebrate a life well lived, and find solace in knowing that

his legacy of service lives on.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BARRY BROWN

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of

Barry Brown, who sadly passed away this August at 69 years old.
Barry was a Savannah native through-and-through.
After graduating

from Savannah High School, he dedicated over 20 years to serving the

Savannah and Tybee Island communities.
From serving on the Planning Commission, the City Council, and as

Mayor Pro Tem, Barry's natural-born leadership set a valuable example

for everyone around him.
Mr. Brown also faithfully served over 25 years on the Marine Rescue

Squadron and belonged to both the American Legion Post 154 and the

Tybee Island Republican Club.
Mr Brown is survived by his wife Sunni, his son Brandon, and his four

grandchildren.
We deeply honor and thank Mr. Brown for his service to

the Savannah and Tybee Island communities over the years.
I send my most sincere condolences to the Brown family.
They, along

with Barry's friends and all those who were blessed to know him, are in

my thoughts and prayers today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ELLEN CORBETT

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleagues,

Congresswoman Barbara Lee and Congressman Mark DeSaulnier, to recognize

former California State Senate Majority Leader, San Leandro Mayor, and

East Bay Regional Parks Director, Ellen Corbett, on the occasion of her

passing on Friday, August 9, 2024, at the age of 69.
Born in Oakland in 1954, Ellen was raised in San Leandro.
She

attended Chabot College, California State University, Hayward, and the

University of California, Davis, earning a bachelor's degree in

political science before earning her law degree from the University of

the Pacific's McGeorge School of Law.
Ellen began her career as an attorney, community college professor,

and civic activist before seeking public office in 1990 on the San

Leandro City Council.
Four years later, in 1994, she became San

Leandro's first-ever directly elected female mayor.
In 1998, Ellen was elected to the State Assembly, representing

California's 19th district in the chamber until her term expired in

2004.
In 2006, she began her time at the California State Senate,

representing District 10 until 2014.
Ellen continued to blaze trails in

the Senate as only the second woman ever to serve as the California

Senate majority leader for 4 years.
Under her tenure, Majority Leader Corbett authored over 160 bills

that were signed into law tackling issues faced by everyday

Californians.
Those issues included infrastructure for public schools,

expanding EV charging, child safety, marriage equality, and the

California Homeowner Bill of Rights.
Continuing her career in public service, Ellen was elected to the

East Bay Regional Parks District Board of Directors, representing Ward

4 until her passing.
In this position, she was a fierce advocate for

accessible open space.
Serving as President of the Board, the Parks

were in her capable hands during the first year of the pandemic.
Throughout her life and career, Ellen was a tireless advocate for the

communities she represented.
She was a fierce environmentalist and a

serial breaker of glass ceilings.
Ellen was a person of consequence

with a genuinely meaningful public service career.
Our communities will

deeply miss her presence.