The coaching journey did not end there.
His hard work caught the

attention of Virginia universities and their football programs.
Coach

Newsome landed a coaching opportunity at James Madison University in

1999.
In 2004, he helped JMU reach the FCS National Championship game,

where they would defeat Montana 31-21.
This victory became JMU's first

NCAA Division I-AA championship.
From 2006 to 2012, Coach Newsome worked for Virginia Tech football as

an offensive line coach under Hall of Fame coach Frank Beamer before

returning to JMU.
In 2014, Coach Newsome became head football coach for his alma mater,

Emory & Henry.
In his first season, Coach Newsome was named Old

Dominion Athletic Conference Coach of the Year as he compiled an 8-2

record for the Wasps that season.
Coach Newsome compiled six winning seasons during his Emory & Henry

tenure as head coach and oversaw the team's transition from NCAA

Division III to NCAA Division II.
His lifelong commitment to Virginia football and the players he

coached is well documented, serving various coaching roles at the high

school and collegiate levels.
I wish my fraternity brother in Beta Lambda Zeta, Coach Newsome, well

in his retirement.
I thank him and Southwest Virginia thanks him for

his contributions to the game of football in our region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ARTHUR O. EVE, JR.
HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solemn remembrance of

Arthur O. Eve, Jr., a remarkable individual, affectionately known to

the people of Buffalo, New York, and beyond as ``Champ.''
As the beloved son of New York State Assembly Deputy Speaker Arthur

O. Eve and an educator, Lee Constance Eve, life lessons in civic

responsibility, faith, and a strong work ethic were taught early by his

family.
A standout football player who earned all-Catholic honors during his

time at Canisius High School and shined on the field at the University

of Texas at El Paso, Champ turned his athletic talent, natural

leadership, and teambuilding skills into an opportunity to inspire and

mentor countless young people through coaching at Calvary Baptist

Church, Hutch Tech High School, and Buffalo State University.
In his professional positions within a juvenile detention center and

Educational Opportunity Center, Champ dedicated himself to empowering

those in need.
At Buffalo's Municipal Housing Authority, Champ

transformed the agency and set a national standard for compliance and

inclusion, which led to the BMHA being recognized as a ``high

performer' by the United States Department of Housing and Urban

Development.
Champ was a leader and respected voice on issues impacting Buffalo's

Black community, serving as President of the Black Student Union during

his time at the University at Buffalo, and was the founder and

President of the Unity Coalition, widely recognized as one of the

strongest organizing units in the State of New York.
As Deputy Commissioner of the Erie County Board of Elections and Vice

Chair of the Erie County Democratic Committee, Champ supported

democracy through his work, impressing upon others the power of a vote

to express one's values and shape our future.
A man of great faith and

devotion, Champ was an active member of Elim Christian Fellowship under

the leadership of Bishop T. Anthony Bronner.
Transcending his passion for the community was his love and devotion

to his family.
He leaves behind his father Arthur O. Eve, Sr.,
beloved

wife Kim, nine children of Arthur III, Shiana Denise, LaNeesha, Eric

James, Louis, Ashley, Melzetta, Bobby, and David Paul, and eight

grandchildren Caiden, Rylee, Cailee, Kendall, Ari, Lucian, Maliha, and

Lux, shared through their blended family, siblings Leecia, Eric,

Malcolm, and Martin, and many aunts, uncles, and cousins.
As we remember Arthur O. Eve, Jr. we grieve the loss of a beloved

friend, celebrate a life well lived, and find solace in knowing that

his legacy of service lives on.