The Pierce-Arrow Museum is also home to the 1927 Buffalo Filling

Station, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
The station, which was

intended to be developed in Buffalo but never came to fruition, was

built as an extension to the museum in 2024.
Throughout his career, Mr. Sandoro has been honored by numerous

national publications for his work in car collecting.
He has been named

in USA Today and the New York Times, as well as car collector

publications including Old Cars Weekly and Automobile Quarterly.
Additionally, Mr. Sandoro has appeared on numerous radio, television,

and cable shows, and has served as an auto historian consultant on

major feature films, including ``Once Upon a Time in America'' with

Robert De Niro.
He is also a published author, with his book ``Actual

Cash Value-Value Guide to Older Cars'' being used nationally by car

enthusiasts, insurance companies, and many others.
Today, please join me in honoring Mr. James T. Sandoro as he

celebrates his 80th birthday and thanking him for being a champion of

Buffalo's rich automotive history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MICHAEL A. BURGET'S RETIREMENT

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Michael A.

Burget, who is entering a well-deserved retirement after three decades

of exemplary service in the New York State healthcare system.
With his

deep passion for public service, Mr. Burget has made an indelible

impact on the lives of countless individuals in Western New York.
Born and raised in Buffalo, Mr. Burget graduated from St. Mary's High

School and earned his nursing degree from Erie County Community

College.
He later earned his Bachelor of Science degree in Healthcare

Administration from the State University of New York at Brockport.
In 1987, Mr. Burget began his military career as he enlisted in the

United States Naval Reserves.
For six years, he served as a hospital

corpsman and a fleet corporal.
Mr. Burget then joined the United States

Air Force Reserve, serving with distinction for 29 years and rising to

the rank of Lieutenant Colonel.
During his 35 years of military service, Mr. Burget has been a

tireless advocate for ensuring active military and veterans have access

to essential mental health resources.
He established the first-ever

mental health unit at the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station, a mental

health awareness training program for service members returning from

deployment.
At the station, Mr. Burget lead annual resilience trainings

to over 1,100 reservists.
Further, during his deployment in Landstuhl,

Germany, Mr. Burget provided vital counseling services to injured

soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan.
Mr. Burget's outstanding service has earned him numerous military

honors.
He has been awarded with the Meritorious Service Medal, Air and

Space Commendation Medal, Air and Space Outstanding Unit Award,

National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal,

Air and Space Longevity Service Award, Armed Forces Reserve Medal,

Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon (Pistol), and Air and Space

Training Ribbon.
In addition to his military service, Mr. Burget has dedicated 31

years to the New York State healthcare system, demonstrating his

commitment to providing exceptional patient care.
He began his career

at Rochester Psychiatric Service in 1993, where he served as a

registered nurse and Admissions/Discharge Coordinator.
Mr. Burget later

took on roles as the Interim Chief of Service, Treatment Team Leader,

and acting Chief of Adult Services, ensuring patients received the

highest standard of care.
He then served as the Clinical Manager for

Behavioral Health at Erie County Medical Center, where Mr. Burget was

instrumental in overseeing critical mental health services.
In 2016, Mr. Burget joined Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center

as the Director of Network Practice Administration.
In this role, Mr.

Burget managed a vast network of healthcare providers, expanding

Roswell Park's cancer care services to rural and low income communities

across Western New York and the greater region.