Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a special man, James D.

Anderson, Jr. Mr. Anderson passed away on May 21, 2024.
He served the

people of Powell County as Judge-Executive.
Mr. Anderson was born on June 4, 1975, in Winchester, KY.
He

graduated from Powell County High School and the University of Kentucky

with a degree in Agricultural Economics.
Mr. Anderson was a lifelong

farmer and cherished his animals.
Mr. Anderson was a strong advocate for the people of Powell County.
He was elected County Judge Executive and served three terms in that

important leadership position.
He supported numerous worthy projects,

including the creation of Hollerwood ATV Park, construction projects

for the Emergency Dispatch and Operation Center, the Senior Citizens

Center, the Animal Shelter, Recycling Center, and jail expansion

projects.
He worked on improving the infrastructure of Powell County by

paving over 5 miles of gravel roads and being a part of over twenty

bridge projects and flood mitigation projects.
In 2019, Mr. Anderson

was recognized by the Kentucky Association of Counties as the County

Judge Executive of the Year.
Mr. Anderson was a well-respected member of his community.
He loved

God and he loved his family.
He was a member of Stanton Christian

Church and the Powell County Lions Club.
Mr. Anderson is survived by

his wife Candace, his son James, and his daughter Josi.
It is my honor to lift up the life of this dedicated public servant.
Mr. Anderson's leadership and his love for Powell County will be

greatly missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RESIDENCE INN AMELIA ISLAND

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, ``There's no place like home'',

Dorothy once famously said, and it is so true.
Most hotels are simply

places for business travelers or tourists coming and going, but

occasionally, some are so special we think of them as a home away from

home.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate one of these special places:

the Residence Inn on Amelia Island in the free state of Florida.
The Residence Inn is perfectly situated in the heart of Amelia Island

close to downtown, delightful shops and restaurants, and of course, the

crystal blue surf that makes us a top destination.
The Residence Inn is

a great community partner, and under the leadership of General Manager

Bob Hartman, they sponsor many events on the island, making it a better

place to live and visit.
The hotel is truly a home away from home for many travelers, and I

experienced their hospitality firsthand.
When our house was damaged by

an unexpected fire, we lived in the Residence Inn for 6 months.
The

entire staff, from management to maintenance went above and beyond to

make a difficult time for our family better, ensuring we felt at home.
The folks at Residence Inn are true leaders of our state's travel,

hospitality, and tourism industries.
I am profoundly grateful to their

employees who welcome visitors with their positive attitudes and their

exemplary services that always exceed expectations.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in celebrating the

ribbon cutting for the Residence Inn refresh and many more years of

excellence in the hospitality industry.