He then served as the Clinical Manager for

Behavioral Health at Erie County Medical Center, where Mr. Burget was

instrumental in overseeing critical mental health services.
In 2016, Mr. Burget joined Roswell Park Comprehensive Cancer Center

as the Director of Network Practice Administration.
In this role, Mr.

Burget managed a vast network of healthcare providers, expanding

Roswell Park's cancer care services to rural and low income communities

across Western New York and the greater region.
Mr. Burget is a devoted husband to Michelle Burget, a retired school

psychologist, and a loving father to his daughter, Zoe.
Outside of his

professional life, Mr. Burget enjoys traveling and spending time

outdoors with his family.
Today, after 31 years of service in the New York State healthcare

system, Mr. Michael Burget is entering a well deserved retirement.
He

will continue his military service in the Air Force Reserves.
Please

join me in congratulating Mr. Burget on this incredible achievement and

thanking him for his selfless service to our country and the people of

Western New York.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING NELSON YERA'S RETIREMENT

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Nelson Yera

as he embarks on

his well-earned retirement.
A proud native of North Tonawanda, Mr. Yera

has devoted 51 years to public service, making significant

contributions to our Western New York community.
Mr. Yera's distinguished career began in 1973 when he enlisted in the

United States Army, marking the start of his lifelong commitment to

federal service.
After serving on active duty, he joined the United

States Army Reserve in 1986.
Following his military service, Mr. Yera began a career in

immigration enforcement.
In 1999, he started as a Border Patrol Agent

with the Department of Justice and the former Immigration and

Naturalization Service.
His exemplary service led him to roles as an

adjudicator and investigator.
With the formation of the Department of

Homeland Security in 2003, Mr. Yera became the Special Agent in Charge

of the Buffalo Field Office, a position he held until 2012.
Since 2013, Mr. Yera has served as an Immigration Officer in the

Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate at the Buffalo Field

Office of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services.
In this

role, he has been instrumental in maintaining the integrity of our

immigration system and the safety of our nation.
Please join me in congratulating Mr. Yera on his retirement and

expressing our profound gratitude for over 50 years of unwavering

dedication to our community and Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF COACH CURT NEWSOME

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I offer these remarks in honor of Emory &

Henry College head football coach Curt Newsome, who stepped down from

his position this summer.
Coach Newsome dedicated his life to the sport

of football, earning coaching positions at several academic

institutions throughout his career.
Coach Newsome was born in Hampton, Virginia on October 29, 1958.
His pursuit and interest in a career in football was great.
He

decided to move to the opposite end of Virginia to play at the

collegiate level at Emory & Henry College, now University.
Coach

Newsome played as a defensive tackle.
Upon graduation, Mr. Newsome

began a coaching career at Ervinton High School in Nora, Virginia.
During a 16-year time span, the high schools of Ervinton, Kecoughtan,

and Heritage benefitted from Coach Newsome's leadership and drive.
He

received praise and recognition from fans, players and fellow coaches,

resulting in his 1998 selection as the AP and VHSL Virginia State Coach

of the Year.
The coaching journey did not end there.
His hard work caught the

attention of Virginia universities and their football programs.
Coach

Newsome landed a coaching opportunity at James Madison University in

1999.