Over the weekend, James Reed, the chief executive of one of the UK’s largest recruiters, said that job vacancies are down 26% compared with the same period last year, which should be a red-light warning that higher unemployment and recession are just around the corner.
Will the Secretary of State plead with the Chancellor to reverse the jobs national insurance tax raid that is devastating employment figures before that warning becomes a reality?
We still have more than 800,000 vacancies in this economy, and businesses are crying out for staff.
That is why, through our reform programme, we are determined that the DWP will serve business better.
I look forward to working with Members across the House to make that happen.
On Friday, my constituents Andrew Price and Matthew Whitmore came to my surgery to share their anger and distress at their pensions being stolen by a so-called investment company.
They are thousands of pounds out of pocket.
Will the Pensions Minister say what protections are in place against this, and will she meet me to discuss how my constituents can get their money back?
There are unfortunately many such cases in which people are preyed on by scammers.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the case further.
Why did the Office for Budget Responsibility estimate that the Budget would cost 50,000 jobs?
I refer the right hon.
Gentleman to the OBR report that says that overall, employment will go up.
How does the Secretary of State envision the future of jobcentres in my constituency and across Scotland, and what role will technology play in that?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that any reform to our jobcentres must come with digital transformation.
We are currently exploring schemes such as a “Jobcentre in your pocket” app, as well as looking for ways in which jobseekers can self-serve in terms of meeting the conditions of their conditionality regime.
On 4 December, my hon.
Friend the Member for Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey (Graham Leadbitter) asked the Prime Minister about the WASPI—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—women, and was told that the Government were working “at pace”.
Since then, 1,400 or 1,500 more women have died without justice or compensation.
Will the Minister tell us what working “at pace” means and give us a timeline?
I was the first Minister for eight years to meet the WASPI campaigners to listen to their concerns.
The ombudsman took six years to investigate six cases.
We are working at pace on this issue.
We hope to come to the House soon—if the hon.
Gentleman will listen to my answer—to update him and the public on what we will do next.
Young people in supported housing, including in my constituency, effectively pay a marginal rate of tax of 55% on their universal credit when they start work, meaning that earnings of just £133 a week see their housing benefit tapered to nil.
That means that work does not pay.
Will the Minister look at the economic benefits of reducing that taper and increasing the applicable amount, ensuring that work does pay and improving housing security?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
There is a problem in the interaction between the universal credit taper rate and the housing benefit taper for people in supported and temporary accommodation.
We are, at the moment, looking at options for how to tackle that quite serious work disincentive problem.
This Christmas, over one in four children in this country will be living in poverty.
That could be partly addressed by scrapping the two-child benefit cap and paid for simply by reversing the Tory tax cut on the banks.
What is more important: hungry children or bankers’ bonuses?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the condition of children living in poverty in this country.
That is why, as I mentioned earlier, the child poverty taskforce is doing extensive work on the issue.
According to the 2022 Migration Observatory report, over 200,000 children are likely to be in families with no recourse to public funds.
As the 2022 Work and Pensions Committee report highlighted, those families face particularly tough circumstances without access to benefits.
Will the Minister confirm whether the child poverty taskforce is engaging directly with affected families to understand the challenges they face?
The child poverty taskforce is considering all children across the UK in all aspects of our child poverty strategy.
We recognise the distinct challenges of poverty faced by children in particular groups, such as migrant children, disabled children and others.
We are engaging directly with families affected by poverty.
We recognise that the causes of child poverty are deep rooted and we will look at all levers to make change.
In Epsom and Ewell, local charities such as the Sunnybank Trust are seeing a lack of employment opportunities for people with learning disabilities.
In fact, only 6.9% of people with learning disabilities are currently in paid work.
What measures is the DWP taking to support employers to help individuals with learning disabilities to get into work?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
She will probably be aware of the Buckland review, published before the election, which looks specifically at employment support for people with autism.
The Minister for Employment and I met Sir Robert Buckland recently, and we are looking at how we can take forward the ideas he proposed in his report.