In the run-up to the election, Labour clearly committed to an employment rate target of 80%, but in the past few weeks I have noticed a shift in language from “target” to “ambition”.
Will the Minister clear this up for us: are the Government still committed to the 80% employment target, or will that be another broken Labour promise?
I make no apologies for having ambition for people in our labour market.
The figure was always an ambition, because Labour Members want our jobcentres to shift away from pointless admin towards real ambition for everybody who steps through the door.
I think we all heard that loud and clear: Labour has ditched its employment target.
That is already another broken Labour promise.
However, I feel for the Minister.
How can she be expected to boost employment when her Chancellor is busy taxing jobs and then shrinking the economy?
The Government have destroyed business confidence, have put up taxes on jobs, and are piling red tape on employers.
Which of those measures will help her to deliver that employment “ambition”?
I have brought forward proposals to get Britain working, together with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, the Secretary of State for Education, and Secretaries of State right across Government.
That is how we will plot a course towards our ambition of an 80% employment rate.
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for being kind enough to refer to our “Get Britain Working” plans as “rearranging the deckchairs on the Titanic”.
It was very brave of her to acknowledge that the last Government’s legacy for us was a sinking ship.
What recent estimate she has made of the number of people who will be supported into work through the proposals outlined in the “Get Britain Working” White Paper.
Our ambition is an 80% employment rate over a decade of national renewal.
We will get Britain working by creating a new jobs and careers service in our overhaul of jobcentres.
We will bring forward a new youth guarantee, so that every young person is earning or learning, and will give local areas the power to join up work, health and skills support to help the 2.8 million people who are out of work due to long-term health conditions.