The hon.
Gentleman makes an interesting suggestion.
That is not something I am considering at the moment, but as he will have heard me say earlier, we will be reviewing universal credit over the course of the next year or so.
We certainly want to support young care leavers—he will know of the recent announcement that we made about changes to carer’s allowance—and we are keeping all those matters under review.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the youth guarantee on young people in Harlow constituency.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the youth guarantee on young people in Derby North constituency.
Our new youth guarantee will ensure that every young person is earning or learning, tackling the scandal that we inherited of almost 1 million young people not in education, employment or training.
Young people in Harlow, Derby North and across the country deserve the opportunity to work, get skills and build a better life, and that is what this Labour Government will deliver.
In my constituency of Harlow, lots of fantastic organisations provide transferable skills for young people, and I thank  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden)  for reminding me of the name Jason Shaves, who is an incredible champion for that kind of work.
Does the Secretary of State agree that giving local areas such as Harlow the flexibility, power and funding to engage with young people in the way that best works for them will get them back into employment quicker?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we are going to give new powers, responsibilities and funding to local areas to deliver our youth guarantee.
They know their communities best.
They know the voluntary organisations, schools, training providers and businesses, and the mental health and other support that many young people need.
In Harlow, I know that that approach will be key to giving young people the opportunities that my hon.
Friend wants and that they deserve.
Mel was out of work and homeless, but YMCA Derbyshire saw only her potential, not her disadvantage.
Now, she is at Toyota and on track for a  leadership role.
Its working assets programme has a 70% success rate in supporting homeless young people into employment.
How will the youth guarantee help the Government join up with, enhance and champion local programmes like that?
That sounds like a fantastic programme by the YMCA in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
That is precisely why we need to join up with what local colleges are doing, with the support provided by local councils and with supported employment programmes run by the NHS.
If we join that up and base it on local needs, her young constituent and many others like her will get the chance they need and deserve to build a better life.
What steps she is taking to reform the health and disability benefits system.
We want to reform the system to do a much better job in helping people to enter and stay in work.
We will publish a Green Paper next spring and we will be discussing our proposals with disabled people.
To protect those in need and to deliver for taxpayers, we need to take tough decisions.
Reforming health and disability benefits will require Ministers to make difficult choices, but so far the plans rely on reducing NHS waiting lists, which the Office for Budget Responsibility has said will have hardly any effect on economic activity.
Are Ministers willing to make unpopular decisions to solve this issue and, if so, when?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will make the right decisions, and they will be set out in our Green Paper in the spring.
There is a need to reform the health and disability benefits system—there is no question about that—and we want to talk to disabled people themselves about the details, in order to make sure that we get it right.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the “Get Britain Working” White Paper on people with a long-term health condition or disability.
Disabled people and people with long-term health conditions deserve the same rights as everybody else, including the right to work.
Many of the 2.8 million people out of work due to long-term sickness say that they want to work, if they can get the right help and support.
That is what our “Get Britain Working” plan will deliver.
A core objective of the “Get Britain Working” White Paper is to support disabled people into employment.
As the Secretary of State knows, the blue badge scheme is an important provision in enabling people to get to work, but data released this month shows a sharp rise in blue badge theft, with badges  being sold on by criminals for upwards of £500 to people who use them to avoid parking charges.
Will the Minister back my campaign to tackle this injustice?
Yes, I think it is disgusting that some people think it is all right to steal the blue badges that so many disabled people rely on to work, but also to socialise and to see family and friends.
I know that the Minister for Future of Roads, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , who is responsible for this issue, is a strong supporter of the campaign by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Beckenham and Penge (Liam Conlon) .
I will contact her to stress my support and that of my entire Department.
The “Get Britain Working” White Paper rightly says that “people deserve the opportunity to thrive and that sports, arts and culture are crucial to achieving this goal”, especially for those with disabilities.
The Sovereign centre in Eastbourne, where I learned to swim, provides vital sports and leisure opportunities that will help serve that aim.
With the future of two of its pools being considered, does the Minister agree that to best honour the aims of the White Paper, Eastbourne borough council should engage with all interested providers who may be able to protect our fun and training pools at the centre before making any final decisions on the next steps?
Order.
I am not sure that was a relevant question, as well as the hon.
Member shoehorned it in.
Secretary of State, do you want to answer?
It is up to you.
I believe that sport, as well as art and culture, can play a huge role in engaging and inspiring people, helping them on the pathway to skills, confidence and jobs.
I want to see that provision enhanced in future, because we are determined to have that at the national partnership level, and it needs to happen locally, too, to get people working and earning again.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce the number of people in low-paid work.
Our plan to get Britain working is crucial to tackling low pay and increasing living standards in every corner of the country.
When only one in six people ever fully escape low pay, the Labour party believes that is not good enough, so our new jobs and careers service, backed by £55 million of additional funding next year, will kick-start our reforms to help more people get work and get on in their work so that they boost their living standards, too.
Average wages in my constituency of Crewe and Nantwich—a place with a proud industrial heritage—lag behind the regional and national averages at just £686 a week before tax.
Will the Secretary of State outline how the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will support growth as well as high-skilled, well-paid jobs in my constituency, not just the biggest cities?
The Government share my hon.
Friend’s determination to boost the living standards of his constituents, so the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will ensure that every local area—including in his constituency—produces its own get Britain working plan.
Alongside our industrial strategy, our plan to make work pay, the national wealth fund and Skills England, that will help people to get work and progress in their careers, with good opportunities for employment right across the country.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means- testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
Under the last Conservative Government, an estimated 880,000 of the poorest pensioners eligible for pension credit were not claiming it.
We have launched the biggest ever pension credit awareness campaign and written to 120,000 pensioners on housing benefit, urging them to apply.
As a result, claims for pension credit have more than doubled, and those who receive pension credit will also receive winter fuel payments and other related benefits.
Before the last general election, the Labour party suggested that removal of the winter fuel payment would mean an extra 4,000 pensioners a year dying, freezing in poverty.
How many will die under the Government’s policy this year?
The Government remain absolutely committed to supporting low-income pensioners.
We are supporting them through the household support fund, which local authorities can use to help people on the lowest incomes with their bills.
The Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , has also raised £500 million from energy suppliers to help those most vulnerable consumers in debt.
We also have the warm home discount and the warm homes plan to help those on low incomes to heat their homes.
Under the Conservatives, billions in pension credit went unclaimed.
The burden for driving up claims often lies in fantastic organisations such as Christians Against Poverty, the Falkirk and Clackmannanshire Carers Centre and Citizens Advice Falkirk and Denny, as well as the brilliant Falkirk council welfare benefits team in my constituency.
What assurance can the Minister give me that beyond  21 December  her Department will work tirelessly to prevent billions in benefits from being left unclaimed?
Indeed, we have taken forward the biggest awareness campaign for claiming pension credit that has ever been seen.
We are determined that those on the lowest incomes should claim pension credit and be awarded it, which will passport them to winter fuel payments and other related benefits.
The Scottish Government are bringing back the winter fuel payment because we are aware what an awful disaster this has been for the Labour Government.
People are terrified  to switch on their heating.
Will the Minister please explain to pensioners living in poverty circumstances but not eligible for pension credit what they should do this winter?
Should they just wear an extra blanket?
The Scottish Government have been given a record settlement in the recent Budget.
As the hon.
Member knows, winter fuel payments and other benefits are devolved to the Scottish Government.