What steps her Department is taking to support people newly recognised as refugees into work.
Once people are granted refugee status, they have immediate access to DWP employment support and services.
Work coaches work with refugee customers to understand their individual employment needs and provide tailored support, as appropriate, including with CV writing, interview preparedness and help securing work experience.
Those who require more intensive support can be referred to DWP employment programmes or other contracted provision.
The Government are seeking to clear the very unacceptable backlog—the huge backlog—of asylum applications they inherited from the previous Government.
As a result, we are already beginning to see an increase in the number of newly recognised refugees, who rightly now have the right to work and to contribute here.
Can the Minister say a bit more about the strategic planning and cross-departmental work that is happening on providing tailored support—he talked about tailored support, but the existing scheme of course comes to an end in June—so that refugees who have every right to be here have the ability to take a job, pay taxes and contribute here?
The hon.
Member is entirely correct to recognise the important role of refugees in contributing to our economy.
There is a range of tailored support available with things such as language support and, as I mentioned earlier, with CV writing and interview preparedness, but there is also support with ensuring that their qualifications earned elsewhere are transferable to this country.
I would of course be very happy to meet him to discuss further the support that could be put in place as we look, as he says, to clear the asylum backlogs.
We are in constant communication with the Home Office and other Departments to ensure that there is a holistic approach in doing so.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of levels of maternity and paternity pay and allowances.
The Government keep the rates of parental pay under review.
Following the Secretary of State’s announcement in a written ministerial statement to Parliament on  30 October , and subject to parliamentary approval, parental pay will increase in line with the consumer prices index at the rate of 1.7% from April 2025.
At less than half the rate of a full-time national minimum wage, maternity and paternity pay is so low that most parents simply cannot live on it, and they are often forced into debt, or forced back to work sooner than they would like.
A poll of fathers found that two-thirds of them would take more leave if paternity pay were higher.
If we want to give families choice in how they care for their children in those precious early months, will the Minister discuss with colleagues in the Treasury and the Department for Business and Trade how we can boost rates of maternity and paternity pay?
I understand the point that the hon.
Lady is making, but requests for a significant uplifting of benefits come with a price tag
and I heard no suggestions as to how that would be paid for.
On support for parents, the Government committed in their manifesto to review parental leave to ensure that it best supports working families.
Further details of that review will be announced in due course.
Recent damning statistics highlighted that just 2% of parents made use of shared parental leave in the past year, with uptake skewed towards the highest earners.
Given the importance of breaking down barriers to equal parenting for employment, will the Minister ensure that he works with the Department for Business and Trade as part of the upcoming review to ensure that enhanced parental leave is considered, including strengthening paternity leave entitlements?
My hon.
Friend is correct to highlight not just the importance and benefits of shared parental leave, but the disparity between those who make use of it.
I will, of course, maintain dialogue with the Department for Business and Trade as we go through that review, but I would also welcome a discussion with my hon.
Friend about his ambitions and ideas for how we could take that forward.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the rates of universal credit.
No assessment along the lines that the hon.
Gentleman asks about has been made.
Benefit rates are reviewed each year, increasing by 6.7% last April and by 1.7% from next April, in line with inflation.