How many people who should get the winter fuel payment will get it this winter?
We intend to ensure that everybody who is entitled to pension credit, and therefore the winter fuel payment, claims it and gets it.
We have seen a 145% increase in claims—far more than was ever achieved under the last Government.
If the hon.
Lady was so concerned about that, perhaps she should have taken action during her party’s 14 years in government.
Unfortunately, the right hon.
Lady simply will not give a straight answer.
She will not tell the House what she knows; she knew that the Government’s choices would push 100,000 pensioners into poverty and she did not tell the House that, either.
Let us try this question instead.
The Government’s own figures show that pensioners applying now will have to wait until the spring to find out whether they will get winter fuel money.
What is her advice to a pensioner sitting in the cold and wondering if they can afford to turn on their heating this Christmas?
If the hon.
Lady cared so much about pensioners in the cold, why did her Government leave 880,000 not claiming pension credit?
Why did they first promise to bring together housing benefit and pension credit in 2011 and never deliver it?
This Government are taking action—42,500 more people are receiving pension credit now than when she left government.
We are determined to act; perhaps she should apologise for her failure.
Many of my more senior constituents are concerned about their finances and winter fuel payments, especially those just above the threshold.
In Slough, 1,688 households are currently eligible for pension credit but not claiming this vital benefit, so what steps is the Department taking to increase the uptake and ensure that those who are not eligible are not left out in the cold?
I place on record my thanks to the 160 local authorities that have worked with the Department for Work and Pensions to raise awareness of applying for pension credit, and also to the various charities around the country that have worked with us.
The number of people claiming pension credit has doubled—a record number—and we are processing those claims at pace.