May I urge the Minister to introduce the FIRS scheme as soon as possible and commence it at the earliest possible opportunity?
What steps has the Home Office taken to ensure the proposed new Chinese embassy, at the Royal Mint site, has proper oversight, so that we do not allow it to become a new base for spies?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee for her questions; I know the Home Secretary is looking forward to appearing in front of the Committee tomorrow.
On the embassy, as the right hon.
Lady will know, the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government has called in the application, in line with current planning policy.
The planning decision sits solely with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government—the Deputy Prime Minister.
As the right hon.
Lady will understand, I am unable to say anything more about that, but a final decision will be made in due course.
The right hon.
Lady also asked about FIRS.
I can give her an assurance that we are progressing it at pace, and it is the Government’s strong intention to introduce it as soon as practically possible.
To that end, we intend to lay the regulations as soon as possible in the new year.
The shadow Home Secretary referred to “sycophancy” towards the Chinese, but I think that charge is better directed at Members of his own party.
It is less than five years since Theresa May went to Beijing, where she was praised by the state media; I know that because I was on that trip, in a former career.
She was praised for “sidestepping” human rights issues in the furtherance of the wider necessities of the trip.
Does the Minister agree that that is not the right approach to the Chinese?
I agree that is not the right approach; the current Government’s approach is the right one.
I have laid out the strategic approach we intend to adopt with China.
We have to be clear headed about the nature of the threat we face, but we also have to look for areas where we can co-operate as well.
Last year, as Home Secretary, I made the decision to exclude Yang Tengbo from the UK because his presence posed a threat to our national security.
That decision was based on the advice of MI5, and I am very pleased that the High Court has upheld that decision.
I say gently to the Minister that it is regrettable that it has taken a high-profile case, public outcry and Opposition MPs dragging the Minister to the Chamber to finally get the Government to commit to implementing the foreign influence registration scheme—a scheme that we enacted and that was ready to go at the time of the  general election.
If the Government are really serious about tackling the unprecedented threat posed by China—malicious cyber-attacks, transnational repression, the Confucius institutes, Chinese police stations, and of course human rights abuses against the Uyghur Muslims—when will they list China on the enhanced tier?
I was not going to make this point, but given the way in which the right hon.
and learned Lady has made hers, I will gently point out that the previous Government had a significant period from the passing of the National— indicated dissent.
The right hon.
and learned Lady shakes her head.
It is a statement of fact that the previous Government had a significant amount of time—many months—from the passing of the National Security Act 2023, during which they could have chosen to implement FIRS.
They did not implement FIRS.
It now falls to this Government to do so, and that is precisely what we will do.
It is disappointing that some Opposition Members are trying to turn what should be a moment of collective unity in the face of a shared security threat into a political row.
Does the Security Minister agree that it is pretty incredible for the party whose Defence Secretary was sacked for leaking vital intelligence about the Huawei 5G contract now to pose as the protector of our national security?
I agree.
This Government’s approach will always be to work constructively across the House on matters relating to national security, but given the record of certain right hon.
and hon.
Opposition Members, I suggest that humility might be the order of the day for some of them.
I do not want to go over the readiness of FIRS again and again.
I will leave it at this: I was assured by the same officials who sit in the Box advising the Minister that it would be ready to go by the end of the year.
Clearly the advice has changed.
Only one thing in the Department has changed, which is the party leading it, so I can only assume that there has been a change of intent, but I am delighted that it will be ready to go by the summer—better late than never.
The real question, of course, is whether it will be worth having.
The advice from MI5 was very clear: if China is not in the enhanced tier, it will not be worth having.
Will China be in that tier?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that I take these matters incredibly seriously.
He and I have known each other for a very long time.
I therefore know that he will take on trust my assertion to him and to the House that the scheme was not ready to go when we arrived in government in July this year.
We are working at pace.
I have today given the House a timeframe and said that we are looking very closely, working with colleagues across Government, at how we can best structure the scheme.
We will make announcements in the normal way in due course.
One weak point in protecting our parliamentary democracy from hostile state actors is money in politics.
Does the Security Minister agree that this latest case shows that it  is a priority to ensure that our electoral laws are robust enough that only funds that are clean and sourced entirely from within the UK fund our political parties, because there certainly seems to be some confusion among some of the parties in opposition?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and speaks with great authority on this matter.
He will know that we have just appointed Baroness Hodge as the Government’s new anti-corruption champion.
She will support the work that we do, looking very carefully at the impact of dirty money on politics.
He is right that the Government will want to assure ourselves that the electoral laws that govern the conduct of elections are robust, and ensure that there are no opportunities for people from overseas to intervene in our political processes.
That advice should be taken very seriously by all parties across the House.
In my constituency there are many Hongkongers deeply concerned about surveillance from Chinese agents in this country.
Can the Minister give my constituents any assurance that their legitimate fears are being addressed by the Government?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising the plight of his constituents.
Yes, I can give him those assurances.
The Government take very seriously the kinds of interventions he refers to.
Through the defending democracy taskforce, we are looking carefully at the issue of transnational repression, and we will have more to say about it in due course.
Can I ask the Minister about the integrity of our democracy?
In particular, what steps is he taking to ensure the integrity of the processes and institutions of our political process, especially but not only with regard to China?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I briefly mentioned earlier the importance that this Government attach to the defending democracy taskforce.
We inherited that body from the previous Government.
We are working at pace to ensure that it works across Government as effectively as possible.
Fundamentally, it seeks to address the point he made about challenging those threats to the integrity of our democracy.
This Government will ensure that no stone is left unturned in seeking to address the significant challenges that we all know we face.
Just a few days ago, the head of MI5 talked about having to make “uncomfortable choices” and paring back counter-terrorism operations in order to deal with the huge rise in state threats.
If the Government mean what they say about security being the first priority of Government, will the Minister undertake to ensure that MI5 and the security services as a whole have the resources they need to tackle all the threats?
By all means, blame the previous Government for the state we are in, but it will not get him far, because I need him to answer that question.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a fair point and a good challenge.
I can assure him that the Home Secretary and I work incredibly closely with MI5 and  colleagues across Government to ensure that they have the resources they need to do the difficult job they do.
I mentioned the remarks that Ken McCallum made in his annual threat lecture back in October.
The nature of the threat we face is more challenging and complex than at any point in our lifetimes.
That does require resource and expertise.
The Home Secretary, I as Security Minister and all the Government will work to ensure that our security services have the resources they need to do the job.
I am grateful for the urgent question and thank the Minister for what he has said, in particular about the defending democracy taskforce.
Can he assure me not only that the Government will do all they can to secure our national security but, with respect to the activities of individuals with known links to the Chinese Government and who are considered to be a national security risk, that the fullest of investigations will be done to ensure the integrity of our national security?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
The United Front Work Department is said to have 40,000 members globally, and Mr Yang Tengbo is surely the tip of the iceberg in the UK.
The department is tasked with cultivating relationships not only with high-level figures that extend an influence to British nationals, but with those in all walks of society.
That means the public need to be much more aware of the risk to themselves.
What is the Minister doing to assess the number of those members in our society, and what public awareness campaign will he make for my constituents in Dundee and constituents across these islands?
The hon.
Member makes an important point about public awareness, and I will take that away and give it further consideration.
With regard to the remarks he made at the beginning, he has essentially underlined the importance of why we need the FIR scheme.
As I have said a number of times before, the Government are committed to implementing the scheme.
We are getting on and will implement it in the new year.
Notwithstanding the somewhat chiding tone of some of the comments from hon.
Members on the Opposition Benches, does the Security Minister agree with me that it is actually possible both to maintain a consistent and long-term relationship with China, as we must, and to take the robust measures that he has set out today to defend our national interests?
I do agree.
That is the challenge for any Government, regardless of their political stripe.
Yes, of course national security is the priority and we must defend against the threats that we face, but we also have to co-operate economically.
The Government will seek to balance those two responsibilities.
The Security Minister mentioned the breadth of the national security threat against the United Kingdom.
He mentioned Russia, China and Iran, but, unless I missed it, he did not mention North Korea.
Will he comment on that?
Following on from the question that my hon.
Friend the Member  for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin) asked about resources, is the Minister confident that the UK intelligence community, across agencies, has sufficient resources to manage the increased threat that he has recognised today?
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks with experience and authority on these matters, and he is right to mention North Korea.
On his point about resources, I am not remotely complacent about that at all.
Mindful of the nature of the threat that we face, the Home Secretary and I will work with our colleagues across Government to ensure that our security services have the resources they need.
We have exceptional people stepping forward to serve, and it is the responsibility of Government, regardless of political colour, to ensure that they have the resources and technology they need not just to keep pace with the threat, but to retain a competitive advantage.
We will ensure that they have the resources to do that.
Yang Tengbo is the alleged Chinese spy who has been stalking the corridors of power in our country, rubbing shoulders with royalty, Prime Ministers and business leaders, yet his name was withheld from the great British public.
Does the Minister agree that his name was withheld only to avoid embarrassment for previous Prime Ministers and for business leaders, and that that was not in the best interests of the British public?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman will acknowledge that I named H6.
His initial anonymity was a result of a court order; it was not a UK Government decision.
The west certainly learned a lesson about energy supplies and where they come from when Russia invaded.
To build on what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  said, I want to press the Minister on solar and renewables.
The Government have an agenda to push this country quickly towards renewable energy, yet China manufactures and processes a lot of the materials that we need for it.
Before we accelerate towards that goal, will the Minister undertake an assessment of the risk to our energy supply?
That is a crucial piece of our national security.
I am genuinely grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his reasonable and constructive points, which we will consider further.
He will acknowledge that the Government must make difficult judgments about those matters, but I assure him that we will look at them with a clear-headed view of what is in our national interest, and in the end national security will always prevail.
Does the Minister agree that it is not just the big schemes that need consideration, but the small ones too?
Elite capture can happen at higher education and infrastructure level.
Peking University HSBC business school in Oxford wants to expand.
The local planning authority narrowly passed the proposal.
I asked the previous Government to call it in, but just last week this Government approved the scheme.
That is a mistake.
The economic benefit will go primarily to the Chinese Communist party.
Will the  Minister’s Department ask the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to look again at the scheme?
What resilience is he offering local planning authorities on such matters?
The hon.
Lady is right.
It is not just about the bigger schemes; the smaller ones are important as well.
I think what she refers to was essentially a planning matter, but I will look at it further.
On matters relating to higher education, we work closely with colleagues in the Department for Education, and mechanisms are in place across Government so that when concerns are expressed, we will follow them up.