Can I start by thanking the Security Minister and the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the security briefing they arranged earlier today for the shadow Foreign Secretary and myself?
We are grateful for the assistance.
Chinese infiltration of public organisations is of grave concern, but this is not just about public organisations such as the Government; businesses and universities are also being systemically infiltrated, and intellectual property theft is often at the heart of what the Chinese Government are trying to achieve.
When I was Technology Minister, I saw this in areas such as artificial intelligence and quantum computing, and I would like to hear the Security Minister say more about intellectual property theft of cutting-edge technology in a moment.
Last year the head of MI5, Ken McCallum, said that Chinese activity seeking to infiltrate our institutions was taking place on an “epic scale”.
Last year there were multiple attempts by Chinese companies to get hold of sensitive technology, and MI5 estimates that 20,000 individuals have been approached by Chinese agents who are trying to influence them, or forge contacts in some way.
It is likely that at some point, either in the past or in the future, an attempt to contact every Member of this House will be made in one form or another.
The Opposition will fully support the Government in working to secure our nation’s safety, and I will ask the Minister one or two questions in that spirit.
First, would he consider expediting the implementation of the foreign influence registration scheme that he referred to?
I echo the suggestion from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  that China should be placed in the enhanced tier of that scheme.
Secondly, will the Security Minister review the wisdom of the Government’s approach to China?
Given what we have learned and what we now know, the very close relations that the Prime Minister is apparently attempting, and the rather sycophantic tone he took with President Xi at the G20 a few weeks ago, may not be very wise.
Chinese infiltration and intellectual property theft are of very grave concern, and I would welcome some further comments from the Security Minister as to what he will do to combat them.
First, we were pleased to offer that briefing because these are important matters that should not divide us.
It will always be this Government’s approach that, where we can work co-operatively with all Members of this House on matters relating to national security, we will seek to do so.
The right hon.
Gentleman made some important points about matters relating to business, higher education and universities.
He is a former Technology Minister, so I know he speaks with authority and expertise on matters relating to intellectual property theft, and this is an important point for him to make.
I share his concerns.
It is completely unacceptable that any entity, whether they are a hostile state or otherwise, should seek to draw intellectual property out of our country, and this Government take the matter very seriously.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned the comments of the director general of MI5, Ken McCallum, and I would say to him that the National Security and Investment Act 2021 provides a framework for this Government, as it did for the previous Government, when dealing with some of these matters.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about FIRS, and I hope I have been able to provide some reassurance on the Government’s intention to table the regulations as soon as practically possible in the new year, with a view to having the scheme up and running by the summer.
On the approach to China, I do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the Prime Minister’s recent meeting.
I would just say very gently to him that at least the Prime Minister did not take President Xi to the pub for a pint.
Will the broader China audit include an assessment of the number of Chinese Communist party operatives working in the UK, including through bodies such as the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office?
And will the Minister ensure that everyone targeted, whether they are Members of this place, members of the royal family or members of the public with British national overseas status who are originally from Hong Kong, has access to tailored security support?
We are working with other Departments to carry out an audit of the UK’s relationship with China.
This is being done to improve our ability to understand and respond to both the challenges and the opportunities that China poses.
It is vital that we have a thorough understanding of the bilateral relationship with China, including where we need to challenge to protect the UK’s national security.
The audit is ongoing, and its outcomes will guide a consistent and coherent approach to China.
British national overseas status is a matter that I know my hon.
Friend has rightly pursued for a significant amount of time.
This reflects the UK’s historical and moral commitment to those people of Hong Kong who chose to retain their ties to the UK by taking up BNO status at the point of Hong Kong’s handover to China in 1997.
BNO status holders and their families are making significant contributions to our economy and local communities.
From the route’s introduction on  31 January 2021  to the end of September 2024, more than 215,000 visas were granted.