A recently published freedom of information request indicates that AI tools used to detect DWP fraud are   biased and disproportionately discriminate against people by age, disability, marital status and nationality.
Obviously, that has caused considerable concern.
What assurances can the Minister give that the procurement and use of such tools will be covered by strict governance standards, including tests for fairness?
My hon.
Friend will know that we face a significant challenge, with fraud and error costing the Department almost £10 billion a year.
It is right that we look to utilise all available tools to tackle it.
However, I understand her concerns, although I would remind her that the final decision on whether someone receives a welfare payment is always made by a human.
That is the most robust safeguard that we can have in place—although of course it sits alongside a broader suite.
My inspirational constituent, Bells Lewers, has terminal bowel cancer.
When she was first undergoing treatment, she was initially turned down for personal independence payment, despite the significant impact on her ability to work and carry out basic daily activities.
Has the Minister considered incorporating clinical diagnosis alongside function in eligibility assessments, and will he meet Bells to discuss the assessment process?
We do keep the assessment process under review, but I would be happy to look at the details of this particular case and perhaps meet the hon.
Lady and her constituent, if that would be helpful.
An astonishing £35 billion has been lost to benefit fraud and errors since the pandemic.
Will the Minister outline the plans and the timeline for recouping that money?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the enormous cost to the Department—upwards of £35 billion—of fraud since the pandemic.
She will be pleased to know that the fraud, error and debt Bill is due to come to the House early in the new year.
This Government are serious about tackling fraud; it is just a shame that we inherited the mess we did.
Order.
Before I call  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I will make a short statement.
The House of Commons respects the jurisdiction of the courts—for example, in our sub judice rule.
The sub judice rule applies to all criminal cases, including cases involving espionage, which are currently before courts.
It is important that nothing we say should prejudice a fair trial before a jury.
The sub judice rule also applies to the majority of civil cases, but it does not apply when a ministerial decision is in question, such as the decision in this case by the Home Secretary to exclude the person known as H6 from the UK on the basis that his exclusion is conducive to the public good on grounds of national security.
I understand that this afternoon the administrative court decided to lift the anonymity order.
The Government are responsible to this House, which holds Ministers accountable for what is done on their authority.
Although it is important that Members should be able to question Ministers, I remind them of the rule set out in paragraphs 21.20 and 21.23 of “Erskine May” that it is only in order to criticise the conduct of a member of the royal family when debating a substantive motion drawn up in proper terms, which is not the case in this urgent question.
I hope that the House now has a feel for the way in which we will debate this subject.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Government if they will make a statement on the extent of the operations of the United Front Work Department within the UK.
The first duty of any Government is national security, and we therefore welcome the court’s decision to uphold the Home Office’s position with regard to the exclusion of H6, who can now be named as Yang Tengbo.
The Special Immigration Appeals Commission concluded that there was a “basis for the conclusion” that H6 “had been in a position to generate relationships with prominent UK figures which could be leveraged for political interference purposes by the CCP (including the UFWD) or the Chinese State.”
Where there are individuals who pose a threat to our national security, we are absolutely committed to using the full range of powers available to disrupt them.
When we encounter foreign interference or espionage, whether it stems from the United Front Work Department or from any other state-linked actor, we will be swift in using all available tools, including prosecutions, exclusions, sanctions and diplomacy, to keep our country safe.
Given the potential for further litigation, it would be inappropriate for me to say any more, but it is important to recognise that this case does not exist in a vacuum.
As the director general of MI5 made clear in October, we are in the most complex threat environment that he has ever seen.
Alongside the threat from terrorism, we face ongoing efforts by a number of states, including China, Russia and Iran, to harm the UK’s security.
Our response is among the most robust and sophisticated anywhere in the world.
The National Security Act 2023, which was supported by Members on both sides of the House and which strengthened our powers to protect the UK, is central to our protection against states that seek to conduct hostile acts.
To date, six individuals have been charged under the new Act, and the Government have been working hard on the roll-out of a crucial part of it: the foreign influence registration scheme, or FIRS.
We will say more about that soon, but we intend to lay regulations in the new year and commence the scheme in the summer.
The Government have also set out our approach to China, which will be consistent and strategic.
We will challenge where we must in order to keep our country safe, compete where we need to, and co-operate where we can—for example, on matters such as climate change.
That is acting in the national interest, as the Prime Minister reiterated earlier today.
However, the threats we face from foreign states are pernicious and complex.
The work of our intelligence agencies is unrivalled in mitigating them, and I want to take this opportunity to pay tribute to them for the amazing work that they do to keep our country safe.
Today, as ever, they will be pursuing those who wish to do us harm, including those from foreign states.
We support our intelligence agencies in their efforts, and we always will—and they will know that at any point when the UK’s national security is at risk, we will not hesitate to use every tool at our disposal to keep our country safe.
I want to put two things on the record.
First, it would have been easier for the Government to come to the House with a statement; obviously, there was more to say than we have allocated time for.
Secondly, I say to Sir Iain: please do not tell the media what you are going to do and how you are going to do it, and do not try to bounce the Chair into making a decision.
If anybody else had put in for an urgent question, I would have given it to them—on the basis that I am not dancing to the tune of the media.
It would be helpful if the Government came forward with statements, rather than being dragged to the Dispatch Box.
Hopefully, we can all learn from this, and here is a good example of how that will be done: I call Sir Iain Duncan Smith.
Mr Speaker, I apologise if that was the case.
Yang Tengbo—H6—was, in fact, not a lone wolf.
He was one of some 40,000 members of the United Front Work Department, which, as the Government know, the Intelligence and Security Committee report last year said had penetrated “every sector” of the UK economy, including by spying, stealing intellectual property, influencing, and shaping our institutions.
Our agents say they are now frustrated by the lack of action, but they do not seem to have the tools they need to deal with the issue.
One of those tools is staring us in the face.
Will the Government commit to putting China in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme, and will they do it now?
There is no need for delay.
The Inter-Parliamentary Alliance on China, or IPAC, found that H6—Yang Tengbo—is already well known as a United Front member, and that he is known to others who are already deep in the political establishment.
Parliamentarians are exposed to the United Front on a  regular basis.
Will the Minister remedy this today, and accept that China is our most prominent security threat and that all action must take priority?
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , who was the previous Security Minister, has said publicly that the Home Office was ready to name China in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme, which would have forced United Front members like H6 to register or face serious consequences.
Given that doing so is an available option, why have we not done it yet?
Is it true, as is being reported by papers, including The Times, that behind the scenes the Government are now under pressure from banks, the wider business community and Government Departments not to do it?
When it comes to a member of the royal family, I simply say this: how was it that somebody who was known to the security forces was allowed to get so close to a member of the royal family without proper scrutiny exposing them?
Finally, I note that the Prime Minister said today in response to the issue that we will “co-operate where we can”, particularly on environmental issues, and “challenge where we must”, particularly on human rights issues.
If the Prime Minister means that, why are we still buying from China huge numbers of solar arrays that have demonstrably been made using slave labour?
Surely his statement is clearly incorrect; far from challenging China on human rights, it now appears that we are turning a blind eye.
Why is that?
Let me first come to the point the right hon.
Gentleman made about FIRS.
Upon our arrival in government, we found that FIRS was not ready to be implemented, as has been claimed.
Since coming into office, we have ensured that more people than ever are now working on FIRS implementation, and the case management team have been recruited and are now in place.
As I said in my opening remarks, we plan to lay the regulations that underpin the scheme in the new year, ahead of the scheme going live in the summer.
As we have previously committed, we will provide three months’ notice of the scheme’s go-live date to give all those who will be affected by it adequate time to prepare.
The scheme will be underpinned by an IT solution consisting of a registration platform, a case management system and an online public register.
The IT programme developed under the previous Government was not ready for the scheme to go live, and plans were not sufficiently robust.
This Government have progressed at pace with the work to ensure that we are in a position to launch FIRS, with the laying of the regulations in the new year with a view to the scheme going live in the summer.
Work is also under way to identify which foreign powers will be placed on the enhanced tier.
That will be based on robust security and intelligence analysis.
The Home Secretary and I plan to begin setting out the Government’s approach for the use of the enhanced tier in due course.
The first duty of Government is national security, and the threat that the country faces is the most complex and evolving we have ever seen.
Given the range of threats we face from hostile state actors, it is important that the Government take action to protect our critical national infrastructure from cyber-attacks and ransomware  attacks.
Can the Minister update us on the plans announced in the King’s Speech for a new Bill on cyber-resilience and other actions to improve protections in this area?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are working at pace with colleagues across Government, including in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, to progress these matters.
There is a lot of work going on across Government to ensure that we are as resilient as we can possibly be to the threats we face from a range of actors.
He can be assured, as can the House, that this Government will use all necessary measures to protect our security and ensure that our critical national infrastructure is as resilient as it possibly can be.