Edinburgh is a booming and—oh, sorry.
Question 4.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the “Get Britain Working” White Paper on employers and businesses.
We have all been there, Mr Speaker.
Businesses are crying out for staff, yet only one in six employers uses jobcentres.
Our “Get Britain Working” White Paper will revolutionise employment support to give employers the workforce they need.
The support will include a new jobs and career service, designed around employers’ needs.
We are also launching an independent review of the role of employers in promoting healthy and inclusive workforces.
Some of us are still getting our heads around our new jobs, Mr Speaker.
Edinburgh is a booming economy that has all the raw materials to thrive in the years ahead—especially because we have some of the growth industries that the Government have identified as being key to the future of the economy.
However, businesses in my constituency are crying out for workers with the skills that they need.
What are the Government doing to ensure that the workforce has the skills that businesses need?
My hon.
Friend describes exactly why we need a local tailored service: so that all employers can properly engage with jobcentres and work together to find the skilled members of staff that they need.
I agree with him that Edinburgh offers so many opportunities  to our young people.
I know that all my DWP colleagues in Edinburgh will work with him to get business the skilled staff that they need.
E-commerce is a growing part of our economy.
Will the Minister spare a thought for small-scale employers in my constituency and throughout Northern Ireland, who.
since Friday, have seen their supply chain clobbered by the imposition on Northern Ireland of the EU’s general product safety regulations?
Because of the extra paperwork and the need to pay an agent in Northern Ireland, many suppliers in Great Britain are now refusing to sell to Northern Ireland.
Will this Government ever take steps to reintegrate Northern Ireland into the internal market— Order.
We have to shorten questions a little, so that I can get others in.
I am not entirely sure that the issues the hon.
and learned Gentleman raises are completely within my responsibilities.
However, DWP colleagues in Northern Ireland work closely with business, and I am sure that they will continue to do so, whatever the prevailing economic circumstances.
What plans she has to review universal credit.
We are committed to reviewing universal credit to ensure that it is doing the job that we need it to.
We have started by announcing the fair repayment rate in the Budget, and we will keep Parliament updated.
Twenty-seven per cent of working-age people in Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley rely on universal credit.
I welcome the fair repayment rate announced in the Budget, but a major reason for benefit debt is the design flaw in universal credit, which means that claimants must wait five weeks for their first payment.
Will the Minister confirm that the five-week wait will be considered in the review of universal credit?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that advances of up to 100% of potential universal credit entitlements are available urgently during the first assessment period of a claim, but she is right to raise concerns about the five-week wait.
I commend to her the excellent report on this subject published by the Work and Pensions Committee in the last Parliament.
The point she has raised is definitely one that we need to consider.
Some of the farmers who work so hard to put food on our tables find it difficult to put food on the table themselves, and need additional Government support.
That used to happen via tax credits, but the transition to universal credit has been hugely challenging for farmers, given the seasonal nature of their work.
Will the Minister meet me to hear some of their concerns, so that we can incorporate those concerns into the Government’s review?
We are watching very carefully the progress of migration from tax credits to universal credit, which will be complete in the early part of next year, but I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Lady and discuss some of the difficulties she is seeing.
What steps she is taking to help reduce levels of poverty.
More people in good jobs is the foundation of our approach to tackling poverty.
That is why we have set out the biggest reforms to employment support in a generation, on top of extending the household support fund, introducing a fair repayment rate for universal credit, and the extensive work of the child poverty taskforce.
In my constituency of Hemel Hempstead, according to figures given to me by the local charity DENS, there has been a 1,000% increase in the number of people needing to use food banks over the past 10 years.
Meanwhile, another institution, the Hemel Hempstead community fridge, sees queues an hour before it opens, in scenes akin to something out of Soviet Russia.
Does the Minister agree that there are few more shameful examples of the last Government’s record on poverty?
[Interruption.]
I cannot quite hear the mutterings of Conservative Members, Mr Speaker—I think the word they were looking for was “sorry”.
Will the Minister also outline further steps that we can take to reduce the need for food banks to exist at all?
The statistics my hon.
Friend has read out are, I am sorry to say, consistent with those of the Trussell Trust, which distributed 61,000 emergency food parcels in 2010.
Last year, the figure was 3.1 million.
That is not acceptable, which is why we have committed to tripling investment in breakfast clubs to over £30 million and—as I have said—introduce our fair repayment rate for deductions from universal credit, because if a person is out of debt, they are out of danger.
We are increasing the national living wage to £12.21 an hour from next April, which will boost the pay of 3 million workers.
That is also why the child poverty taskforce is working very hard.
Benefits such as pension credit and disability living allowance are important in assisting people to stay out of poverty, but delays in processing applications push people into poverty.
One constituent of mine is an 82-year-old gentleman who has spent more than 16 weeks waiting for his application to be processed, and another is the mother of a disabled child who has waited more than 18 weeks and is now being told that it will take an extra 25 weeks for a mandatory reconsideration.
What steps is the Minister taking to reduce delays in processing applications for pension credit and other state support, in order to help lift households out of poverty?