We should not pretend for a moment that the case of H6 is in any way unique or unusual because, as we have heard, the director general of MI5, Ken McCallum, has warned that bodies like the UFWD are “mounting patient, well-funded, deceptive campaigns to buy and exert influence.”
We see it in our business world, and we see it in our universities.
We have the Chinese consulate in my Edinburgh West constituency, and I have, on more than one occasion, been personally chastised by the consul for expressing my views about Uyghur Muslims or for speaking up for Hong Kong residents in this country, so it is a serious problem.
In fact, I was once filmed by a mysterious drone while speaking at a Hong Kong protest.
We need robust action to clamp down on things like the police stations that we have heard exist in this country.
The Government say they are seeking closer relationships with China, so how can the Minister reassure us that they will not weaken their stance or robustness against Chinese influence in this country, or on human rights and democracy in Taiwan and Hong Kong?
How will they protect us all from China’s insidious approach?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that this Government are, and will be, taking the robust action required to combat the nature of the threat that she rightly characterised.
She is right to say that the particular circumstances of the case we are discussing today are not unique.
The Government are working with the intelligence agencies and partners to combat a much wider threat On matters relating to China, she will understand that the Government have to weigh a number of considerations.
While national security will always be our primary responsibility and the thing we take most seriously, there is, as there would have been for the previous Government, a requirement to look for areas where we can co-operate.
In truth, we have to balance that relationship, but I can give her an assurance that we will take the robust action required, including through the defending democracy taskforce, which is a useful mechanism that we use across Government to look more closely at these matters.
Members from across the House are right to raise concerns about the security threats and attempts to undermine or infiltrate our institutions that we face from China.
On behalf of all Members of the House, will the Minister pass on our thanks to all those who work in the security services for their vital work?
Most of us will never know or see that work, but it is constantly protecting us from those threats.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for making that point.
By necessity, the work that our intelligence services do is in the shadows, but since coming into this role a number of months ago, I have been extremely  impressed by the professionalism and dedication of those men and women who work incredibly hard to keep our country safe.
We all, across the House and the country, owe them a debt of gratitude, and I will ensure that is passed on.