It is a

close-knit community where tradition, hard work, and neighborly support

are valued and celebrated.
Annual events such as the Ellington Town

Picnic bring residents together, reinforcing the bonds of friendship

and community spirit that have always been a hallmark of this town.
Ellington is home to several historical sites that reflect its rich

heritage.
These include well-preserved homes and buildings from the

19th century and the Ellington Town Hall, which serves as a hub for

local government and community events.
The preservation of these sites

is a testament to the town's dedication to honoring its past while

looking towards the future.
Mr. Speaker, as we celebrate the bicentennial of Ellington, New York,

we honor a town that embodies the enduring values of hard work,

tradition, and community spirit.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

GREG SHOREY'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize

the 100th birthday of Greg Shorey, a patriot who has been so important

for families in South Carolina developing the modern two-party system.
As South Carolina Republican Party Chairman from 1958 to 1961, he was

a courageous pioneer to launch the modern Republican Party.
Beginning

with the first elected Republican of the Twentieth Century, Charlie

Boineau was elected to the State House in August 1961, representing

Richland County.
Now, Republicans have super majorities in the State House and Senate,

all statewide officials are Republicans, and eight of nine federal

officials in the U.S. House of Representatives are Republican.
Chairman Greg Shorey is a champion for promoting limited government,

expanded freedom, and peace through strength as hallmarks for

Republican success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERRES FAMILY CENTENNIAL

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

Serres Family as they celebrate 100 years of the Serres Ranch.
The

longevity of this great dynasty is a remarkable accomplishment and a

testament to the Serres family's creativity, tenacity, dedication, and

commitment to our vibrant agricultural community.
Serres Ranch was originally owned by Fighting Joe Hooker after the

Mexican American War and the Bear Flag Revolt.
Mr. Hooker sold the

property to George Watriss from New York.
Mr. Watriss moved his family

onto the land after the purchase in 1857 and partnered with the Serres

Family.
The property was known as the Watriss-Serres Ranch.
The

property was fully acquired by the Serres Family in 1924 establishing

Serres Ranch.
In the late 1800s and early 1900s, Serres Ranch cultivated row crops,

grapevines, and operated a thriving dairy farm.
Generations of the

Serres Family, including John Pierre and John Pierre ``Toots'' Serres,

dedicated their lives to nurturing the land and preserving its legacy.
The entrepreneurial spirit of the Serres family manifested in Serres

Construction, founded in 1929 by Franklin Watriss Serres and his father

John Pierre ``Toots'' Serres.
This venture evolved into Serres

Corporation under the leadership of John Pierre Serres, reflecting the

family's commitment to innovation and economic growth.
Today, Serres Ranch stands as a model of sustainable agriculture and

family stewardship.
It is managed by John Pierre Serres and Judy

Serres, alongside their children John, Buck, and Taylor Serres.
The legacy continues with the fifth generation overseeing the farming

of their estate's vineyards and creating delicious wines that honor

their rich family history.
Today, the ranch encompasses 200 acres, with

130 acres dedicated to grapevines, all sustainably grown and climate

adaptation certified.
The diverse enterprises under the Serres Family

umbrella, including Serres Ranch, Serres Corporation, and Serres Ranch

Wine, exemplify their dedication to preserving the land and fostering

community.
Mr. Speaker, we thank the Serres Family for their dedicated service

to our community.
It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor them

as they celebrate their centennial year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.