Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law

To hold hearings to examine birth behind bars.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine understanding the potential

environmental impacts of the chemical 6PPD.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SOUTHEASTERN COLLEGE

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, on Friday

July 19th, 2024, I was otherwise detained due to the nationwide

CrowdStrike/Microsoft Outage and was unable to deliver the commencement

address at Southeastern College.
The following are the remarks I

prepared to share with the graduating students:

Campus President Melissa Jackson, esteemed faculty, members

of the class of 2024, family members, and distinguished

guests, what an honor it is to be with you today.
I want to thank President Jackson and Dean Herlene

Williams-Ancar for the opportunity to speak to such a

remarkable group of men and women.
In my role as a U.S. Congressman, I serve as a senior

Member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce,

as well as a member of the Caucus for Career and Technical

Education, so I am especially grateful to be here with you

today.
As a grateful father of four sons, I want to give a special

greeting to all the families here today.
My wife Roxanne and

I have had our fair share of graduations and know firsthand

how proud you are of your husbands and wives, sons and

daughters, and mothers and fathers.
What an exciting time for

you.
We are here today to congratulate and celebrate the more

than 70 members of this years' graduating class, who have put

in countless hours of hard work to reach their goals.
What an

esteemed group of students you are.
Your accomplishments speak for themselves, and you deserve

recognition for all the hard work you have put in to reach

this point.
You have sacrificed spending time with your

families and given up most of your free time to push yourself

and receive the certificate or diploma you are about to be

awarded.
Each of you has a different story as to how you came to

this precise moment.
Many of you may not have picked up a

textbook in years, yet jumped back into becoming a student,

all while managing the other aspects of your life.
Whether it

be working full-time to provide for yourself and your family

or trying your best to be a superstar parent or spouse, you

were able to juggle all these responsibilities and receive a

degree.
Just one of these tasks is a job all in its own, so

the dedication to your studies should be celebrated and

admired.
And your commitment to contributing to our workforce

is admirable.
As you well know, Southeastern College is a unique and

challenging place to learn.
The education you have received

in the fields of Diagnostic Medical Sonography, Medical

Assisting, Radiologic Technology, Surgical Technology,

Cosmetology, and Professional Clinical Massage Therapy have

prepared you for a new professional career ahead.
Because of the knowledge you have obtained during your time

here, you are now the best equipped to assist within the

profession you have chosen to benefit the lives of your

neighbors and community.
I am sure the hours spent reading quietly alone in a

library or surrounded by your noisy family at home have

satisfied a thirst you all share for knowledge, and they will

serve you as you head on to future endeavors.