It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor them

as they celebrate their centennial year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, on July 23 I regrettably missed the

following Roll Call votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted as

follows: No on Roll Call Vote 381, Boebert Amendment No.
7; No on Roll

Call Vote 382, Boebert Amendment No.
8; No on Roll Call Vote 383,

Boebert Amendment No.
9; No on Roll Call Vote 384, Boebert Amendment

No.
18; No on Roll Call Vote 385, Boebert Amendment No.
20, and No on

Roll Call Vote 386, Brecheen Amendment No.
23.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 25, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 30

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the findings and

recommendations of the Commission on the National

Defense Strategy.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Tourism, Trade, and Export Promotion

To hold hearings to examine rural export opportunities,

focusing on enabling rural businesses to grow at home

while competing abroad.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine tax tools for local economic

development.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine strategic competition with

the PRC, focusing on assessing U.S. competitiveness

beyond the Indo-Pacific.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Committee on the Judiciary, Committee on the Judiciary

To hold a joint hearing to examine the security failures

leading to the assassination attempt on former

President Trump.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine banning noncompete

agreements, focusing on benefits for workers,

businesses, and the economy.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Europe and Regional Security Cooperation

To hold hearings to examine the future of Europe.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold hearings to examine Senate procedures to confirm

nominees.
JULY 31

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine long-term economic benefits

and impacts from Federal infrastructure and public

transportation investment.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine the future of electric

vehicles.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider S. 4753, to reform leasing,

permitting, and judicial review for certain energy and

minerals projects.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 4755, to reauthorize

traumatic brain injury programs, an original bill

entitled, ``Older Americans Act Reauthorization Act'',

an original bill entitled, ``Autism Collaboration,

Accountability, Research, Education, and Support Act'',

and other pending calendar business.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law

To hold hearings to examine birth behind bars.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine understanding the potential

environmental impacts of the chemical 6PPD.