The education you have received

in the fields of Diagnostic Medical Sonography, Medical

Assisting, Radiologic Technology, Surgical Technology,

Cosmetology, and Professional Clinical Massage Therapy have

prepared you for a new professional career ahead.
Because of the knowledge you have obtained during your time

here, you are now the best equipped to assist within the

profession you have chosen to benefit the lives of your

neighbors and community.
I am sure the hours spent reading quietly alone in a

library or surrounded by your noisy family at home have

satisfied a thirst you all share for knowledge, and they will

serve you as you head on to future endeavors.
Your

accomplishments have allowed you to be far more knowledgeable

and will set you apart from others applying for jobs within

your field of choice.
In a National Teacher Appreciation Day Proclamation in

1988, former President Ronald Reagan stated that ``Education

is a lifelong process that benefits individuals and entire

communities and countries and helps lay the foundation of the

future.''
Over the course of your life, you have learned countless

lessons, many of which have been obtained through reading a

textbook, and others from your personal experiences.
The need for hard work will always be there and I encourage

you to never shy away from a tough challenge.
You have shown

what you can accomplish when you put your heart and mind to

doing something worthwhile.
So, each of you should be

extremely proud of your accomplishments.
You have worked hard to receive a wonderful education, so

be confident of your abilities and be optimistic as you meet

the future head on.
Our society faces many challenges right now, and politics

can seem more divided than ever, but I can tell you from my

own experience that there is no greater honor than service to

your community.
I want to thank President Jackson and the faculty again for

the honor of being with you today.
I want to thank the

families and friends for letting me share in the celebration

of these graduates.
And, of course, I want to thank you, the

Class of 2024 for the opportunity to be with you today.
I

wish you all the best in the years to come.
May God Bless.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRUMP RELIEF FOR FAMILIES

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, during the last three

years, Americans have endured the highest inflation in 40 years,

costing the average family $13,000 more a year to buy the basics.
Under President Donald Trump, inflation was 1.4 percent.
Since then,

costs have risen over 20 percent.
Families saw prices for Fourth of

July celebration staples skyrocket:

Ground beef was up 23 percent

Sodas up 22 percent

Hot dogs up 16 percent

Ice cream also up 16 percent . . .
just to name a few.
House Republicans and Donald Trump are committed to stopping reckless

spending and restoring fiscal responsibility.
Corrupt Judge Merchan has unintentionally re-elected Donald Trump and

removed Biden, clearly earning my invitation to the Trump Inauguration.
Unethical conduct backfires.
In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops as the Global War on Terrorism

continues.
We do not need new border laws; we need to enforce existing

laws.
Biden shamefully opens borders for dictators, as more 9/11

attacks across America are imminent, as repeatedly warned by the FBI.