She married her husband Alfonso in 1989 and had 3 amazing

children.
Her family was the center of her life--she was an amazing

mother that did whatever she could to be there for her children and

husband at every moment of their lives.
Aside from being an amazing mother and wife, Valles was also an

accomplished vocalist.
Known as the ``The Queen of Mariachi Music,''

she captured the attention of countless North Texas Fans, from singing

National Anthem at a Mavericks or Texas Rangers game to singing at

local weddings.
Her amazing voice led her to showcase her skills in

various productions.
She was cast in leading roles in ``The King and

I,'' as well as in independent productions like ``Fiestas de Mi

Tierra'' and Spanish movies such as ``Yo Soy El Hijo del Michoacano.''
Her vocal skills also landed her numerous opportunities to record

voice-overs and jingles for TV and Radio.
She additionally hosted

Channel 44's ``Happy Sunday's Variety Show'' and ``Salud Para Usted y

Su Familia.''
Valles gave back to the community in numerous other ways.
Norma's

vocals left such a deep impact that David Albert wanted to become her

mentor.
From that day on, they were a team that just kept on giving.
David brought her into the studio, and they went on to record nine

albums plus Si Se Puede CDS to help the Spanish community to learn

English.
He asked her to manage Casita Tex-Mex Bar & Grill, which she

later became the owner of and is still standing today.
Casita Tex-Mex

Bar & Grill had a love for veterans--from welcoming the troops at DFW

to now honoring veterans every First Tuesday of the month at Casita

Tex-Mex.
Valles also had worked at the Oak Cliff Chamber of Commerce

and spent her life involved in various organizations, ranging from the

Irving Hispanic Chamber, H100, North Dallas of Commerce, HWNT, Dallas

St. Patrick's Day parade, Dia De Los Muertos and so many more.
She also

remodeled and fixed up homes across North Texas, later starting her own

business and becoming General Contractor for her business NV

Contractors

Valles will be forever missed by loved ones.
She blessed the lives of

many and will continue to bless us with her music and businesses.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF BLACKS IN CRIMINAL JUSTICE'S 50TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

recognize the National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice

(NABCJ) on their 50th Anniversary.
The mission of the National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice

is to act upon the needs, concerns, and contributions of African

Americans and other people of color as they relate to the

administration of equal justice.
This milestone of NABCJ advancing

justice for 50 years signifies decades of positive change and a

commitment to criminal justice as a fundamental aspect of our

democracy.
At the heart of NABCJ is its dedicated members, who consist of

criminal justice professionals including those in law enforcement,

corrections, courts, social services', academia as well as religious

and community leaders.
They work diligently to research relevant

legislation and focus attention on improving law enforcement and our

criminal justice system through evidence-based policies.
Their strong

commitment to respect the dignity of all humans contributes to the

NABCJ's rich history of excellence and integrity.
The 400 Years African American History Commission, created by

Congress in 2017, has been heavily engaged with NABCJ through 11

student chapters of the organization at Historically Black Colleges and

Universities.
Additionally, the National Alliance of Faith and Justice,

first formed as a committee of the NABCJ, was founded and has

successfully grown over the last 20 years.
The establishment of these

relationships have helped pave the way for African Americans and other

people of color to receive equal justice under the law.