The 400 Years African American History Commission, created by

Congress in 2017, has been heavily engaged with NABCJ through 11

student chapters of the organization at Historically Black Colleges and

Universities.
Additionally, the National Alliance of Faith and Justice,

first formed as a committee of the NABCJ, was founded and has

successfully grown over the last 20 years.
The establishment of these

relationships have helped pave the way for African Americans and other

people of color to receive equal justice under the law.
The National Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice has a long

history of promoting evidence-based strategies that more effectively

address crime and keeping America's communities safe.
I was grateful

for NABCJ's support of my Youth Prison Reduction through Mentoring,

Intervention, Support and Education (Youth PROMISE) Act, which I first

introduced in 2007 to help communities develop and implement evidence-

based strategies to reduce youth violence and delinquency.
Provisions

Justice Reform Act of 2018, and it would not have been possible without

the work and support of organizations like NABCJ.
Mr. Speaker, NABCJ embodies what it means to fight for ``liberty and

justice for all.''
It is my pleasure to congratulate the National

Association of Blacks in Criminal Justice on the many hard-fought

battles won since its inception 50 years ago and wish the organization

many more years of success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE ODDO BROTHERS

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor the

lives of the Oddo brothers, 6 men who courageously served their country

as naval seamen following the outbreak of WWII.
Their father, Charles Oddo, was a Sicilian immigrant who settled in

Bellevue, Ohio with his wife Mary.
They raised their sons to

acknowledge the prestige and privilege of being American citizens.
Richard, William, Charles, Samuel, Carl, and James Oddo all faithfully

served their nation, and are believed to be the largest set of siblings

to serve in the U.S. Navy.
Thankfully, all 6 brothers returned home safely to start their lives

in their hometown after their honorable service, where the Oddo family

still gathers today.
Saturday, they will be honored with a plaque at

the Dr. Jackson Commemorative Plaque Wall within the Navy memorial.
More than 2 dozen family and friends will be in attendance to pay

tribute to their heroism.
Ohio salutes these exceptional men, who continued to serve their

families, neighbors, and communities throughout their lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE REVEREND DR.
GREGORY A. SUTTON

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding mentor, dedicated servant leader, faithful servant of God

and dear friend of longstanding, the Reverend Dr. Gregory A. Sutton.
Dr. Sutton will be honored for his 53 years of faithful service at

Jackson Memorial Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia, on Sunday, July

16, 2023, at 10:30 am.
Dr. Sutton was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
He was raised among great

educators, philosophers, and theologians.
Dr. Sutton was always

concerned about the welfare of others and used his voice to speak out

on pressing issues of the day.
He began to preach the Gospel at the

young age of 16.
This would lay the blueprint for his ministry and his

destiny--the boy, the preacher, the man, and the visionary.
Dr. Sutton began preaching the Gospel while he was still in high

school and accepted the calling to preach a growing church called

Jackson Memorial at the age of 18, where he has pastored for 53 years.
Through his leadership, the church has continued to expand its

membership and physical footprint.
Dr. Sutton has seen the expansion of

the church's membership to over 6,000 members and he has overseen the

construction of 2 new edifices for the church.
Dr. Sutton's ministry is

indeed a global ministry and reaches people where they are across the

world.