Through his leadership, the church has continued to expand its

membership and physical footprint.
Dr. Sutton has seen the expansion of

the church's membership to over 6,000 members and he has overseen the

construction of 2 new edifices for the church.
Dr. Sutton's ministry is

indeed a global ministry and reaches people where they are across the

world.
The scripture tells us in Proverbs, ``that the people perish where

there is no vision.''
Dr. Sutton is indeed a visionary and has used his

ministry to reach people beyond the church walls.
He has dedicated

himself to the awareness, protection, and spiritual development of

youth.
Dr. Sutton was the originator of the phrase, ``Stop the

Violence, Save the Youth.''
Cementing his commitment to young people

and their spiritual futures, Pastor Sutton was the first pastor in the

Atlanta area to open his church for prayer for students before school.
He also reaches out and incorporates the needs of his elderly

parishioners in his ministry.
Dr. Sutton has a complete ministry that

attempts to reach many different groups for Christ to include those

that are in prison, the homebound, the homeless, the low income and the

disenfranchised.
He uses his Weekly Television Broadcast, ``Now is the

Time,'' to reach those who would not otherwise be reachable.
Dr. George Washington Carver once said that ``How far you go in life

depends on your being tender with the young; compassionate with the

aged; sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the

strong, because someday in your life you will have been all of these.''
Dr. Sutton is acutely aware that for the Kingdom of God to be

manifested in this world, it is imperative that people from all walks

and that Jesus Loves them.
Dr. Sutton's ministry is truly a Matthew 25

type of ministry.
Even amid his various ministerial duties, Dr. Sutton finds time to

serve his community at large.
It has been said that ``Service is the

rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Dr.

Sutton has paid his rent and he has paid it well.
He serves on the

board of directors of many social and civic organizations to include

the Board of Ministers of Morehouse College.
Reverend Dr. Gregory Sutton has achieved much in life, but none of it

would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and

support of this wife, First Lady Gail Sutton; his children, Theresa,

Tony, Keisha, and

LaQuay; his 3 grandchildren and other family members.
join my wife, Vivian, and I; along with the more than 765,000 people of

Georgia's Second Congressional District in honoring and commending the

Reverend Dr. Gregory A. Sutton for 53 years of dedicated service to his

God, Jackson Memorial Baptist Church and humankind.
Moreover, we pray

God's continued blessings upon him, his ministry, and his family in the

weeks, months, and years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MICHAEL T. McCAUL

Mr. McCAUL.
Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No.
317, on Greene of Georgia

Amendment No.
48, I inadvertently voted ``Aye.''
On that vote, I

intended to vote ``No.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
JOHN HARRIS

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. John Harris for

his incredible contributions to the Central Valley and to wish him a

very happy 80th birthday.
A native of Five Points, Mr. Harris has dedicated his life to

California's agricultural industry.
Following his graduation from

Bullard High School, Mr. Harris earned a degree in Agricultural

Production from the University of California, Davis and served for 2

years as an artillery officer in the U.S. Army.
Mr. Harris returned to

his family farm where he would dedicate the next 5 decades to building

Harris Farms into one of the largest agribusinesses in the nation.