Title: CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT COMMANDER WESLEY BESSELL; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
121

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING LIEUTENANT COMMANDER WESLEY BESSELL

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wesley (Bob) Bessell

for being awarded the Congressional Gold Medal in recognition of his

service and bravery in the U.S. Merchant Marines during World War II.
Bob began his maritime career at the age of 15, as a member of the

crew of the Corsair, an impressive private yacht owned by the J.P.

Morgan family.
Shortly afterward, he enlisted in the U.S. Coast Guard,

and it was during his training that America entered World War II.
Upon

the completion of his training, Bob joined the U.S. Merchant Marines as

an Able-Bodied Seaman.
He served as a merchant mariner for more than 4\1/2\ years, which

included a deployment on the SS West Hardaway when it was sunk by a

torpedo from a German U-boat in 1942.
After the U-boat attack, Bob and

his fellow sailors took refuge in the small town of Porlamar on Isla de

Margarita in Venezuela.
The island's inhabitants, though facing their

own challenges, extended a warm welcome to the stranded crew, offering

them shelter, sustenance and a renewed sense of hope.
Bob forged bonds

of friendship with the local community, transcending language barriers

and cultural differences, and he recalls walking around the island like

a rockstar, always surrounded by 10 or 20 smiling faces.
In 1943, Bob completed Officer Candidate School and rose to the rank

of a lieutenant commander.
It was in the same year, on a mission to

deliver documents in Liverpool, England, that Bob met Susan, the

British love

of his life.
Bob still describes their chance encounter in a rainstorm

great detail.
Amid heavy rain, Susan stood illuminated by single a beam

of sunlight.
For 3 years, the couple communicated through letters,

finding peace in each other's presence amid the chaos of war.
Immediately after the war, Bob called Susan and proposed marriage.
They

were married in a Nissen hut outside the ruins of a bombed English

church in 1946.
They spent 72 wonderful years together and had three

children.
They now have 4 grandchildren and 7 great grandchildren.
Bob selflessly put his life on the on the line to defend America's

freedom during one of its most challenging periods.
President Roosevelt

famously referred to the Merchant Mariners' mission during World War II

as ``the most difficult and dangerous transportation job ever

undertaken.
It is my humble privilege to present Bob with the highest honor

bestowed by Congress, the Congressional Gold Medal.
This award is 1 of

numerous honors that Bob has received for his service, including the

Atlantic War Zone Medal, the Merchant Marine Combat Bar with Silver

Star device, and the World War II Victory Medal.
I congratulate Lieutenant Commander Bessell, on this well-deserved

recognition.
A grateful Nation thanks him for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF NORMA VALLES

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and honor the

life of Ms. Norma Valles, a vocalist, businesswoman, advocate, and

loving wife and mother from North Texas

Norma Valles was born in 1969 in Dallas, Texas, and graduated from

Grand Prairie High School in 1987, to then go on to pursue career and

family.
She married her husband Alfonso in 1989 and had 3 amazing

children.
Her family was the center of her life--she was an amazing

mother that did whatever she could to be there for her children and

husband at every moment of their lives.
Aside from being an amazing mother and wife, Valles was also an

accomplished vocalist.