A native of Five Points, Mr. Harris has dedicated his life to

California's agricultural industry.
Following his graduation from

Bullard High School, Mr. Harris earned a degree in Agricultural

Production from the University of California, Davis and served for 2

years as an artillery officer in the U.S. Army.
Mr. Harris returned to

his family farm where he would dedicate the next 5 decades to building

Harris Farms into one of the largest agribusinesses in the nation.
Mr.

Harris and his family's leadership in the agricultural industry spans

more than 100 years--a true testament to their commitment to their work

and community.
After his father Jack Harris' passing in 1981, John Harris became the

owner and Chief Executive Officer of Harris Farms.
Under the leadership

of his grandfather, father, and now Mr. Harris, Harris Farms has become

a staple of the Central Valley.
Under Mr. Harris' leadership, the

family operation has grown to span over 17,000 acres and produces a

wide variety of crops annually--including lettuce, onions, garlic,

almonds, pistachios, wine grapes, cotton, and citrus.
Perhaps the most

well-known undertaking by Mr. Harris throughout the Central Valley is

Harris Ranch Beef Company, California's largest fed cattle processor

that produces nearly 200 million pounds of beef a year.
In addition to its impressive ranch and farming operations, Harris

Farms has also become a popular destination for travelers and locals

alike with its restaurant, butcher shop, and hotel.
Mr. Harris is also

an accomplished horse breeder.
Harris Farms Horse Division has produced

numerous champions including Eclipse Award Horses of the Year

California Chrome and Tiznow.
Harris Farms has raised and campaigned

100s of top racehorses over the last 60 years.
Mr. Harris has played at

a most active role in the California and national racing scene, serving

multiple terms as the Chairman of the California Thoroughbred Breeders

Association, Chairman of the Bay Meadows Racing Association, as well as

being on the California Horse Racing Board for multiple terms, being

appointed by both Republican and Democratic Governors, and serving as

board chair for several terms.
He is also a member of The Jockey Club and has served as a Steward

there.
Mr. Harris represents the very best of the Central Valley.
He

has grown a small family operation into one of the largest farms not

only in California but the nation--all while providing high-quality

food products, creating thousands of jobs, and building a welcoming

community center for Valley residents.
Mr. Harris is also deeply

dedicated to his philanthropic work, having supported critical

organizations like the Boys and Girls Club, Boy Scouts of America, and

Community Medical Centers for decades.
His contributions to our

community will have a lasting impact for generations to come.
to join me in recognizing the tremendous contributions of Mr. John

Harris to our Central Valley community and wishing him a happy 80th

birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
ROBB LALLY

HON.
JUAN VARGAS

Mr. VARGAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to posthumously honor Mr. Robb

Lally, a dedicated public servant and volunteer for more than 35 years.
Robert (Robb) Lally entered the seminary at a young age and as a

deacon, served in a Catholic Parish.
After finishing seminary school,

Mr. Lally continued to help and aid those in need through his work with

the Franciscans at Arch Street, and later for the Salvation Army.
In 1988, Robb Lally headed to San Diego to work with the founder of

the Alpha Project, a non-profit human services organization that serves

over 4,000 men, women and children daily.
As director, he empowered

individuals, families and communities by providing work, recovery and

support services to those who were motivated to change their lives and

achieve self-sufficiency.
During his tenure, Robb was instrumental in

the overall mission and growth of the organization and had assisted

with over 1,000 apartment units that were preserved and created.