The right hon.
Gentleman could not be more wrong: we have record levels of employment, and we overtook France recently to become the eighth largest manufacturer in the world.
I would not expect him to join the dismal party opposite in talking this country down.
In truth, we are leading the world in tackling climate change, and we have created more jobs than at any time in British history.
Going forward into the 2030s, by harnessing more and more British low-carbon, renewable energy we will lower bills for families and increase our competitiveness.
As I have said, in a world that is increasingly recognising the need for action and seeking to introduce measures such as the carbon border adjustment mechanism—effectively, carbon taxes at the border—the UK is in pole position to grow from its already strong economic position into an even stronger one as a result of the net zero policies of this Government.
Across London and the south-east, many much-needed developments that are required for the increasing population have literally been frozen because of a lack of supply from the grid.
Nuclear power can provide the baseload; renewables are unreliable, and obviously gas is required at peak times in particular.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is all about topping up the grid at peak times, when people want to use electricity, because gas is the fastest way to bring a power station on to the grid and is also the fastest to shut down?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of all the work we are doing to speed up transmission.
We are halving the timeline from 12 to 14 years to seven, and the connections action plan has already moved forward connection dates for projects amounting to 40 GW.
We are putting in a lot of work across the piece.
This gas capability is there as a back-up, but the usage and the emissions resulting from it will fall precipitately over the next 10 years, and we can all celebrate that.
After their years of delaying meaningful investment in clean, cheaper, reliable renewable energy technologies such as tidal and long-duration pumped hydro storage, it is no surprise that the Government are now having to scramble to create new dirty gas-powered plants.
How much does the Department estimate the new plants will cost, where is it suggesting they should be built, and what does the Minister mean by carbon-capture-ready?
Does he mean carbon-capture-operational?
Hear, hear.
Do tell!
As I have said, further legislation will come forward in the not-too-distant future, and the hon.
Lady will be able to scrutinise it—but it is extraordinary that she should say of a country whose renewable energy generation has risen from less than 7% to approaching 50% that we have gone slow on renewables.
We have decarbonised our power system faster than any other major economy on the planet.
The reality denial that we hear from the Scottish National party is quite extraordinary.
The hon.
Lady highlighted tidal energy.
Well, guess which country in the world uses the most tidal energy.
The right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) , who is one of the greatest champions of tidal, could tell the hon.
Lady, if she is really so ignorant.
He is a fellow Scottish MP, and he could tell her that the UK has more tidal deployment than any other nation.
We are proud  of that, we are proud of the transformation, and it is about time the SNP and the Labour party stopped misleading the people and the House.