With your permission, Mr Speaker, I shall return to the House at a later date to provide details on how we intend to deliver redress for those who have their convictions  overturned by the Bill or via subsequent measures taken in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
We are discussing the details with the advisory board.
The Financial Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Worcestershire (Nigel Huddleston) , will introduce legislation to make any payments made via the new scheme exempt from tax.
Secondly, the Select Committee recommended that the Government introduce legally binding timeframes to deliver redress for sub-postmasters, with financial penalties for non-compliance.
I strongly support the Committee’s desire to speed up redress, but we feel that its proposed regime would have the opposite impact.
It would potentially mean imposing penalties on forensic accountants or others who are helping postmasters to prepare their claims.
Doing that would probably cause some of them to withdraw from this work, which would slow down the delivery of redress.
Furthermore, we do not want to be in the position of rushing postmasters into major decisions about their claims and the offers they receive, which would possibly mean that some are timed out of redress altogether.
The advisory board has said that its “strong view” is that “this would be a backward step”, which is why we passed legislation less than two months ago to remove the arbitrary deadline from the group litigation order scheme.
We do not want to reverse that change.
However, the Government are acting to ensure that redress is delivered as quickly as possible.
First, we are working with claimants’ lawyers to reduce the number of cases that require expert evidence—for example, from forensic accountants—or medical evidence, which delays claims.
We will pilot that approach and, assuming that the pilot succeeds, we hope to expand it rapidly.
Secondly, the advisory board and I have asked for monthly reports on each scheme.
They will come from schemes’ independent case managers, where such managers are in place.
We will publish the reports, which will give us the best basis on which to assess measures for speeding up redress.
Finally, we are introducing optional fixed-sum awards.
In January, the Government announced that they would offer an optional fixed-sum award of £75,000 to those in the group litigation order scheme.
As of  5 March , 110 offers have been accepted, and over 100 people have taken the £75,000 fixed payment.
Of those who have accepted the fixed payment, three quarters are new claimants, so the fixed offer has already meant that over 100 claims have been resolved promptly.
In some cases, those people will have got more than they would have asked for.
The fixed offer has also had a helpful effect on other claims, because it substantially reduces work on small claims by claimants’ lawyers, making more resource available to progress larger claims more quickly.
I am pleased to announce today that the £75,000 fixed-sum award offer will now be extended to the Horizon shortfall scheme, to ensure that everyone is treated fairly across all the schemes.
Those who have already settled their claim below £75,000 will be offered a top-up to bring their total redress to that amount; over 2,000 postmasters will benefit quickly from this announcement.
We are mindful that claims are not being submitted to the GLO scheme as swiftly as we would like.
We have already announced the optional fixed-sum award of  £75,000, but to ensure that we get help to claimants more quickly, I can announce today that anyone who chooses not to take that offer, and instead submits a full claim for individual assessment, will have their interim payment topped up to £50,000 straight away.
Many postmasters’ lives have been ruined by the Horizon scandal, and we are working hard to deliver redress.
We have set up the Williams inquiry, which will discover the truth.
We will provide fair financial redress as promptly as we can, and we will exonerate those who were so unjustly convicted of crimes that they did not commit.
I commend this statement to the House.