My right hon.
Friend rightly mentioned the threats posed by the Houthis and by Russia in Ukraine.
I know that he will be proud of the role that the United Kingdom is playing in both those situations.
We are respected and valued by our allies.
Most importantly, we on the Government side of the House will do whatever it takes to keep our country safe.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to make a statement on the Government’s plan to build new gas-fired power stations.
The second consultation of the review of electricity market arrangements was launched yesterday.
It sets out the choices that we need to make to deliver a fully decarbonised electricity system by 2035.
Since 2010, the Government have reduced emissions from power by 65% and thus made the UK the first major economy in the world to halve emissions overall.
We have built record volumes of renewables, from less than 7% of electricity supply in 2010 to nearly 50% today, allowing us to remove coal altogether by October this year.
Our success in growing renewables is the reason we need flexible back-up for when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine.
Our main source of flexible power today is unabated gas.
More than half of our 15 GW of combined-cycle gas turbines could be retired by 2035.
Meanwhile, electricity demand is set to increase as heat, transport and industry are electrified.
We must ensure that we have sufficient sources of flexibility in place to guarantee security of supply.
We need up to 55 GW of short-duration flexibility and between 30 and 50 GW of long-duration flexibility.
Our aim is for as much of that capacity as possible to be low carbon.
While low-carbon technologies scale up, we will extend the life of our existing gas assets, but a limited amount of new build gas capacity will also be required in the short term to replace expiring plants as it is the only mature technology capable of providing sustained flexible capacity.
We remain committed to delivering a fully decarbonised electricity supply by 2035, subject to security of supply, and we expect most new gas capacity to be built net zero-ready.
The Government have committed £20 billion to carbon capture, usage and storage, and are developing comprehensive support for hydrogen.
In the future, unabated gas plants will run for only a limited number of hours a year, so emissions will be entirely in line with our legally binding carbon budgets.
I am a bit tired of this Government shunning any scrutiny of their climate record and instead relying on a past record, because while the UK may indeed be the first major economy to cut its territorial emissions by half since 1990, we are not on track to achieve our 2030 targets, and if we factor in consumption emissions, the UK has cut emissions by only 23%.
So let’s have a little less complacency from the Minister.
He will know that the Government’s announcement on new gas-fired power stations does in fact, contrary to what he claimed, risk undermining our climate targets and leaving the country reliant on imports of expensive gas.
Members should have been given the opportunity to question the Minister on its implications for the decarbonisation of the UK’s energy system by 2035, with 95% of UK electricity being low carbon by 2030.
First, why was the statement not made in Parliament?
Why was it made instead at Chatham House, where Members were not able to question the Minister on the impact of this decision?
Secondly, will the Minister  explain how this proposal differs from the functioning of the existing capacity market, or will he admit that it is just the Government’s latest attempt to stoke a culture war on climate?
Thirdly, the Climate Change Committee is clear that no new unabated gas plants should be built after 2030, so what is the Government’s timeline for developing these new gas-fired power stations?
I asked the Minister about this yesterday in the Environmental Audit Committee; I did not get a response.
I also asked him what is being done to ensure that these gas plants are zero carbon by 2035; that was not set out either in the Secretary of State’s speech yesterday or by the Minister today.
The Minister did tell the Environmental Audit Committee that the plants would be required to be both carbon capture and storage-ready and hydrogen-ready.
That does not amount to a meaningful plan, so will he please give us more than his thus far unevidenced words of assurance, and will he explain what the Government’s plan is to support the development of batteries and long-term storage technologies and to drive innovation so that we can get off volatile gas for good?
It is rather odd to be asked about the ability to scrutinise this, when yesterday was the launch of a consultation that will go on for some time and, as the hon.
Lady knows, I was in front of the Select Committee yesterday.
It is rather strange that she should highlight that point.
The hon.
Lady is confused, as she often is, because she is so political.
She would appear to set politics always ahead of climate.
She struggles to recognise that that United Nations framework convention on climate change rules are about territorial emissions—countries own the emissions in the territory where they take place.
Her numbers on embedded emissions are wrong, but she does not care about that; she just carries on with a political diatribe against the Government, who have done more than any other in any major economy on this Earth to decarbonise their economy.
And we have done it not as the hon.
Lady would have us do it—by being reduced to living in yurts—but while growing the economy by 82%.
It is people like the hon.
Lady who make people on my side of the Chamber at times think that we are perhaps engaged in some form of madness; we are not, but she doesn’t half make it sound like we are.
Can these new gas plants be consistent with the Government’s commitment to decarbonise the power sector by 2035?
Our published net zero scenarios for the power sector—I invite the hon.
Lady to read them—show that building new gas capacity is consistent with decarbonising electricity by 2035.
From those scenarios we expect that, even with new gas capacity, rather than the 38% of electricity generation which in 2022 came from gas, that figure will be down to 1% by 2035—or, if we follow the scenario set out by the Climate Change Committee, perhaps 2%.
We are going to have that as a back-up.
It is sensible insurance; it is about keeping the lights on while we carry on the remarkable transformation this Government have achieved in moving from the appalling legacy of the Labour party of less than 7% of electricity coming from renewables to nearly 50% today.
The announcement on gas-fired power stations is extremely welcome, but at the moment a kilowatt-hour of electricity  in the UK costs 44 cents, against 17 cents in the US and 8 cents in both China and India.
We have become fundamentally uncompetitive because of this green obsession.
We want cheap electricity and we should have gas and we should have coal, and we should postpone net zero indefinitely because we are only 1% of global emissions.
We are making no difference, and the US economy is growing consistently faster than ours because of cheap energy.
This is a good first step against the net zero obsession.
We need to go further.
I would chide my right hon.
Friend with the science and evidence that are emerging all the time.
There is a climate challenge and emergency, which is why we are looking to reduce our emissions.
He is quite right to challenge that by saying, “We are less than 1% of global emissions, so how does this make sense?”
That is why we hosted COP26 and got the rest of the world to commit to following us.
We are bringing in the carbon border adjustment mechanism from 2027 precisely to ensure that we create an economically rational system that supports jobs in this country, while meeting the climate challenge that needs to be met.