The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 13 March.
The Post Office IT scandal is one of the greatest miscarriages in our nation’s history.
I am determined that the victims get the justice and redress they deserve.
Today, we are introducing legislation to quash convictions resulting from this scandal.
The Department for Business and Trade will be responsible for the new redress scheme, and we are widening access to the optional £75,000 payment.
Hundreds of innocent sub-postmasters have fought long and hard for justice.
With this Bill, we will deliver it.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Despite serious opposition from the Archbishop of Canterbury, three former Home Secretaries and three Government advisers on antisemitism, social cohesion and political violence, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities is due to widen the definition of extremism tomorrow.
While Members on the Government Benches peddle far-right conspiracy theories about Islamists and Muslims taking over Britain, should the Prime Minister’s priority not be to get his own house in order and to stamp out extremism, racism and Islamophobia in the Conservative party?
Will the Prime Minister finally take Islamophobia seriously and agree to the definition?
Discrimination has no place in our society.
It is important to distinguish between strongly felt political debate on one hand and unacceptable acts of abuse, intimidation and violence on the other.
I urge the hon.
Gentleman to wait for the details of the strategy.
It is a sensitive matter, but it is one we must tackle because there has been rise in extremists who are trying to hijack our democracy.
That must be confronted.
He talks about peddling conspiracy theories; I would just point him in the direction of the previous Labour candidate in Rochdale.
Armed forces personnel who serve their country for 15 years are eligible for the medal for long service and good conduct.
Similar medals are in place for those who make a career serving in the police, the fire service, the ambulance service and the coastguard.
As I learned on a recent visit to Royal Bournemouth Hospital, where I met the dedicated staff, no such accolade is in place for the NHS.
Will the Prime Minister support my campaign to see whether that anomaly can be corrected, so the nation can formally recognise those who devote much of their working lives in the NHS to helping others?
My right hon.
Friend is right that our incredible NHS staff deserve our utmost thanks for their service.
I am pleased that many NHS organisations, as he knows, have their own schemes in place to do that.
We also recognise outstanding NHS staff through our honours system, and MPs are able to acknowledge their work through the NHS parliamentary awards.
Nominations remain open and I encourage colleagues to avail themselves of that scheme.
I will make sure that my right hon.
Friend gets to meet the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, to discuss his specific proposals further.