I agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of hydrogen.
Where I disagree with him is that, having seen the projects in hydrogen allocation round 1—eight projects, I think—I do not think there is any indication that we are slipping behind.
The truth is that the whole world needs to do this, because everyone’s analysis, from the International Energy Agency to the Climate Change Committee to my own Department, suggests that hydrogen and carbon capture are necessary to bring about the decarbonised system we seek.
He is absolutely right on the importance of hydrogen.
He can expect more developments, because this country is leading on that, as it is on CCUS.
I have a great deal of respect for the Minister and his knowledge of the subject, and the fact that he, like most of us in this Chamber, recognises the need to cut carbon.
I am sure he is not one of those who, like the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset, would follow the flat earthers.
But clearly, a great deal of trust and reliance is being put on carbon capture and storage, and on hydrogen.
Both are still quite new technologies.
We have talked about this stuff for 25 years.
The Minister seemingly forgets that this Government have been in power for the  past 14 years and we are still not off the blocks on hydrogen and carbon capture and storage.
Is it not the case that the Government are taking this position because it is a nod and a wink to the gas and oil industries whose support they will probably need before the election this year, and that this is part of the whole agenda of placating the right wing of his own party?
I was with the hon.
Gentleman nearly all the way.
He is right: the whole world is looking at carbon capture and hydrogen, because that is what the science says.
Everybody who analyses it says that we need it bur that it is not yet at a great level of maturity.
Just as in so many other areas, this country is leading the way.
We have cut emissions more than anyone else.
He knows the dire legacy left by his party in 2010, with less than 7% of electricity from renewables, which was just appalling, and the real danger if we go back to that.
That is why we have gas power as a back-up, so that we have a completely sound system.
We will seek to deliver a decarbonised system by 2035.
The biggest risk to that would be if the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North were to come in and start to mess with a system that has lifted us from the back to the front of climate leadership.
That is the real danger, and that is what we need to avoid.
Will my right hon.
Friend stop by South Derbyshire, specifically the Willington site, which already has planning permission for a new gas power station, and cut the ribbon when it opens?
We want spades in the ground, so I welcome the announcement.
I invite him to come and have a look at that site, which is ready to go.
I agree with my hon.
Friend and I applaud those who are investing in our system.
We have made ourselves one of the most investable countries in the world for clean energy.
Gas has an important part to play in that balance, and with the development of carbon capture and hydrogen there is every opportunity for such assets to have an even longer life in a green fashion.
I would love to come and see my hon.
Friend.
Oil and gas are the energy sources of the past, and we need an intermittent energy source.
Gas power plants are not intermittent.
They sit there, and then because there is too much renewable energy it is shut off, and gas—the carbon energy—continues to flow.
That is the reality of today: we are wasting renewable energy.
The Government do not recognise that reality, and do not respond to it.
My question is this, however.
How many times have Ministers met representatives of the oil and gas industry, and how does that compare with the number of meetings with representatives of the renewables industry?
As so often—the hon.
Lady does it spectacularly well—she is completely and utterly wrong.
Renewables are turned off, as she would say, because of constraints within the system, and gas is turned on because the system could not cope otherwise.
That is why we have the transmission acceleration action plan and the connections action plan.
[Interruption.]
Every time we try to build out the infrastructure,  the hon.
Member for Angus (Dave Doogan)  opposes it.
He says that he and the Scottish National party want to be a friend of the renewables industry and Scottish jobs, but then he opposes the infrastructure that is required for it.
What about my question?
I meet representatives of the oil and gas industry a lot, because the truth is that even given our world leadership—and we have cut emissions by more than any other major economy on the planet—75% of our primary energy today is still from oil and gas.
We will still be dependent on oil and gas in 2050, when we are at net zero.
That is why it is so crazy that the Opposition parties, including that of the hon.
Lady, believe in opposing licences when we are actually dependent on the product.
All that ending licences would do is lead to the loss of British jobs and the import of higher-emission products from abroad.
I really do hope that Opposition Members will think a bit more deeply and we can hear some common sense.
I hear it in the Corridors from Back Benchers, but from the Front Benchers and the hon.
Lady I hear nothing but nonsense.