The impact of the Conservatives’ cost of living crisis on people in north Wales has been exacerbated by their dither and delay on new nuclear at Wylfa.
The previous project, which Ministers abandoned in 2019, could have been 50% completed by now, and would have created up to 8,500 jobs.
Some 900 permanent jobs would also be well on the way, adding a total of almost £400 million a year to the local economy in wages.
What does the Secretary of State say to people across north Wales who are still looking for good jobs because of his Government’s failures?
The last Labour Government certainly did not build any nuclear power stations.
The UK Conservative Government are getting on with Hinkley, and we are sorting out small modular reactors.
There is a process going on, in which six companies with an SMR model will be reduced to two, and one will be selected by the end of the year.
We have provided £160 million to buy the Wylfa site.
That will ensure that there is a nuclear industry in Wales—a result of the policies of this Conservative Government.
It is a stark admission of the Government’s failure that the Secretary of State boasts, after 14 years in government and doing absolutely nothing for five years, of acquiring a site at Wylfa.
His Government’s inaction has cost people money, and still does.
In nine years, all but one of our current reactors will be offline, which will weaken our energy mix, risk higher prices, and again leave us vulnerable to energy tyrants such as Putin.
Will the Secretary of State make an explicit commitment today to backing new nuclear in places such as Wylfa, as Labour has done, in order to unlock jobs, investment and cheaper bills—issues that his party has ignored for so long?
Or is this another never-ending Tory fiasco, like High Speed 2?
The last Labour Government were not in the least bit supportive of nuclear.
What this Conservative Government have done for energy is increase to 50% the amount of electricity that comes from renewables.
We are the first advanced economy to halve our carbon dioxide emissions, and we are pushing forward with floating offshore wind and SMRs.
All we get for business from the Welsh Labour Government is a block on new roads being built, 20 mph speed limits, and legislation to charge people for driving to work.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the spring Budget 2024 on businesses in Wales.
The UK Government are backing our small businesses by raising the VAT threshold, delivering tax reliefs for the creative industries and investing in high-growth industries, such as advanced manufacturing.
That is in stark contrast to the Welsh Labour Government’s anti-business agenda; Wales has some of the highest business rates in the whole United Kingdom.
It is interesting that  the hon.
Member for Cardiff Central (Jo Stevens)  thinks that having the highest business rates in the United Kingdom is funny.
Sadly, pubs and restaurants are closing at a faster rate in Wales than in any other part of the UK.
The measures in the Budget that the Secretary of State mentioned will bring some relief, but does he agree that what is pushing many of these businesses to the wall right now is Welsh Labour’s slashing of business rates support?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
The UK Government have made sure that pubs and other small hospitality businesses receive a 75% discount on their business rates.
In Wales, that policy has been absolutely slashed, meaning that pubs and small businesses pay thousands of pounds more under the Welsh Labour Government.
That is an absolute disgrace.
May I return the Secretary of State to the issue of the Rhondda tunnel?
The Chancellor of the Exchequer doled out bits and pieces of money to the constituencies of various Members of Parliament on the Tory at-risk register, but he did not allocate any money to the Rhondda tunnel, despite the Secretary of State having told me personally in the Chamber that we should apply for money from the levelling-up fund.
That is all gone, hasn’t it?
So where should we now apply for money for the Rhondda tunnel?
There have been three rounds of levelling-up funding.
The hon.
Gentleman should know that there are growth deals across the length and breadth of Wales, covering every single constituency; that there are special projects being backed in areas such as Newport; and that there is an investment zone and a freeport in Port Talbot.
Constituencies the length and breadth of Wales have benefited from the many projects that this Government have put forward.
I appreciate his concern for that project in his constituency, and I suggest that he might look at shared prosperity fund money in future.
My right hon.
Friend is well aware that the Chancellor has extended business rate relief at the rate of 75% here in England, but of course the Welsh Government are refusing to pass that money on to small businesses in Barry and Cowbridge in my constituency.
Does he not think it completely unfair that a business in Bristol or Cornwall will pay a lot less in business rates than a business in Barry or Cowbridge?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
It is extraordinary that the Welsh Labour Government, who are receiving this funding in order to support small businesses in Wales, are failing to pass it on.
As a result, the average pub in Wales will pay more than £2,000 more in business rates than a pub in England.
The Welsh Labour Government must do more to support small businesses in Wales.