I begin by wishing Ramadan Mubarak to Muslims across these isles.
The Conservative party has accepted a £10 million donation from an individual who has said that one of our parliamentary colleagues in this Chamber “should be shot.”
Why is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom putting money before morals?
As I have said, the comments were wrong, the gentleman in question has apologised for them and that remorse should be accepted.
This is complete rubbish.
The gentleman in question apologised for “being rude”.
He was not rude; he was racist, odious and downright bloody dangerous.
On Monday, No. 10 said that we have “seen an unacceptable rise in extremist activity, which is seeking to divide our society and hijack our democratic institutions.”
Is not the extremism that we should all be worried about the views of those Tory donors we have read about this week?
No, there has actually been a rise in extremist activity that is seeking to hijack our democratic institutions.
It is important that we have the tools to tackle this threat.
That is what the extremism strategy will do.
I urge the hon.
Gentleman to wait for the Communities Secretary to release the details.
Sub-post-masters across the country will welcome the Government’s announcement today on the introduction of legislation to overturn wrongful convictions.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure the House that the legislation will be passed as quickly as possible and that we will support all sub- postmasters right across our United Kingdom?
I pay tribute to all postmasters who have campaigned tirelessly for justice, including those who tragically will not see the justice that they deserve.
Today’s legislation marks an important step in finally clearing their names.
Across the House, we owe it to them to progress the legislation as soon as possible, before the summer recess, so that we can deliver the justice that they have fought for.
We continue to work with our counterparts in Scotland and Northern Ireland as they develop their plans, but regardless of where and how convictions are quashed, redress will be paid to the victims across the whole of our United Kingdom on exactly the same basis.
The future of children’s cancer services in my constituency, and across south-west London, Surrey, Sussex and beyond, will be decided by NHS England tomorrow.
The existing service is world leading and has saved the lives of countless children.
Many of us who have engaged with the consultation process feel that the wrong decision is about to be made, ignoring risks to children’s cancer care by moving them to the Evelina London Children’s Hospital.
If the Evelina is chosen tomorrow, will the Prime Minister intervene personally to delay any final decision until he has met me and concerned MPs from across the House so that he can prevent the risks to our children’s cancer services?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, decisions about clinical provision are rightly made by clinicians in local areas across the country.
More generally, we are investing in more oncologists, radiologists and community diagnostic centres, which is contributing to cancer treatment being at record levels, but I will of course ensure that he and colleagues get a meeting with the Secretary of State.
Radical Islamists pose a serious threat to our nation’s security.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister that we must urgently address that, but reports that the Government wish to broaden the definition of extremism are concerning, because in separating the definition of extremism from actual violence and harm, we may criminalise people with a wide range of legitimate views and have a chilling effect on free speech.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure me that, instead of trying to police people’s thoughts and speech—as Opposition Members clearly wish to do—the Government will target specific groups that foster terrorism and those who fund them?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
That is why the strategy, which I urge her to wait for, will be one that she can support.
It is our duty to ensure that the Government have the tools to tackle the threat that she rightly identifies and highlights.
This is absolutely not about silencing those with private and peaceful beliefs, and nor will it impact free speech, which we on this side of the House will always strive to protect.
Children deserve the right to breathe clean air, but many schools are in areas with high levels of air pollution.
Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has announced a pilot   for 200 of London’s most impacted schools to access air quality filters so that children can breathe clean air in their classrooms.
Does the Prime Minister support that pilot, and will he implement similar measures across our country?
I am pleased that the latest published figures show that air pollution has reduced significantly since 2010, partly due to our legally binding targets to reduce concentrations.
They will continue to reduce over the following years.
On top of that, we have also provided almost £1 billion to help local authorities across the country to implement local plans to reduce nitrogen dioxide and to ensure that we can help those impacted by those plans.
I understand that the latest scheme being considered is to pay migrants thousands of pounds to leave Britain.
Let us just leave the European convention on human rights and deport them for free.
So far, more than 40,000 Brits have signed my petition with the Conservative Post calling for us to leave the ECHR.
Will the Prime Minister commit to leaving the ECHR or, at the very least, have it in our manifesto to have a referendum and let Britain decide?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must do everything we can to secure our borders and ensure that those who come here illegally do not have the ability to stay.
That is why our Rwanda scheme and legislation are so important.
As I have said repeatedly and will happily say to her again, I will not let a foreign court block our ability to send people to Rwanda when the time comes.
The National Theatre’s production “Nye”, which stars Michael Sheen, celebrates at its end the transformational increase in life expectancy since the founding of the NHS.
However, University College London findings indicate that austerity policies between 2010 and 2019 are responsible for a three-year setback in life expectancy progress.
Does the Prime Minister, or the Leader of the Opposition for that matter, think that public services can withstand an extra £20 billion of cuts?
First, I am pleased that the National Theatre received significant funding from the Chancellor in the recent Budget to support its fantastic work across the UK.
However, I am surprised to hear the right hon.
Lady raise the NHS, when her party is propping up the Welsh Labour Government, who have absolutely the worst NHS performance of any part of the United Kingdom.
May I thank my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister for meeting me six weeks ago to discuss the plight of victims of covid-19 vaccine damage?
Following that discussion, and his very sympathetic response during the GB News “People’s Forum” to Mr John Watt, who is himself a victim of covid-19 vaccine damage, will the Government be supporting my Covid-19 Vaccine Damage Payments Bill this Friday?