Thank you, Mr Speaker.
This “Budget will do nothing to deliver a better future for retailers and their customers.”
Those are the words of the British Retail Consortium, whose members face 45,000 incidents of theft and 1,300 incidents of violence and abuse every day.
To help keep our Welsh high streets safe, we Labour Members want to fund an extra 13,000 police officers and police community support officers, and extra measures to deal with offenders.
Why are the Government failing to tackle the epidemic of shoplifting and its victims, and to take it seriously?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise this important issue for retailers, but I remind her that the UK Government have provided for an extra 20,000 police officers across the whole United Kingdom.
We have repeatedly brought forward legislation to increase prison sentences and punishments for offenders, but that legislation has often been voted against by members of her political party.
This Government pledged £1 billion to electrify the north Wales main line.
We all know that that £1 billion is an uncosted number pulled out of the air.
We also now know that phase 1 goes no further than Llandudno.
How can the Secretary of State explain that to the people living in Ynys Môn and Gwynedd?
Talk of rail electrification just means more of the same for us: slow trains, cancelled services and empty election promises.
The UK Government have already shown a commitment to transport in Wales, spending £390 million on improved rail infrastructure over the last control period.
In addition to that, there has been the south Wales metro, which is part of a UK Government-Welsh Government joint-funded growth deal.
The Prime Minister was very clear about our commitment to the electrification of the north Wales rail line, and that commitment stands.
The Tory leader in the Senedd opposes moves to tackle the effects of excessive numbers of holiday homes in our communities.
He goes on about “anti-tourism, and anti-English policies being imposed on the Welsh tourism industry”.
Now that the Tory Westminster Government are abolishing tax breaks for holiday lets, would the Secretary of State claim that his Chancellor is anti-tourism?
I would not.
My friend in the Senedd has spoken out repeatedly about the Welsh Labour Government’s plans for an overnight tourism tax, which will have a detrimental impact on tourism businesses across Wales.
The hon.
Lady’s party is in partnership with the Welsh Labour Government, and if she really wants to support the Welsh tourism industry, I suggest she tells it that her Members will vote  against Welsh Labour’s Budget, to prevent that tax from coming in.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Welsh Government on electricity transmission and distribution policy.
The Government are committed to transforming our electricity network to reach our energy security and net zero ambitions.
We recently announced an ambitious electricity network package that will reduce consumer bills, bring forward £90 billion of investment over the next 10 years and allow us to harness Wales’s renewable resources, such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Pylon developments for  electricity transmission and distribution purposes are very controversial in the communities that are expected to host them.
I have four such potential developments in my constituency, and the whole of Carmarthenshire is in uproar.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to commission a study on technologies such as cable ploughing, which allow undergrounding and have a comparable cost to pylons?
I understand the concerns that have been raised in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
He has discussed this with me previously, and is championing his constituents’ concerns.
The information that I have been given is that laying cables underground would cost five to seven times more, but I hear what he is saying.
If he has a presentation or something that he can forward to me, I would be delighted to make sure that officials in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero see it.
On the subject of transmission and distribution policy, is my right hon.
Friend aware that the Senedd has decided to ban GB News?
What is his policy on that?
There may be a small electricity saving, but it is very disappointing that the Welsh Labour Government are preventing a perfectly legitimate viewpoint from being heard by Members of the Senedd, who would do well to listen to people who do not always agree with everything they say.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the adequacy of healthcare services in Wales.
As my hon.
Friend knows, healthcare is devolved to the Welsh Government, who have received record funding to deliver on their devolved responsibilities.
They receive 20% more funding per person than is received for comparable services in England.
Despite that extra money, more than 24,000 patients in Wales have been waiting more than two years for treatment.
The number of people waiting more than two years for treatment in England, which has roughly 20 times the population, is around 200.
Last month, fewer than half of red calls were answered by the ambulance service in Labour’s Wales within the necessary eight minutes.
That is the Leader of the Opposition’s blueprint for government.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, instead of campaigning for more politicians in Wales, Labour should focus on delivering the health services that the people of Wales thoroughly deserve?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I had to make a 999 call for an ambulance for my father-in-law at 11 o’clock one morning, and it arrived at 4 o’clock the following morning.
My father-in-law then had to wait for another six hours in the back of an ambulance outside an accident and emergency unit.
The Welsh Labour Government had built industrial fans in the ambulance bays to waft away the diesel fumes.
That is totally unacceptable.
They are cutting the NHS budget in Wales by around £65 million, yet they can find £120 million extra for more politicians in Cardiff Bay.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the right hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , has announced an extra £200 million of spending for dentistry.
I have repeatedly asked her whether that is in the English budget or additional, in which case it would produce a Barnett consequential, but all she could say, repeatedly, is that it was additional.
Can the Secretary of State for Wales tell me whether the extra £200 million for dentistry in England will produce about £10 million extra for Wales, or will it produce nothing at all?
Perhaps he does not know, either.
As a result of the Budget, around £170 million extra will go to Wales.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that Wales receives around 20% extra to deliver healthcare, and it is therefore absolutely appalling that the Welsh Labour Government are unable to deliver the same services that are supplied in England.
It is interesting; Labour claims to be the party of the national health  service, but where are Labour Members?
They are not standing to ask a supplementary to this question, because they are ashamed of the healthcare that they have delivered in Wales.
Let this not become a blueprint for the rest of the United Kingdom.
A 90-year-old constituent of mine spent 31 hours in the back of an ambulance outside the Wrexham Maelor Hospital waiting to be seen.
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board, which serves north Wales, is responsible for 80% of the preventable deaths in Wales.
Does the Minister agree that the Welsh Labour Government, who run the NHS there, are putting lives at risk?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise concerns about the level of healthcare being provided to her constituents.
Shockingly, when the independent commissioners at the Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board raised serious concerns about more than £100 million being misspent, the Welsh Labour Health Minister called them in and sacked them.
No wonder we are not getting the right level of healthcare in Wales.