The Secretary of State and other Tory MPs bring up a litany of health issues in Wales, but Barnett consequentials are a result of health spending and need in England.
Have the UK Government ever made any spending decisions on need in Wales, such as in health, and then funded England, Scotland and Northern Ireland as a consequence of Welsh need?
He might find that a strange question, because UK decisions are always made on the basis of England’s need and other people get money as a consequence, which is why Wales is never going to catch Ireland for as long as Wales is in the UK and not independent.
Is that not so?
The Holtham review looked at what Welsh needs were and calculated that Wales needed an extra 15%.
The UK Conservative Government then provided Wales with an extra 20%.
The question still stands: why have thousands of people in Wales been waiting for more than two years for treatment, given that the Welsh Labour Government have been given more money than they need to properly fund the health service in Wales?
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the Independent Commission’s final report on the constitutional future of Wales.
The not very independent commission was set up by Welsh Labour Ministers and reports to them, but it was paid for by Welsh taxpayers.
Its report was entirely in line with all the predictions I made: it contained more constitutional navel gazing and more calls for more powers, and nothing at all to address the problems that have been inflicted on Wales by the Welsh Labour Government.
It is deeply concerning that a so-called “independent” commission described Welsh independence as “viable”, despite the fact that the vast majority of people in Wales support remaining part of the Union.
Of course, there is a difference between something that might be viable and something that is best.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that independence for Wales would be hugely damaging to the Welsh economy and public services, and that any further exploration of this idea must be immediately ruled out by the Labour Welsh Government?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend; it is hugely concerning that the Welsh Labour Government were even willing to consider independence for Wales with this commission.
They should be sorting out the longest NHS waiting lists in the UK and doing something about the fact that we have the lowest educational standards and some of the highest business rates in the UK.
As a result of the last bit of legislation, we also have some of the slowest speed limits in the UK.
It is time the Welsh Labour Government addressed the real priorities of the people in Wales with the powers they already have.
Is the reality not that the Conservative party never wanted devolution in Wales or Scotland in the first place, which is why it does not want to see powers extended to either the Senedd or the Scottish Parliament?
I campaigned against the Senedd in the first place, but I was perfectly happy to accept the results of the referendum.
I suggest that Scottish National party Members ought similarly to respect the results of independence referendums, be they about independence from the UK or independence from the European Union.
What recent discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on support for farmers in Wales.
The recent protests by farmers across the whole of Wales, including outside the Senedd, show the huge anger there is about the proposals for the Welsh Labour Government’s so-called “sustainable farming scheme”.
One of the best ways we can support Welsh farmers is by choosing to buy British products.
That is good for the environment, as it reduces food miles, and for our food security, as we support our farmers.
Will the Secretary of State congratulate Morrisons, Aldi, Sainsbury’s and now Ocado, which have all signed up to my campaign to have a “buy British” button online so that consumers can easily find British produce?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend about buying British, although I might go one step further and suggest we buy Welsh food, wherever possible.
That will be a lot more difficult if Labour implement its plans to bury 10% of Welsh agricultural land under trees and to bury another 10% under ponds.
That will increase food miles, decrease food security and destroy prime agricultural land in Wales.
The Welsh Labour Government need to think again.
The best way to support farmers in Wales, Northern Ireland, Scotland and England is to buy British.
Does the Minister agree that we should all work together, across all this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to promote farming everywhere?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Let us encourage everyone to buy British and ensure we use as much of our land as possible for growing food, not covering it in trees.
It is particularly hypocritical for the Welsh Government to tell farmers they have to plant trees on their land when the Welsh Labour Government are responsible for thousands of acres of forest.
They are chopping down 850,000 tonnes of trees every year and even putting some of them into the boiler that heats up the Senedd—not that many trees are probably required to add to the hot air in there.