The Prime Minister stood outside Downing Street and said that he wanted to root out hate and extremism, yet shamefully it took him more than 24 hours to finally say that the remarks by the Tories’ biggest donor that looking at the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) makes you “want to hate all black women” were indeed racist.
In November, the Prime Minister accepted a non-cash donation to the tune of £15,000 from Frank Hester for the use of his helicopter, so will he reimburse him—yes or no?
No, Mr Speaker.
I am pleased that the gentleman is supporting a party that represents one of the most diverse Governments in this country’s history, led by this country’s first British Asian Prime Minister.
I look forward to voting later today for a tax cut for thousands of my constituents; a national insurance tax cut that will mean £900 off the tax bill of thousands of my constituents.
After listening to the rhetoric from the Leader of the Opposition today, does the Prime Minister expect that the main Opposition party will vote against this afternoon’s tax cuts?
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent question, because while Conservative Members believe in a country where hard work is rewarded and people can keep more of their hard-earned money—which is why we are cutting their taxes by an average of £900 each—we hear consistently from Labour Members that they not only disagree with that approach, but continue to cling to unfunded spending promises that would put taxes up.
Also, just yesterday the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) , described our plan to end the double taxation on work as “morally abhorrent”.
That is the contrast between us and them: Labour will put your taxes up, and the Conservatives will keep cutting them.
Many of his Back Benchers—and now, it seems, the Prime Minister himself—have taken to referring to the European Court of Human Rights as a foreign court, as if there is something inherently wrong with things being foreign, or people being foreign.
In what way can a court that the UK has belonged to since 1953, and which has an Irish president and a UK justice with an LLB from the University of Dundee, be considered foreign?
The House needs to hear the Prime Minister commit today to the UK’s continued membership of a court and convention that have protected our rights and freedoms for over 70 years.
When it comes to the issue of tackling illegal migration, when Parliament expresses a clear view on what it believes should happen and supports that with legislation, and when we believe that we are acting in accordance with all our international obligations, I have been very clear that I will not let a foreign court stop us from sending illegal migrants to Rwanda.
That is the right policy and, in fact, the only way to ensure the security of our borders and end the unfairness of illegal migration.
As a general election is not merely an expression of opinion but a serious choice, does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is only one potential party of government that has the will, the inclination and the determination to stop mass illegal and legal migration, and that is the Conservative party?
Let us unite our movement and do that.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend entirely.
We know this because not only has the Leader of the Opposition opposed the scheme, but he has been clear that even when the scheme is implemented and working, he would still scrap it.
That tells us everything we need to know: on this issue, Labour’s values are simply not those of the British people.
There is only one party that is going to stop the boats: the Conservative party.
On this Conservative Government’s watch, Thames Water has dumped over 72 billion litres of sewage into London’s rivers, all while racking up multi-billion-pound debts, and it is now reported that Thames Water could go bust any day.
Despite this, the Government are still refusing to publish their contingency plans for the collapse of our country’s biggest water firm.
Does the Prime Minister believe that Thames Water will still exist by the end of the year—yes or no?
It would not be right for me to comment on individual companies, but what I can say is that our ambitious storm overflow reduction plan is backed by £60 billion of capital investment.
We now monitor every single storm overflow across England, and we have legislated to introduce unlimited penalties on water companies that breach their obligations.
The independent regulator and the Environment Agency have the powers they need to hold water companies, wherever they are, to account.
Later this year, a new digital EU border system will come in, yet key changes that are required and key details have still not been decided by the EU.
Urgent decisions are needed on additional funding and preparation to keep Dover clear and traffic moving through Kent.
Can my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister assure me that this issue is being taken seriously at the highest levels of Government, and that funding and support will be made available to keep Dover clear, support the residents of Dover and Deal—and Kent—and secure our vital cross-channel trade and tourism?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue, and I assure her that it is being discussed at the highest levels of Government between UK Ministers  and our EU and French counterparts to make sure that we have practical and constructive solutions that will ease the flow of traffic in the way that she describes and benefit her local community.
One hundred and fifty eight days, and there is no  peace and no justice.
There is no food, no clean water, no sanitation and no medical aid.
There are just no words left, as disease is spreading and the death toll is rising, not least among children—the victims of these atrocities.
It is evident that the Prime Minister’s plan is not working, so will he change track for the sake of these children and so many more, and work to secure  a bilateral, immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hamas?
I have said repeatedly that we are incredibly concerned about the growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
Too many civilians have lost their lives, and nowhere near enough aid is getting through.
In contrast to what the hon.
Lady said, actually the UK is playing a leading role in alleviating that suffering.
Just recently, we increased the amount of aid this year to £100 million.
Just today, 150 tonnes of UK aid is due to arrive in Gaza, and a full field hospital, flown from Manchester to the middle east last week, will arrive in Gaza in the coming days, staffed by UK and local medics to provide lifesaving care.
We are doing absolutely everything we can, working with our allies, to bring much-needed aid to the people of Gaza.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the maternity team at the Royal Cornwall Hospital at Treliske in my Truro and Falmouth constituency for all the outstanding work they have done to improve maternity services over the last few years?
Their sheer hard work, along with the coming new women and children’s hospital, means that there are no midwifery vacancies in Cornwall, which I think he will agree is a fantastic achievement.