What a cluster—it is unbelievable that we are in this situation.
In the Secretary of State’s letter to Members today, she said that the Government are taking steps to make sure the lights stay on.
That is the legacy of 14 years of the Conservatives in charge of energy.
Uncomfortably, I find myself in agreement with  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) .
This is a significant  departure, and one we should be alarmed about.
Where is the Government’s precious nuclear baseload now?
Where is the exemplar of CCUS working at the necessary scale, from which the Government are taking inspiration?
Would it not have been an elegant solution to have unabated gas winding down at the same time as battery storage and long-duration pump storage was winding up?
We cannot have that, because the Government have dragged their feet on both things.
What does the Minister say to people who are having infrastructure for transmission put throughout their communities and are being told to suck it up because that is what we need to get gas out the system, when the same Government are now building gas-fired power stations?
The hon.
Gentleman, who is supposed to lead on this subject for his party, should have listened to what I said earlier.
In 2022, 38% of generation came from gas.
By the mid-2030s, it will be 1% or 2%.
Why are we having it?
To balance the renewables we are growing, particularly in Scotland, and support Scottish jobs.
Of course if we put generation in Scotland when the demand is in the south, we have to provide connecting infrastructure.
Previous generations had to wire up the UK to become the rich and prosperous country we are today.
We need to do it again now.
We are working with local communities, listening to their voices and making sure they are not misled by people who come up with such nonsense as the hon.
Gentleman just did.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his refreshingly clear articulation of our strong record in this area, both in the House today and in the media yesterday.
Obviously, security of supply must come first.
How will the plans incentivise investment in back-up gas-fired power stations, while minimising costs to consumers, which is also very important?