May I welcome the legislation on the Post Office scandal?
Mr Speaker, this week we lost the formidable Tommy McAvoy, who served his hometown of Rutherglen and the Labour Government with loyalty and good humour.
We send our deepest sympathies to his wife, Eleanor, and their family.
We also learnt that  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  will be taking her well-deserved retirement.
She has served this House and her constituents with a real sense of duty, and her unwavering commitment to ending modern slavery is commended by all of us.
We thank her for her service.
Is the Prime Minister proud to be bankrolled by someone using racist and misogynous language when he said that  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) “makes you want to hate all black women”?
The alleged comments were wrong, they were racist, and he has now—[Interruption.]
As I said, the comments were wrong and they were racist.
He has rightly apologised for them and that remorse should be accepted.
There is no place for racism in Britain, and the Government that I lead is living proof of that.
Mr Speaker, the man bankrolling the Prime Minister also said that the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington should be shot.
How low would he have to sink, what racist, woman-hating threat of violence would he have to make, before the Prime Minister plucked up the courage to hand back the £10 million that he has taken from him?
As I said, the gentleman apologised genuinely for his comments, and that remorse should be accepted.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks  about language.
He might want to reflect on the double standards of his deputy Leader calling her opponent “scum”, the shadow Foreign Secretary comparing Conservatives to Nazis, and the man whom he wanted to make Chancellor talking about “lynching” a female Minister.
His silence on that speaks volumes.
The difference is that the Prime Minister is scared of his party; I have changed my party—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister invited himself into everyone’s living room at 6 o’clock on a Friday evening.
No one asked him to give that speech; he chose to do it.
He chose to anoint himself as the great healer and pose as some kind of unifier, but when the man bankrolling his election says that the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington should be shot, he suddenly finds himself tongue-tied, shrinking in sophistry, hoping he can deflect for long enough that we will all go away.
What does the Prime Minister think it was about the hundreds of millions of pounds of NHS contracts given to Frank Hester by his Government that first attracted him to giving £10 million to the Tory party in the first place?
Mr Speaker, I am absolutely not going to take any lectures from somebody who chose to represent the antisemitic terrorist group, Hizb ut-Tahrir, who chose to serve a Leader of the Opposition who let antisemitism run rife in this Labour party.
Those are his actions, those are his values, and that is how he should be judged.
The problem is that the Prime Minister is describing a Labour party that no longer exists; I am describing a man who is bankrolling the Conservatives’ upcoming general election.
[Interruption.]
They can shout all they like.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister marched them out like fools to defend Islamophobia, and now  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  is warming up the Opposition Benches for them.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister sent them out to play down racism and misogyny until he was forced to change course.
He will not hand the money back.
He will not comment on how convenient it is that a man handed huge NHS contracts by his Government is now his party’s biggest donor.
You have to wonder what the point is of a Prime Minister who cannot lead and a party that cannot govern.
Mr Speaker, national insurance contributions fund state pensions and the NHS, so is the Prime Minister’s latest unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance going to be paid for by cuts to state pensions or cuts to the NHS?
I am glad that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman has brought up the Budget; it is about time that he spoke about his plans, because what have we heard from the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury—[Interruption.]
Order.
I call the Prime Minister.
The shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury has confirmed that the Labour party will not be sticking to the Conservative Government’s spending plans, so we now have a litany of unfunded promises on the NHS, mental health, dentistry and breakfast clubs.
That does not even include the £28 billion 2030 eco-pledge that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is still committed to.
We all know that while we are cutting taxes, Labour’s unfunded promises mean higher taxes for working Britons.
No, the Labour party will not be sticking to the Prime Minister’s completely unfunded £46 billion promise.
He thinks that he can trick people into believing that simply shaking the Tory magic money tree will bring it into existence.
Let us be clear: 80% of national insurance is spent on social security and pensions; 20% is spent on the NHS.
He is either cutting pensions or the NHS, or he will have to raise other taxes or borrowing.
Which is it, Prime Minister?
I know that it is not the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s strong point, but if he actually listened to the Chancellor last week, he would have heard that NHS spending is going up.
It is a plan that is backed by the NHS chief executive officer, who says that we are giving her what she needs.
At the same time, we are responsibly cutting taxes for millions of people in work, with the average worker benefiting from a £900 tax cut.
What I am hearing from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is that he is against our plans to cut national insurance.
We have the highest tax burden since the second world war.
I did listen to the Chancellor: £46 billion of unfunded commitments.
The Conservatives tried that under the last Administration, and everybody else is paying the price.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister promised to crack down on those spreading hate.
Today, he has shrunk at the first challenge.
Last week, he promised fantasy tax cuts.
Now he is pretending that it can all be paid for with no impact on pensions or the NHS.
All we need now is an especially hardy lettuce and it could be 2022 all over again.
Is it any wonder that he is too scared to call an election, when the public can see that the only way to protect their country, their pension and their NHS from the madness of this Tory party is by voting Labour?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about pensions.
Pensions are going up by around £900 this year.
It is this Government who have protected the triple lock for the last 10 years.
He talks about supporting working people.
It is this Government who are cutting taxes for every single person in work.
It is this Government who are investing in the NHS.
All we have from him is a £28 billion unfunded promise.
I had a look at “Make Britain a Clean Energy Superpower”.
It is all there.
He is still stuck to it, Mr Speaker, and if you look through it carefully, there is billions in spending that he has already committed to for Scotland, and billions for Wales.
There is actually money for north London too, I notice.
The problem is that none of it is funded, so why does he not come clean and tell us that under his plans the British people’s taxes are going up?
Millions of people around the UK and Europe have been inspired by the brilliance of Six Nations rugby.
Premier league clubs like Gloucester Rugby, which were funded during the pandemic through loans authorised by the Prime Minister, the then Chancellor, have always been grateful for being kept solvent, but he will know that some clubs’ finances are fragile, and that the current loan repayment schemes could be crippling.
Will he ask the Sports Minister, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew), and the Treasury to try to find a solution, so that taxpayers’ interests are protected, and all of us can go on being inspired by top-class rugby for years to come?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we stepped in with a £150 million financial lifeline to ensure the survival of premiership rugby league clubs during the pandemic.
I am told that the Department for Culture, Media and Sport is working with Sport England, as the agent, to talk to borrowers with concerns about their loan agreements—any that have concerns should contact Sport England in the normal way.
I can also proudly tell him that we are talking to the Rugby Football Union and the premiership league to secure the future not just of rugby union, but of his local Gloucester rugby.