Bill also played four-years of collegiate tennis

and was a professional tennis instructor prior to attending law school.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VASILOFF FAMILY FOR THEIR DEVOTION TO VETERANS

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor a Livingston County,

Michigan, family that has quietly, and without fanfare, devoted

themselves over the past decade to the service of their community,

their Nation, and veterans in need.
Kathy and Steve Vasiloff of Green Oak Township have long enjoyed

throwing parties in their lakeside home, making their backyard a

popular gathering place for friends, family, and neighbors.
But when

their son David joined the United States Marine Corps in 2007, those

parties took on a different tone: sending him off and welcoming him

home from training, and then from multiple deployments to Iraq and

Afghanistan.
Hit twice by improvised explosive devices during his tours of duty,

David came home in 2011 a changed man, and as a result, his family

changed direction as well.
Seeking to honor their son's service, and

the stories he told of his brothers and sisters in arms, many of whom

did not come home, the Vasiloff family decided to combine their love of

throwing parties with a purpose.
Ten years ago they opened up their

home for a summer soiree, this time asking for donations for wounded

veterans, and raised an impressive $3,000 in one evening.
The next

summer, the party grew, and so did the funds raised.
And so a tradition

was born, one that has blossomed into an annual extravaganza featuring

live music, raffles, gift baskets, hundreds of attendees, and tens of

thousands of dollars in donations for the Fallen and Wounded Soldiers

Fund, a Michigan non-profit supporting injured servicemen and the

families of heroes in our state.
In fact, over the decade the Vasiloff

family has been holding these fundraisers, they've become the largest

private donors to the organization, with total donations closing in on

$200,000.
Planning and holding a fundraiser of this magnitude is a huge team

effort, and a major undertaking for the Vasiloffs.
As such, the

Vasiloff family has decided that 2023 will be their final event.
But it

certainly won't be the end of their service.
David, the proud Marine

who helped inspire the fundraisers, continues to inspire, serve, and

protect his hometown community of Green Oak Township, where he is now a

police officer.
And Kathy and Steve will never stop supporting the

brave men and women like their son who come home with visible and

invisible scars of war, as well as the service families whose lives are

forever shattered by loss.
Service to one's country takes many forms, and that includes

contributing to our collective goal of moving toward a more perfect

union.
Mr. Speaker, the Vasiloff family has never sought praise or

publicity for their efforts, instead directing all attention to the

cause so close to their hearts.
But as they prepare for their tenth and

final summer event, I thank them for their faithful service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOUNT SALEM AMERICAN BAPTIST CHURCH CELEBRATES 151 YEARS

HON.
MICHAEL CLOUD

Mr. CLOUD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Mount Salem

American Baptist Church on its remarkable 151st anniversary this year.
This amazing milestone is a true testament to God's grace toward his

people, as well as the unwavering faith, fellowship, and dedication of

the congregation and its leaders throughout the years.
Founded in 1872, the church began in Indianola as the Mount Salem

American Baptist Free Mission Church.
Soon after its founding, the

church was sadly hit by 2 major hurricanes in 1875 and 1886, destroying

the church's building.
Yet with faith in God's providence, the

congregation endured and continued the ministry.