THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to extend my warmest

congratulations on the occasion of Mr. Joseph ``Joe'' Sheridan's

retirement from Wakefern Food Corporation based in Keasbey, New Jersey.
Joe's impressive 47-year career with Wakefern has been nothing short

of remarkable, and his dedication to the company's success has been

truly exemplary.
Throughout his tenure as President, he has displayed

exceptional leadership, vision, and a commitment to excellence.
Under his guidance, Wakefern Food Corporation has thrived, becoming a

pillar in the food retail industry and a source of pride for the

community.
His contributions to Wakefern and the broader business community have

not gone unnoticed.
He has left an indelible mark on the industry,

inspiring countless individuals with his passion and determination.
His

commitment to fostering a positive work environment and promoting the

well-being of Wakefern employees is truly commendable.
I have had the privilege of witnessing firsthand the positive impact

Wakefern has had on New Jersey, and I can attribute much of that

success to Joe's steadfast leadership.
His dedication to the company's

values and principles has set a high standard for the industry to

follow.
As Joe transitions into retirement, I do not doubt that his legacy

will endure, and his guidance will continue to be an inspiration to

those who have had the honor of working alongside him.
His exceptional

leadership and integrity have earned him the respect and admiration of

colleagues, business partners, and the community at large.
On behalf of the constituents of New Jersey's 7th Congressional

District, please accept my sincerest congratulations once again.
May

his retirement be tilled with joy, good health, and the opportunity to

enjoy special times with your loved ones.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OFFICER JAMES HUTCHINS' CAREER OF SERVICE

HON.
MIKE GARCIA

Mr. GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

retirement and commend the service of Officer James Hutchins, who has

honorably served with the Los Angeles Police Department for 35 years.
For nearly his entire life, Officer Hutchins has consistently and

bravely put his life on the line in service of our Nation and in

defense of our communities, and is now taking his well-deserved

retirement to spend time with his loving family.
Officer Hutchins first began his career of service by enlisting in

the United States Army in 1984.
Serving for 4 years, he received an

honorable discharge as an Airborne Ranger.
It was at this time, in 1988

that he graduated from the LAPD Training Academy and joined the force,

accruing time and experience in the Van Nuys, Pacific, and Venice Beach

divisions.
By 1995, Officer Hutchins became a Los Angeles motorcycle officer

assigned to the Central Traffic Division, and quickly set himself apart

for his dedication and professionalism.
Upon returning to the Valley

Traffic Division later that year, Officer Hutchins became a mentor to

his fellow motorcycle officers, a legacy carried until his retirement

as ``Most Senior Motor Cop in the City'', He additionally earned a

Police Star in 2005 for bravely evacuating Los Angeles residents during

a catastrophic fire.
This commendation was just one of over 200

accolades accrued over the course of his 35 years of service, marking

his end of watch in June 2023.
I cannot commend Officer Hutchins enough for his service to

California's 27th Congressional District and the City of Los Angeles.
We thank him for his tireless work to keep our community safe, and wish

him the best in his retirement and the opportunity to spend more time

with friends and loved ones, as is certainly deserved after such a long

and successful career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF MORSE MANUFACTURING COMPANY, INC.
HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.