From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF MORSE MANUFACTURING COMPANY, INC.
HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Morse

Manufacturing Company, Inc. as it celebrates its 100th Anniversary this

year.
Morse Manufacturing was incorporated on August 15, 1923.
It was first

located at 402 S. Franklin Street in the City of Syracuse, New York,

and then quickly relocated to Dickerson Street.
Ralph Andrews joined

Morse Manufacturing in 1943, developed a product to safely handle

drums, and purchased the company from the founder in 1948.
In 1953 the

company was moved to East Syracuse.
Robert Andrews, son of Ralph Andrews, joined Morse Manufacturing in

1969.
Robert continued to grow and enhance a product offering to safely

handle drums that was initiated by his father, and also expanded the

building several times at the East Syracuse location.
Nathan Andrews, grandson of Ralph Andrews, joined Morse Manufacturing

in 2002 and continued the family tradition of commitment and dedication

through developing new international distribution and modernizing the

operations at a new facility in the Town of Salina in 2019.
Today, Morse Manufacturing offers the most extensive line of high-

quality drum handling equipment anywhere in the world and markets its

products through an elite worldwide dealer network.
The longstanding

success of Morse Manufacturing is largely because of the quality of its

employees.
It has provided hundreds of employees and their families

with careers and job security over its history.
Morse Manufacturing and

its employees have continued to give back to the Central New York

Community through volunteer work and contributions.
Morse Manufacturing takes pride in sourcing as much as possible from

local suppliers with long established relationships.
This makes Morse

Manufacturing a net revenue generator for the Central New York Economy,

bringing revenues from products sold around the country and world to

spend locally through wages, taxes, and local suppliers.
On behalf of New York's 22nd Congressional District, I would like to

congratulate Morse Manufacturing on the occasion of its 100th

Anniversary.
I wish them continued success for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARINE CORPS LEAGUE

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the 100th

Anniversary of the Marine Corps League.
The Congressionally Chartered

Veteran Service Organization over the past century has been critical in

the care and welfare of our military, its Veterans, and their families.
The Marine Corps League was established in 1923 by World War I hero,

then Commandant of the Marine Corps Maj.
Gen. John A. Lejeune.
On

August 4, 1937, it was Congressionally Chartered by the 75th Congress

of the United States and signed and approved by President Franklin D.

Roosevelt.
The Marine Corps League provides millions of hours annually in

service to the community, represents thousands of Veterans in cases

with the Department of Veterans Affairs, performs tens of thousands of

funeral honors annually for our passing Veterans, and provides millions

and Marine Corps Reserves.
This volunteer work directly and positively

impacts force readiness for the Marine Corps Reserves allowing

additional focus on training and preparation.
As a retired Lt.
General and the former Commander of the U.S. Marine

Corps Reserves and Marine Forces North, I deeply understand the

importance of strong and battle-ready reserve units and will continue

to support their mission here in Congress.
The work of the Marine Corps

League and the impact of their advocacy on behalf of our

servicemembers, Veterans, and their families cannot be overstated.
It is an honor to recognize the Marine Corps League for 100 years of

service to our country.
I look forward to assisting in fulfilling their

mission to support our Servicemen and women.
Please join me in

congratulating the Marine Corps League for this historic achievement.