It is an honor to recognize the Marine Corps League for 100 years of

service to our country.
I look forward to assisting in fulfilling their

mission to support our Servicemen and women.
Please join me in

congratulating the Marine Corps League for this historic achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE YOUGHIOGHENY RIVER LAKE

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the

Youghiogheny River Lake on its 75th anniversary.
Located in

Pennsylvania's Fayette and Somerset Counties, the lake provides flood

protection for the upper Ohio River and the Youghiogheny and lower

Monongahela River Valleys.
The flood control reservoir was authorized by the Flood Control Act

of 1938.
Since its completion in 1943, the dam is estimated to have

saved more than $569 million by preventing upstream flood damage.
The benefits of the Youghiogheny River Lake don't stop there.
Alongside its support staff, the lake also alleviates pollution,

improves water quality, and enhances the navigability of nearby rivers.
A hydroelectric plant along the dam generates enough power for

approximately 8,000 homes per year.
Visitors can camp, fish, swim, picnic, and boat on the Youghiogheny

River Lake.
The Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission regularly stocks

the lake with trout and operates a boat launch along the shoreline.
The

Youghiogheny Outflow Campground offers a nearby camping experience that

allows even more visitors to enjoy the lake's beautiful scenery and

recreational opportunities.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Pennsylvania's 14th

Congressional District, I congratulate the Youghiogheny River Lake on

its 75th anniversary.
I thank the staff, volunteers, and community

members who support

the lake's success, and I look forward to seeing their continued

dedication to the community over the next 75 years.