Founded in 1872, the church began in Indianola as the Mount Salem

American Baptist Free Mission Church.
Soon after its founding, the

church was sadly hit by 2 major hurricanes in 1875 and 1886, destroying

the church's building.
Yet with faith in God's providence, the

congregation endured and continued the ministry.
Led by Reverend Robert

Greer, 20 church members moved to Victoria, bringing with them the

pulpit, bell, and some of the salvaged lumber from the original church

building to start anew--where the congregation reestablished and

pressed forward in the mission.
With that perseverance came God's

guidance and blessing.
The church continued to grow over the years and

was eventually renamed as Mount Salem American Baptist Church in 1939.
In 1962, the church moved to another new building, where they still

prominently display the original bell and pulpit used by the founding

members.
To this day, Mount Salem American Baptist Church has touched

countless lives in the Victoria community through its selfless acts of

service.
Through outreach programs, compassionate ministries, and

social initiatives, the church has been a steadfast advocate for the

greater community, serving their neighbors for over a century.
But more than any building, program, or person, Mount Salem's

anniversary milestone is a testament to God's enduring faithfulness

toward his people.
Through both triumph and trial, it is clear that the

Lord has provided the path and made clear His purpose.
Mr. Speaker, congratulations to Mount Salem American Baptist Church

on this incredible day.
May God continue to bless and keep them in the

days and years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
GABE VASQUEZ

Mr. VASQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, during Roll Call Vote No.
323 on H.R. 2670,

I mistakenly recorded my vote as No when I should have voted Yea.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MASTER GUNNERY SERGEANT SCOTT STALKER FOR HIS SERVICE TO

THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Master Gunnery Sergeant

Scott Howard Stalker of the United States Marine Corps for his

extraordinary dedication to duty and service to our Nation.
After 31

years of service to the United States Marine Corps, Master Gunnery

Sergeant Scott Stalker is retiring from active service culminating as

the Command Senior Enlisted Leader of United States Space Command.
A native of Lebanon, New Hampshire, Master Gunnery Sergeant Stalker

earned the title ``Marine'' on January 20, 1993.
As a Command Senior

Enlisted Leader, in addition to his current assignment, he has serviced

for the Defense Intelligence Agency, United States Cyber Command, the

National Security Agency, and as the Intelligence Chief for Marine

Corps Forces Special Operations Command.
He has completed a total of 5 combat deployments to Somalia (1) and

Iraq (4), and several deployments to Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos as an

assistant team leader for the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command.
Master Gunnery Sergeant Stalker earned his B.A. in Intelligence

Studies from American Military University, and his M.S. in

Cybersecurity from American Public University.
He also attended

certificate programs at Harvard Kennedy School of Government and John

Hopkins University.
Mr. Speaker, Master Gunnery Sergeant Scott Stalker has dedicated his

life to the service of our Nation and to the United States Marine

Corps.
On behalf of a grateful Nation, it is my honor to recognize the

selfless sacrifice of ``Team Stalker,'' his wife Malerie, and their

children, Olivia, Grace, and Scarlett.
I wish them the very best in

this next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
JOSEPH SHERIDAN

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to extend my warmest

congratulations on the occasion of Mr. Joseph ``Joe'' Sheridan's

retirement from Wakefern Food Corporation based in Keasbey, New Jersey.