Title: EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS SUPPORTING THE STATE OF ISRAEL; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
128

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS SUPPORTING THE STATE OF ISRAEL

speech of

HON.
JOSH GOTTHEIMER

Mr. GOTTHEIMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this

resolution expressing the sense of Congress Supporting the State of

Israel.
As the only vibrant, progressive, and inclusive democracy in the

Middle East, Israel is a beacon of hope--a country where pluralism

flourishes.
Efforts to delegitimize the Jewish State and claims that

the country has abandoned the democratic principles on which it was

founded are unfair and false.
In Israel, Arab parties serve in the

Knesset, women serve at the highest levels of the military, and the

country remains an oasis for LGBTQ+ people in a region hostile toward

the community.
The U.S.-Israel alliance is strong for a reason.
Our nations were

founded on these shared values, and those ideals keep our partnership

ironclad to this day.
Israeli security is critical to America's national security.
Our

bilateral defense and intelligence cooperation makes our two countries

safer and plays a key role in the global fight against terror, I am

proud to champion this relationship in Congress.
We have no better

partner in the region than the State of Israel and I will remain

committed to ensuring that Israel has the resources it needs to defend

itself.
I have traveled to Israel twice this year alone, alongside Democrats

and Republicans, and have many times visited the country to meet with

senior level officials and civil society leaders.
Each time I am

reminded of the resolve and passion of the Israeli people.
I am also

reminded of the importance of the Jewish State.
The United States was the first country to recognize Israel's

independence 75 years ago, just eleven minutes after its founding.
It

has since become the ``Start Up Nation'', a leader in high-tech,

sustainability, and innovation.
The United States has stood with Israel

every step of the way.
Over the last 75 years, bipartisan support for the U.S.-Israel

relationship has proven vital to protecting our national security,

fighting terror, and intelligence collaboration.
I look forward to celebrating Israel's next 75 years, and furthering

the vital U.S.-Israel relationship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF BILL ROCKWOOD, JR.
TO FLORIDA'S NINTH

CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT AND THE OFFICE OF REPRESENTATIVE DARREN SOTO

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, today we recognize Bill Rockwood, Jr. for his

contributions to Florida's Ninth Congressional District as the office's

Deputy Legislative Director.
During his time in the office, Bill also

served as the Executive Director of the Future Forum.
As part of Team Soto, Bill originated and drafted a variety of bills,

amendments, and appropriations requests with a particular focus on

issues related to technology, finance, and the environment.
Bill worked

on seven bills that passed the House of Representatives, including

three that were signed into law; he worked on 25 amendments that passed

the House of Representatives, including 13 that were signed into law;

and worked on over 200 report language requests and programmatic

funding requests that were included in the final FY18-FY23

appropriation packages.
Bill is a graduate of Rollins College with an undergraduate degree in

philosophy, the Crummer School of Business Administration with a

Masters of Business Administration, and the Georgetown University Law

Center

with a Juris Doctorate and a Masters of Laws (LL.M.) in Securities and

Financial Regulation.
Bill also played four-years of collegiate tennis

and was a professional tennis instructor prior to attending law school.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VASILOFF FAMILY FOR THEIR DEVOTION TO VETERANS

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.