Mr. PANETTA.
Mr. Speaker, I have the distinct honor and privilege of representing California's 19th Congressional District and on behalf of all the residents of the Central Coast, I would like to commend to my colleagues' attention to the 50th Anniversary of Monterey-Salinas Transit District (MST) for providing mobility services to the residents The Monterey Peninsula Public Transit System Joint Powers Agency was formed by the cities of Carmel, Del Rey Oaks, Monterey, Pacific Grove, Seaside, and Monterey County on October 1, 1972, and began providing service on September 26, 1973.
As the predecessor of Monterey-Salinas Transit, it served the Monterey Peninsula area, and later expanded to provide service to the cities of Marina, Salinas, and Watsonville.
With the formation of the Monterey-Salinas Transit District on July 1, 2010, MST has served as much as one-fifth of the coastline of California from San Jose in the north to Paso Robles in the south at 1,300 bus stops in 25 communities throughout Monterey, Santa Cruz, Santa Clara, and San Luis Obispo Counties.
Through the foresight of the MST board members and the ongoing support of the federal government, transit service in the Monterey Bay region is consistently at the forefront of technology and innovation, with annual ridership reaching as high as 5 million passengers on traditional fixed-route buses as well as Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) paratransit minibus service for disabled customers, the popular MST Trolley system for visitors, ``MST OnCall'' demand response services in south Monterey County, and the JAZZ Bus Rapid Transit system.
In 2014, with 73 percent voter support, MST became the first public agency in Monterey County to pass a countywide local funding initiative known as Measure Q to support the mobility needs of veterans, seniors, and persons with disabilities.
MST was also the first transit operator in the country to finance and construct a bus operations and maintenance facility utilizing the federal Build America Bureau--Rural Initiative program, and the first transit operator to implement an open-loop, contactless payment system that provides discounted fares to eligible customers.
Now for the second half of its first century of operation, MST is moving forward with a slate of new projects and initiatives to support their vision of connecting communities, creating opportunity and being kind to our planet.
These include the implementation of the Better Bus Network, the outcome of a yearlong planning effort that will provide the residents of Monterey County with faster, more direct connections to work, school, shopping and medical appointments.
The proposed MST SURF!
Busway and Bus Rapid Transit will extend the existing JAZZ BRT system 6.5 miles north from Sand City to Marina utilizing bus-only lanes and zero emission vehicles to improving access and opportunities for connections to jobs on the Monterey Peninsula, recreational activities and easy access to educational opportunities including nearby California State University, Monterey Bay.
Finally, MST is putting rolling stock and infrastructure in place today that includes enroute inductive charging stations, designing micro-grid technologies, and procuring battery electric buses as it moves to transition to a fleet of 162 buses to planet-friendly 100 percent zero-emission buses powered from renewable sources.
In addition, MST is at the forefront of forging partnerships with local stakeholders to expand public transit options throughout the community.
This past year, MST celebrated 30 years of partnership with the City of Monterey and Monterey Bay Aquarium in providing fast, fun, and free transit services to visitors and residents alike reducing visitor related traffic congestion, lowering greenhouse gas emissions, and reducing microplastics from vehicles traveling adjacent to the Monterey Bay Marine Sanctuary.
MST's partnerships also extend to local colleges, with a EcoSmart Pass program with California State University-Monterey Bay Hartnell Community College, and Monterey Peninsula Colleges, discount pass programs available to all Monterey County school districts.