Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, alongside my esteemed colleagues Senators Mike Crapo and Jim Risch, to recognize the committed staff at the Idaho National Laboratory (INL) Site's Integrated Waste Treatment Unit (IWTU).
In the face of many challenges, the employees who supported IWTU demonstrated professionalism, expertise, dedication to the mission, and exemplified the spirit of American innovation.
IWTU engineers, scientists, crafts specialists, plant operators, and administration professionals always believed they could overcome the challenges of this first-of-a-kind radioactive liquid waste treatment facility.
Following its construction from 2007 to 2011, the IWTU underwent testing of its steam-reforming process, which was chosen to solidify 900,000 gallons of liquid sodium-bearing waste from an underground tank farm.
This waste was generated during the INL's spent nuclear fuel reprocessing mission during the height of the Cold War.
From the first demonstration run at the IWTU in 2012, mechanical problems were apparent as metal filters became plugged, resulting in a quick shutdown of the facility.
During subsequent runs, further mechanical problems surfaced as well as chemistry challenges within the IWTU's primary reaction vessel.
The Department of Energy (DOE) and its contractors didn't give up.
Together, they devised a plan to systematically identify and resolve all problems.
They employed some of the brightest scientists at the INL and across the country, worked with academia in several states, and utilized the resources of corporate and small businesses.
In all, engineers, scientists, and fabricators made hundreds of modifications to the IWTU, and with each subsequent demonstration run, the facility became more reliable and predictable.
On April 11, 2023, 16 years after construction began, IWTU operators were given permission to start radiological operations.
At first, 10 percent radioactive liquid waste was blended with 90 percent simulant.
This ratio was increased to 50:50 and later to 100 percent sodiumbearing waste.
For those on the project who sacrificed countless weekends, holidays, and quality time with family, this moment was the culmination of years of committed work for a greater cause.
I want to thank all the Idaho Environmental Coalition employees who have supported this project.
Their contributions are protecting the Snake River Plain Aquifer, which is the primary source of drinking water and agricultural water for more than 300,000 Idahoans.
Furthermore, their actions in treating legacy Cold War waste and closing these sites pave the way for future nuclear research work in Idaho.
I would like to join my distinguished colleagues Senators Crapo and Risch, in congratulating the IWTU team on this extremely important achievement.
They represent the most talented and committed individuals in the DOE Complex.
Perhaps more importantly, they represent the greatest of our country and the ingenuity that makes the United States stand out in the world.