Mr. HIGGINS.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize the first woman elected Town Supervisor and Town Clerk of Amherst, Susan Grelick.
She embodies the very best of our community, and has shaped Amherst, NY into one of the best rated and safest places to live in the entire country.
A graduate of Union College, Susan would later earn her MBA, JD, and master's degrees in Information Science and American Economic History.
She utilized her extensive education to the town's benefit--always in search of ways to improve its financial stand, promote local businesses, and preserve neighborhoods and green space.
Indeed, during her 9 years as Supervisor, Amherst had the highest bond rating of any municipality in Western New York.
Susan also initiated the Town's first Vision Summits, a tool she used to develop a comprehensive plan for her future agenda.
Once her time had finished as a town official, Susan became the legislative director and counsel to New York Senate Majority Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins.
This is in addition to involvement in countless local organizations, including as a Trustee Emeritus of the Buffalo Niagara Heritage Village, as a Board member of the Amherst Youth Foundation, and as Vice President of the Chautauqua Institution Women's Club Board.
She previously worked as President of the Amherst Youth Foundation, President of the Buffalo Amherst Business and Professional Women's Association, and sat on the Board of Directors for YMCA of Greater Buffalo, the UB Alumni Association, and the Erie County Industrial Development Agency.
Her commitment to public service goes beyond the listed organizations.
She is unquestionably sincere in her desire to help others, and she has gone above and beyond to deliver for her neighbors and community.
Many groups have recognized Susan over the years, so it is only fitting that the Amherst Democratic Committee recognizes her efforts over the last 25 years as a member.
Susan Grelick has been a steadfast friend to so many in the Western New York area, and all its citizens (particularly those in Amherst), owe her a debt of gratitude.
She has been an asset to the growth of our region, and I am thrilled that she is being honored for her inspiring achievements.
I wish her the best in all her future endeavors.