Mr. HIGGINS.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize the longtime treasurer of the Amherst Democratic Committee.
Ronald Gilson.
A resident of Amherst since 1962.
Ron has been an indispensable member oft he Committee since 1994.
He jumped in head-first, ensuring that technical operations like utilities.
internal telephone banks, and essential supplies were always cared for at headquarters.
His willingness to volunteer in this capacity was also incredibly valuable to Chairman Jeremy Zellner when the Erie County Democratic Committee moves its headquarters to Larkinville.
Ron was there to ensure a seamless transition with the proper technology setup.
Naturally, he also became familiar with the Committee's practice of posting signs, gathering signatures, and distributing campaign literature.
Just 5 years into his involvement with ADC, the Amherst Democratic Chairman approached Ron to become a temporary treasurer.
Temporary, of course, is not an accurate description of Ron's time as treasurer--as he just handed the reins over after 22 years.
Ron also volunteers his time at the Buffalo and Eric County Naval Park as a docent and technical advisor.
He volunteers his knowledge and time to countless citizens and visitors, alike, so they can appreciate the fearless bravery of our veterans and the richness of our local history.
On the tours that he provides, Ron has the ability to capture the imagination of young Americans, so they understand the sacrifices that were made to ensure our collective freedom.
The staff at the Naval Park is undoubtedly grateful for his continued dedication to their endeavors.
Lastly, I would be remiss not to mention Ron's consistent involvement at the Niagara Frontier Radio Reading Service for the blind with his wife, Corine.
Throughout the week, this organization reads newspapers, magazines, and books for the visually impaired.
Ron's involvement with Niagara Frontier Radio Service, Buffalo and Erie County Naval & Military Park, and the Amherst Democratic Committee prove him to be a worthy candidate of recognition.
I am excited to honor Ron for his selfless efforts that have such a tangible impact on our community.