This is a real national crisis, and there is such an outcry and such outrage in the country that there is a real danger that people will take the law into their own hands, which we all deprecate.
We have to solve this, and the only way to do so is to have a reasonable and proper deterrent.
We must arrest the people who land on our shores, detain them and send them back to where they came from.
The Human Rights Act 1998 was never intended to cover illegal immigrants of this sort.
We have to do this for all our sakes; otherwise, people will wrongly take the law into their own hands.
As I just said to  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) , who speaks for the Liberal Democrats, peaceful protest is completely acceptable.
We understand that there are different opinions on immigration in this country, and people should be allowed to voice those opinions.
When that turns into violent disorder, as we have seen, it is not acceptable.
I know that the police behave in a very professional way.
They allow protests to take place, but they clearly have to keep the King’s peace as well.
The Father of the House is correct to say that we need a functioning system, where applications are dealt with swiftly, people are not waiting for years for applications to be decided, and those who should not be in this country are removed.
I think many of us agree with the Minister when she says that it is important that we are able to debate immigration and refugees and how we as a country support them, and that we recognise when allegations of incredibly serious sexual offences are involved that people are rightly concerned.
Peaceful protest plays its part, but she will be conscious that the police themselves have condemned the “mindless thuggery” that we have seen in Epping.
Also, there are reports that seem quite serious about neo-Nazi groups and their leaflets being circulated.
In order to protect peaceful protest, which many of us seek to do, we have to stop the direct targeting of individuals with violence.
What assessment has been made of any co-ordination of violence by groups in these incidents?
I say again that we absolutely believe that peaceful protest is part of our democratic process.
Unfortunately, as my hon.
Friend will know, there are always people who will seek to exploit situations, and we probably saw some of that over the last few days in Epping.
I say again that there were people from the local community who were expressing genuinely held views, and it is important that we note that.
However, I am also aware that literature was being distributed and that other groups were perhaps going to Epping to stir up problems.
The police are aware of that, and they are  looking at all the information and evidence about what happened, and they will obviously keep that under review.
Two weeks ago in Epping, there were three alleged sexual assaults on school-age girls; my thoughts are with the victims, their families and their peers.
These were allegedly linked to the Bell hotel, which has been stood up as an asylum hotel against all advice.
Since then, we have had numerous major protests involving hundreds of people, injuries to police officers and damage to police vehicles.
People quite rightly have the right to peaceful protest, but these violent scenes are not us.
They are not Epping and they are not what we stand for.
I want to thank Essex police for all that they are doing to keep us safe in these challenging and distressing times for our town.
Following the protests, we have churches cancelling services, businesses closing early and local residents feeling like they are barricaded in their own homes.
The hotel is in the wrong place: it is near a school and there is inadequate safeguarding of the hotel’s vulnerable residents.
This is a crisis that is boiling over, and for the sake of community safety the Home Secretary and the Government must get a grip of the situation.
They must listen and act now to close this hotel immediately.
Will they now do that?
The hon.
Gentleman’s comments on behalf of his constituents were measured, and he is absolutely right that our first thoughts should be with those affected by what happened in Epping—the victims and their families.
It is important for the House to note that.
I also want to reiterate that this Government are committed to closing all asylum hotels by the end of this Parliament.