What steps she is taking to help rebuild schools.
This Government have made a long-term commitment to improve the condition of schools and colleges.
We are investing almost £20 billion in the school rebuilding programme through to 2035, delivering rebuilding projects at over 500 schools across England, including eight schools in Scarborough and Whitby.
A further 250 schools will be selected within the next two years.
By 2035, we will also be investing almost £3 billion per year in capital maintenance for schools and colleges, and that figure will rise to £2.4 billion this year.
Springhead sixth form in Scarborough has been rated outstanding for the education and care it provides for students with complex special educational needs and disabilities.
The staff are amazing, but the sixth form is housed in an old and unsuitable building.
When I visited Springhead, I saw one student being tutored in a modified corridor due to overcrowding.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that pupils with special educational needs are educated in school buildings that can match those needs?
We have increased funding to improve the condition of schools to £2.1 billion for 2025-26, which includes more than £7 million for North Yorkshire to invest in its maintained schools, including Springhead.
North Yorkshire has also been allocated £6.8 million for 2025-26 to provide suitable and accessible school places for pupils with SEND who require alternative provision.
A number of years ago, Woodfield school in Bilton in my constituency was closed.
It has been rebuilt as a specialist school for children with autism.
It was meant to open in September last year, but that was delayed until September this year.
Will the Minister meet me and confirm whether it will open on time this September?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of proposed reforms to education, health and care plans on children with SEND.
Given the “lose, lose, lose” system that the last Government left behind—in their own words—we are working hard to reform the system so that every child can achieve and thrive.
Any reform will be guided by how we improve support for children with SEND.
There will always be a legal right to additional support, which this Government will protect.
Given that answer, I will quote the Secretary of State.
She was saying earlier that the system is so distorted that the financial allocations do not reflect the real needs of children.
That means that local authorities have huge deficits through no fault of their own; they are trying to do their job.
When she comes up with her new policy in the autumn, will she commit to writing off those deficits so that those authorities can do the job in the future?
As part of our reforms, we will commence a phased transition process, which will include working with local authorities to manage their SEND systems, including their deficits, alongside an extension to the statutory override until the end of 2027-28.
We will set out more details about the plan for how we will support local authorities with the historical and accruing deficits accumulated under the last Government and since, due to the appalling situation that we inherited.
On Friday I had the privilege of spending a good few hours with SEND parents in my constituency, talking about what does not work under the current system and what we would like to see changed.
There was a lot of frustration and a lot of tears.
They were honest and open about their upset at the current system, but there were also a lot of ideas and a determination to make change happen, so that  those who come after us do not have to go through the same stress and anxiety that we do as SEND parents.
Will the Secretary of State guarantee that the voices of parents, carers and families will be integral to forming the schools White Paper that is due out in the autumn?
I can give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
I know that she is incredibly passionate about improving the SEND system, and this Government share that passion.
We are not only determined to restore the trust of parents by ensuring that schools and local areas can better identify and support children; we are also working with parents and families to create that system, which we know will improve outcomes for children and their families.
What steps she is taking to support young people into apprenticeships.
Labour is rebalancing opportunities towards young people, giving them the skills they need to get on.
Apprenticeship starts, achievements and participation are all up under this Government.
From August, we are introducing foundation apprenticeships to support young people into careers in critical sectors, such as construction and health and social care.
I feel sure that the Minister is aware that the outstanding West Suffolk college in Bury St Edmunds, with more than 10,000 enrolled students, is part of the outstanding Eastern Education Group, under the leadership of Nikos Savvas.
Does she agree that West Suffolk college is an outstanding candidate to be awarded the status of being the construction technical college of excellence for the east of England?
That would boost skills in construction, which are crucial for the new West Suffolk hospital and the Sizewell C construction site, which is the largest construction site in Europe.