I have absolutely no idea; it is for the shadow Home Secretary to explain that one.
Clearly, I would expect all hon.
and right hon.
Members in the House to want to do everything to keep our communities safe.
I look forward to the swift deportation of anybody who takes advantage of our hospitality by breaking our laws and attacking women and young girls.
In July 2024, I warned my constituents not to throw away their futures, as the far-right lynch mobs threatened to spread to Gloucestershire.
Once again this thuggery has flared up, this time in Epping.
What actions are the Government taking to support authorities in the prosecution of those who whip up this furore, both online and in positions of influence?
The hon.
Gentleman may know that a great deal of work has been undertaken since the disorder of last summer to ensure that intelligence is gathered from the online space, as well as the offline  space, and that all the authorities are prepared and ready if there is any sign of disorder again.
Just to reiterate, all of us in this House would recognise that peaceful protest is an important part of a democratic society, but not when it crosses over into the disorder and mayhem we saw last year when criminal acts were perpetrated by individuals.
I agree that it is important that we are able to debate immigration and asylum.
People across the country know the consequences of the asylum system failing to protect the public, communities and businesses—we have had experience of that in my own city.
Does the Minister agree that public safety must come first and that it is indefensible that the Tory party and Reform opposed measures allowing the tagging of high-risk individuals?
Does she agree that the breadth and depth of this crisis needs us all to work together to regain public confidence?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend—she put that eloquently.
Again, I expect that all Members of this House would want to do everything to protect the members of all communities in this country.