I completely support the Secretary of State’s opening words, and my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the devastating incident.
Government documents state that the first step in achieving their primary school readiness mission is meeting their target of recruiting 6,500 teachers.
The Secretary of State claimed at the last oral questions that she has always been clear that the 6,500 teachers are in secondary schools.
If that is true, can she explain how secondary school teacher recruitment contributes to improving primary school readiness for four-year-olds?
This Labour Government are delivering the teachers that are desperately needed right across our schools.
We were left behind a terrible crisis when it came to recruitment and retention, but this Labour Government know that improving standards in our schools requires having the best possible teachers available to teach all our children.
That is why we delivered a pay award, and why we are making sure that we are tackling all the issues around workload.
We are getting on and delivering the plan for change.
The right hon.
Lady comes here with the same relentless negativity week in, week out.
We are delivering new free breakfast clubs, free school meals, cheaper uniforms, high-quality childcare and more apprenticeships.
That is the difference the Labour Government are making.
This is farcical.
Will the Secretary of State finally admit that the original pledge to hire 6,500 teachers included primary school teachers, and that the Government are now abandoning their pledge?
The reality is that, according to their own website, there are 400 fewer teachers than last year.
There are 60,000 fewer children in primary schools this year.
I know the right hon.
Lady was at the Treasury, so I would expect a bit more when it comes to her maths.
It would be nonsensical to recruit even more primary school teachers when we have falling rolls.
We are focusing our efforts where they are needed, and I am delighted that we are seeing big increases in the number of secondary maths teachers, secondary physics teachers and secondary STEM teachers.
There are big increases right across the board—that is what Labour is delivering.
Last week, I had the pleasure of hosting in Parliament the Outcomes First Group, a group of specialist SEND schools.
They presented their proposals for fixing the broken SEND system, including supporting more children in mainstream education, supporting collaboration between schools and upskilling teachers.
Does the Minister agree that those are exactly the sorts of changes that are needed to fix the SEND system, and will she meet me and the school in my constituency to learn more?
Indeed, we are building a reformed system in which children and young people’s needs will be identified early, so that evidence-based support can be provided at the earliest opportunity.
Earlier this year, I was pleased to open Benton House, a special school in my constituency that is also run by the Outcomes First Group.
It was great to see such a well-resourced facility supporting children with complex needs.
I would be delighted to hear more about the work in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and the proposals.
rose— Order.
Please, we have to try to get in as many Members as possible.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I echo the Secretary of State’s remarks about the tragedy in Minehead.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those affected.
Every parent who puts a baby into childcare wants to know that they are safe.
In the light of the crucial role that CCTV played in the harrowing case at Twickenham Green nursery in my constituency, which resulted in a nursery worker being convicted of 21 counts of child cruelty last month, and in the tragic case of Gigi Meehan in Cheadle, will the Secretary of State commit to issuing fresh guidance to nurseries on the use and regular monitoring of CCTV footage?
The hon.
Member will know that I met the family of Genevieve Meehan recently.
That was a tragic case.
We need to make sure that we are doing everything we possibly can to protect children in nursery settings.
That is why I am pleased that in the “best start in life” strategy, published just two weeks ago, we committed to have early years settings inspected within 18 months and, indeed, within four years.
I have offered a meeting with the hon.
Member, and I am very happy to discuss these issues further.
Apprenticeships should be open to everyone.
I have met too many young people in Doncaster  East and the Isle of Axholme who are more than capable of doing the job—they have the hands-on skills, the attitude and the drive to work—but are being held back from apprenticeships because they have to get a grade 4 in English or maths.
When will the Government move forward with reforming the rule so that we stop shutting out good people from good jobs just because they did not get a pass in the classroom?
I absolute agree with my hon.
Friend.
This Government will indeed stop shutting good people out of good jobs.
He is probably aware that the Department funds apprentices to achieve a qualification as part of their training.
We do not set entry requirements; these are decisions for employers.
However, we have allowed for more flexibility in English and maths requirements for adults aged 19 and over.
Children in receipt of funds from the adoption and special guardianship support fund often have significant mental health, wellbeing and educational needs.
For many of these children, their individual therapy is the single biggest factor enabling them to continue at school.
What assessment has the Minister made of the implications of cutting funding for this therapy?
The adoption and special guardianship support fund provides valuable therapeutic support to children and families, which is why we have committed to continuing the £50 million to this financial year.
We have been holding discussions with key stakeholders, and we will soon announce the next steps for the fund.
As well as being the governor of a sixth-form college, I am proud to be a governor of the Abbey Hill special school in Stoke-on-Trent—I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests accordingly—which is why I was so appalled by the comments of the Reform UK chairman that children with special needs are “naughty children”, often as the result of “bad parenting”.
Can I invite the Secretary of State to condemn those comments, and to reaffirm our support for those children and parents?
I join my hon.
Friend in condemning those remarks.
I am aware that the Reform UK leader said, in similar comments, “I’m not being heartless, I’m being frank”.
Well, I will be frank: Reform UK would plunge the SEND system into further disarray.
Only Labour will back the children with SEND who need support.
The citizenAID first aid charity provides excellent education in emergency situations to children and young people.
I have written to the Scottish education department to invite it to introduce it to the curriculum.
Is there any interest from the Department for Education down here?
If the hon.
Gentleman would write to me, I will look into that further.
Meaningful work experience can be a life changer for our young children, cutting the risk of their being out of education, employment or training.
The Derby Promise  is hard at work linking schools with employers to raise the aspirations of our young people.
Does the Minister agree with me, and does she recognise the valuable work that the Derby Promise delivers in opening doors for young people?
I do indeed agree with my hon.
Friend, and I applaud him for the work he did on the Derby Promise before he entered this place and for all he has done for children in Derby South since.
I am delighted that employers such as Rolls-Royce have signed up to the Derby Promise to bring industry closer to young people and to inspire their future careers.
Essex has seen a huge increase in the number of requests for education, health and care needs assessments, and is failing to meet the target, in part due to the difficulty of recruiting educational psychologists.
Rather than trying to bury the problem by scrapping education, health and care plans, can the Minister say what the Government are doing to meet that need?
The right hon.
Gentleman is pre-empting decisions before they have been made.
We have not made decisions about the future of EHCPs.
We are listening carefully and working with the sector to make sure we have the workforce in the system and the support systems to identify needs early.
We will continue to do that, and we will work with families to design a system that works, rather than the one we inherited.
York is seeking to advance new models of support for children with SEND that are inclusive and provide opportunity, including greater curriculum flexibility to deliver a broader education in small groups and a life skills curriculum so children are equipped to navigate the world around them safely.
Would the Minister support City of York council to deliver such measures?
The hon.
Lady will know that a curriculum and assessment review is currently being undertaken by an independent panel.
We are keen that the curriculum is broad and rich, but also inclusive.
We will be responding when the panel reports with its recommendations in the autumn.
When the Secretary of State talks of such a large reduction in the number of anticipated future primary school pupils, does she attribute any part of that to a wish by certain communities to develop a parallel education system, rather than engaging in full integration with this country?
I am not quite clear what the right hon.
Gentleman is driving at with that question.
What I have said in response to the very sharp decline in the birth rate is that as a Government we want to make sure that people are able to make choices that are right for them, including around family size.
My concern is that too many young people, because of the inaccessibility of housing and the challenges they face in the jobs market, are making decisions they do not necessarily  want to make.
That is why the expansion of childcare, for example, is a critical part of how we are supporting families.
Those working in our schools in South Gloucestershire do a brilliant job, but they receive the lowest funding per pupil in all of England via a funding formula inherited from the previous Government.
Does the Minister have plans to review the formula as part of the impactful wider work to ensure that every child receives the education they need to thrive, no matter where they live?
We recognise that schools are working incredibly hard to deliver in their communities.
There is a whole range of factors that impact school funding, including their rural or urban nature and pupil numbers; we have discussed declining rolls.
We will continue to keep the school funding formula under review.
That does take time and it has to be done very carefully to ensure certainty for schools about their funding planning.
Last year, 565 EHCPs were issued in Cambridgeshire, with fewer than 10% completed within the statutory 20-week deadline.
Cambridgeshire county council now ranks as the 10th worst nationally for meeting the timelines on their delivery.
With 99% of SEND tribunals finding in favour of the parent, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to improve the process that sees so many applications require a tribunal, and to improve the delivery of EHCPs in Cambridgeshire, assuming they are not going to be scrapped in mainstream schools?
Until that final point, I thought the hon.
Gentleman raised some serious concerns, which we have heard this afternoon from many colleagues across the House who need us to bring forward reform to deliver better outcomes for children with SEND.
If the Conservative party wants to work with us to do this in a way that delivers a better system for children with SEND, I would be very happy to do so, but at the moment all we seem to get is opposition for opposition’s sake.
Victoria college in my constituency is one of the relatively small number of SEND specialist further education colleges in the country.
It does outstanding work.
For many years, such colleges have not had access to dedicated capital grant funding.
Will the Minister be so good as to look into the issue and agree to meet me to discuss it further?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity.
I will be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these issues further.
Sadly, both universities in my constituency, De Montfort University and Leicester University, are on the verge of making hundreds of redundancies and even shutting down complete faculties.
What financial commitment is the Department  making to secure academic jobs, especially in subjects such as chemistry, humanities and languages, rather than making short-term cuts?
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that universities are independent institutions that are able to make their own decisions around financial management.
As a Government, we have sought to stabilise the higher education sector.
That is why we took the difficult but necessary decision to increase tuition fees.
Later this year, we will be publishing a post-16 strategy that will deal with many of his questions.
Last week, I heard from a mum who applied for an EHCP for her son in December and was told it would be ready in June.
She has now been informed by Buckinghamshire council that he remains unallocated, with 789 children ahead of him.
I am very grateful to the Secretary of State for the work she is doing to grip and reform the SEND system, but can she talk more about her ambitions to support people caught in the horrible waiting game for EHCPs?
We have heard this afternoon from my hon.
Friend and so many Members across the House about the urgent need to make improvements for children with SEND.
We are laying the foundations with more investment in the system, through both the high needs budget and capital, so we have the places that are needed.
There is, of course, much we are doing right now with councils to improve some of the unacceptable waits that parents currently face.
The superb John Hampden school in Wendover reports that it is running a £109,000 deficit supporting students with significant SEND while they await assessments.
However, it is an infant-only school, and the money often does not come through until the pupils have moved up to a junior school.
Will the Minister look at how the system is working for infant-only schools, to make the system fairer?
As we have said, we are looking at reforms to the system; we recognise that there are challenges right across the system that we inherited.
We know that families face challenges in securing support and that schools face challenges, too.
We will look at every detail and announce reforms in the White Paper in the autumn.
I recently hosted a series of engagements and roundtables on the SEN reforms, and it is impossible to ignore the sheer size of the problems this Government are confronting.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the legal right to specialist support will remain a core principle of every child’s entitlement as Labour rebuilds this broken system and that we will go further, delivering real outcomes, genuine inclusion and an SEN system built to serve families, not fail them?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work he has done in this area over many years and for the way he champions this cause here on behalf of his constituents.
I can confirm that children with SEND have a legal right to additional support and that  Labour will protect that.
He will appreciate that discussions are under way with families, campaigners and school leaders to ensure that we get this system right—a better system with strengthened support and more timely  intervention and early identification of need.
It is clear this afternoon that that mission is urgent, and that we need to deliver better outcomes for children with SEND.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend on that.
Before I call the shadow Home Secretary to ask this urgent question, I remind the House that hon.
Members must not refer to any matters that are currently before the courts.
Members are free to refer to broader policy issues, but they should not get into the details of the specific cases for which criminal charges are being brought.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on criminal activity by illegal immigrants at asylum hotels.
As the House will be aware, on  Tuesday 8 July  an arrest was made by Essex police following incidents that took place in Epping earlier that day, and a man was subsequently charged.
His trial is due to start on  26 August , and he has been remanded in custody until that time.
These are very serious allegations and it is vital that criminal justice procedures are able to run their course—Superintendent Tim Tubbs of Essex police has said that “the last thing we want is for any public discussion to hinder an ongoing prosecution.”