Parents are getting in touch with MPs across the country to ask whether existing special needs support will continue under the planned reforms.
The Minister for School Standards has said that the Government will not remove “effective support”, but what does that word “effective” mean?
Who will judge what is effective, and on what basis?
Why will the Government not just guarantee that all children will keep the support that they currently have?
As I said in response to  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns) , children with SEND have a legal right to additional support.
We will not just protect it, but improve it.
We will deliver better outcomes and support for children with SEND.
I do not know how the shadow Minister has the brass neck to stand there and ask that question, given that the Conservatives left behind a system that their last Education Secretary described as “lose, lose, lose”.
It is for that reason that we deal with so many questions on this topic every time we gather for Education questions.
What we have at the moment is not working by any objective measure: children are being failed and parents are being failed.
It falls to the Labour Government to deliver the better system of support that all our children with SEND desperately need.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of the use of smartphones in schools on levels of disruption in classrooms.
What steps she is taking to support schools that plan to ban smartphones.
Mobile phones have no place in schools.
Government guidance is clear that schools should prohibit the use of devices with smart technology  throughout the school day.
Research from the Children’s Commissioner shows that 99.8% of primary schools and 90% of secondary schools already have policies restricting the use of mobile phones.
Many of the young people I meet in schools across Epping Forest are clear that they agree with the local school policy of restricting mobile phones when they are at school.
Sadly, however, the Government have repeatedly refused to heed Conservative calls to protect our children with a national ban on phones in schools—even voting against it.
Bodies such as UNESCO and the OECD are crystal clear about the negative impacts of phones on young people’s education, so when will the Government listen to the evidence and to our school leaders, and support a ban on smartphones in schools for the sake of our young people’s education and mental health?
I have said that phones should not be out in schools, and heads have the power to enforce that.
The Opposition backed those measures.
If they felt they needed to go further, they had 14 long years in which to do so.
Last Thursday, I felt the fear in a hall full of parents of primary school children in Totnes as they listened to campaigners going through the evidence of the impact of smartphones on kids at secondary school.
There is a clear safeguarding issue around kids seeing videos of hardcore pornography and violence.
I am therefore pleased that Tina Graham, the head of Kingsbridge community college, has just announced a smartphone-free policy from September to protect children, which will mean no phones in school at all except for reasonable adjustments.
That is a much better policy than the “Not seen—put it in your bag” policy that most schools follow.
In the light of such safeguarding concerns, where every child is only as safe as the least safe phone in school, why will the Minister not do the one thing that could transform our children’s mental and physical health, and school attainment and direct all schools to go smartphone free— Order.
Please, this is not fair; I have to get others in.
I call the Minister.
The hon.
Lady’s question demonstrates that mobile phones have no place in schools, and there is already guidance to reflect that.
The mobile phones in schools guidance is clear and schools should prohibit the use of devices with smart technology throughout the school day, including during lessons, transitions and breaks.
We expect all schools to take steps in line with that guidance to ensure that mobile phones do not disrupt pupils’ learning.
If pupils fail to follow those rules, schools should have the power to confiscate devices.