May I join Ministers in thanking our school and college staff up and down the country for their dedication?
I wish them happy and restorative summer holidays.
Children with special educational needs who started reception last year were over a year behind their peers, according to the Education Policy Institute.
Staggeringly, those with an education, health and care plan were already over 20 months behind—the widest gap that the EPI has recorded since it started monitoring in 2013.
Given the importance of the early years in narrowing the gap, it is crucial that we give every child the help that they need as soon as possible.
Will the Minister confirm how much of the £760 million for SEND transformation announced in the spending review will go towards early identification and intervention?
The Government are committed to ensuring excellence for everyone so that children have the support, skills and opportunities that they need, and that starts in early years.
We are actively working with parents and experts on solutions, including more early intervention to prevent needs from escalating.
Any changes we make will improve support for children and parents, stop parents having to fight for support, and protect current effective provision.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure adequate funding for SEND provision.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend that important question.
Labour is providing £1 billion more for high-needs budgets, and also providing councils with £740 million of capital funding to improve support for children with SEND in specialist and mainstream schools.
This investment will lay the foundation for the better system that children with SEND need.
Working with experts, we will set out our plans in the schools White Paper in the autumn.
The last Government left behind a SEND system that was failing children and families.
Parents were made to fight for support, with education, health and care plans denied or delayed and vital services taken away.
Tory cuts to early years support, rising poverty and extreme deprivation in Blackpool, as well as the pandemic hitting our children harder than most, have all combined to deepen the crisis facing our most vulnerable young people.
What steps is the Education Secretary taking to ensure children in disadvantaged communities like mine, where the need is high and support often falls short, receive the targeted SEND support they urgently require?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful champion for his constituents and for Blackpool, and he is right that far too many children are not currently getting the support they need in order to thrive.
Early intervention is key—more support at the earliest possible point to identify where children might be struggling, and to make sure that they get the help they need.
That is why I was very proud to announce to the House that, building on the proud Labour legacy of Sure Start, we   will be rolling out Best Start family hubs to make sure that we have better family support services in every part of our country, including my hon.
Friend’s community.