In the other place, Baroness Smith of Malvern, a Minister in the Department for Education, said: “There is no clear scientific consensus on a negative impact from screen time and social media use on the mental health and neurological or functional development of children and young people.”—[Official
Report, House of Lords,  23 June 2025 ; Vol. 847, c. 55.]
I fundamentally disagree.
There is overwhelming and extensive evidence of the harm caused, so I want to know the Government’s position.
Does the Minister agree with his ministerial colleague or with me on this issue?
Last year, the right hon.
Lady’s Government claimed that action on mobile phones was prohibiting their use in schools and that guidance meant “a consistent approach across all schools.”
Those are their words.
In backing the Tory Government’s measures, was she wrong then, or is she wrong now?
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of funding for sixth-form colleges.
I take this opportunity to thank all post-16 providers and staff for their tireless work over the last academic year and wish them a restful summer break.
Following the autumn Budget, this Government made available more than £400 million extra planned spending on 16-to-19 education in the financial year 2025-26.
Since then, an additional £190 million for 2025-26 has been made available to respond to 16-to-19 demographic growth and other pressures on the system, creating opportunities for young people to succeed.
I draw the attention of the House to my entries in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am a governor of the City of Stoke-on-Trent sixth-form college and the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on sixth form education.
I thank the Minister for her answer; the additional capital available for post-16 providers is very welcome.
The City of Stoke-on-Trent sixth-form college is seeing a huge increase in interest around science, healthcare science and computer science —subjects that are mission-critical to the delivery of the Government’s ambitious programme.
When will the capital be available so that my sixth form and others around the country can build high-quality learning environments for young learners?