If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like first to address last week’s tragic incident in Minehead.
I am sure that all Members will join me in offering support and prayers to everyone affected by the Minehead middle school bus crash last Thursday.
Our deepest sympathies and condolences go to all those affected at the school and in the wider community, and particularly to the family and friends of the 10-year-old boy who tragically lost his life.
Most of the injured have now been released from hospital.
Support has already been put in place for those affected, and it will continue into the summer break and beyond.
I extend my thanks to everyone involved in co-ordinating and delivering this vital help, and I also pay tribute to the emergency services for their incredible response in the most challenging of circumstances.
This Labour Government believe that children growing up in our country deserve the very best start in life, which is why we are investing nearly £1.5 billion over the next three years to transform early years and family services.
That will include £500 million to roll out Best Start family hubs in every local authority, honouring the proud legacy of Sure Start and ensuring that every family can thrive regardless of postcode or income.
Labour is building back the crucial family services that were decimated by the Tories, providing high-quality support for parents, babies and children from pregnancy onwards—and we are only just getting started.
Last week I visited the Outwood academy school in Kirkby-in-Ashfield, which has gone from double special measures to “good” in just three years under the leadership of the Outwood Grange Academies Trust.
Will the Secretary of State please say a big thank you to the trust, and the staff, for helping to turn the school around and giving the children in my town the education that they deserve?
Like the hon.
Gentleman, I welcome the hard work of our teachers, leaders and support staff, and I am always pleased to hear about improvements in standards.
This Government are ambitious for every child, and our new regional improvement in standards and excellence teams are working across schools to bring together leaders with experience in turning schools around.
What I would say to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents is that, thanks to this Labour Government, thousands of children will now benefit from free school meals, the new breakfast club that is opening in his constituency will be a big boost to his constituents, and we are delivering new funding for Best Start family hubs.
That is the difference that a Labour Government are making for his constituents.
It remains a reality that it is possible to take a GCSE in Russian but not in Ukrainian, and I have resolved to do  my part to help because I believe that a Ukrainian GCSE should be available to all.
As this is a topical question, I bring some encouraging news: I have written to all the exam boards— Order.
Topical questions should be quick.
It will be, Mr Speaker, absolutely—topical and quick.
AQA has reported back to me that it is very open to the idea, but it needs to see evidence that we have enough Ukraine-speaking teachers who are willing to teach the subject and to mark the papers.
The good news is that, with support from parliamentary colleagues, I have found 250 teachers who can do just that.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it should now be just a matter of time before a Ukrainian GCSE is available to all?
My hon.
Friend clearly knows that the decision to create any new GCSE is made by an independent awarding organisation, but I have also met the Ukrainian Education Minister, and I know how important this issue is to Ukrainian families living in the United Kingdom and to others.
The Secretary of State has written to the awarding organisations to encourage them to create a Ukrainian GCSE.
I am now well aware of my hon.
Friend’s interest in the issue, and I am more than happy to convey it as well.