As a former teacher, I know that new school buildings not only help student progress, but encourage teacher retention.
Can the Minister confirm that new school buildings are indeed part of this Government’s programme for change, and will she commit to visiting Bradfields academy in my constituency, a specialist SEND school that is investing millions as part of the schools rebuilding programme?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend; I know he cares deeply about outcomes for children in Chatham and Aylesford, and that he brings real experience to this House.
He is right to demonstrate the important role of the specialist sector.
He mentions Bradfields academy, which has already secured a place on the schools rebuilding programme; with the approval of the trust, I would be delighted to arrange for me or one of my colleagues to visit and see the brilliant work they are doing.
This Government are hampering schools’ recruitment of new teachers.
First they hiked up the cost through the increase in employer national insurance contributions; then the money promised to state schools from charging VAT on private school fees was spent on housing instead.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House how much the increase in employer national insurance contributions will cost schools in total over this Parliament?
We are investing record sums in our state schools.
The Conservative party, however, wants to take money out of our state schools to give tax breaks back to private schools.
That tells us everything we need to know about their priorities.
The headteacher of the Thomas Hardye school in West Dorset previously worked in a London school.
He told me that in London he received nearly £10,000 per pupil, but in West Dorset nearly £5,000—yet the challenges of rural education are no less complex, not least in the recruitment of teachers.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to address the funding inequalities facing rural schools, to ensure that all pupils receive the teaching they deserve?
We continue to keep all these areas under review; if the hon.
Gentleman would like to write to me with more information, I would be happy to respond with more detail.
However, I am clear that this Government are investing more in education.
We are turning around the year-on-year declines in teacher numbers with better pay, more support on workload and more money for our schools, including tackling child poverty.
That is the difference that a Labour Government are making for our country.
The Government have tried to have it every which way on these elusive 6,500 extra teachers.
If the Labour manifesto had meant that only secondary teachers counted, but they could be in any subject, presumably that is what it would have said.
What it actually said was 6,500 new specialist teachers in key subjects, so will the Secretary of State enlighten us: what are those subjects?
I would be very happy to do so.
As the right hon.
Gentleman just heard, we are seeing big increases in initial teacher training acceptances in many of those key subjects such as maths and science.
On the commitment we have made, we had 60,000 fewer children in primary over the course of the last year and, as a former holder of this office, he would rightly expect that we target our efforts in areas of greatest need.
Sadly, we are seeing a big decline in the number of children in primary, with the numbers forecast to fall by another 165,000 over the next few years, so we are focusing our efforts where they are needed.