Yes or no?
Order.
The Minister will answer the question as she sees fit.
The hon.
Member may be frustrated, but we will carry on.
What steps she is taking to help improve the condition of the further education college estate.
What steps she is taking to improve the quality of the further education estate.
Excellent further education colleges are a key building block of the Government’s opportunity and growth missions.
The Government are committed to improving the condition of schools and colleges in England and will invest nearly £3 billion per year by 2034-2035, rising from £2.4 billion in 2024-25.
The oldest surviving locomotive roundhouse in Britain is in Derby, and what was once at the forefront of Victorian engineering is now a cutting-edge learning environment for local young people who will build the homes of the future.
But the site is full to bursting—Derby college needs more space.
Does the Minister agree that if it became a construction technical excellence college, it could extend its site, increase its capacity in brickwork, carpentry and joinery by 50%, and teach more students the construction skills we desperately need?
Applications to become construction technical excellence colleges closed on  4 July .
We look forward to informing successful candidates in due course.
In addition, £375 million of capital investment will be invested between 2026 and 2030 to support post-16 capacity to accommodate the additional learners entering the system.
I know that the Minister will agree with me that in Exeter we have two of the country’s most outstanding FE institutions.
Exeter college is rated outstanding by Ofsted and as “strong” in its approach to meeting the skills needs of our area—the first time a college has achieved both.
Exeter maths school is also rated outstanding and gives students from across the south-west the opportunity to specialise in maths, physics and computing.
But as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson)  said, that success comes with its own challenges.
Both are bursting at the seams and need capital investment to allow them to expand and continue their exceptional work.
Does the Minister agree that Exeter college could also be an exceptional candidate to become a construction technical excellence college for the south-west, and will he meet me to discuss the ways in which we can support those changes?
I join my hon.
Friend in recognising the success of Exeter college and Exeter maths school, which are both outstanding.
As he will know, the Government have announced capital funding to improve the condition of the estate and accommodate rising student numbers as we hope to replicate the success of these settings across the country.
The sixth form of the Lakes school near Windermere provides further education for young people within the central lakes.
The building is beyond being fit for purpose and needs a rebuild.
It also happens to be built on the site where the Windermere children who survived the death camps in 1945 were brought to be rehabilitated on the shores of Windermere where they were first settled.
On the 80th anniversary of their arrival, will the Minister agree to meet me and local people to look at a rebuild of the school and, at the same time, a memorial to the Windermere children, so that we can honour their memory and support the children of the future, too?
Ensuring that schools and colleges have the resources and buildings that they need is key to our mission to break down barriers to opportunity and ensure that every child can succeed and thrive.
As always, I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.