I thank him for that as

well as his many years of friendship and support.
In a professional career that has spanned more than six decades, Bill

Samuel has left an indelible mark on the labor movement in America.
Many of those whose lives have been improved by his work will never

meet or know Bill.
Throughout his career he has been a champion for

working Americans, standing up time and time again to protect their

rights to safe working conditions, fair and livable wages, as well as

secure health and retirement benefits.
Today, as he marks his

retirement, I extend my heartfelt congratulations and deepest thanks to

Bill for his outstanding service.
My very best wishes to him, his wife,

Tracy; and his children Jack and Lucy, for many more years of health

and happiness as he begins this new life chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MARRIAGE OF AMAN CHANDI AND UDHAY KAHLON

HON.
RAUL RUIZ

Mr. RUIZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the union of my

constituents and good friends, Aman Chandi and Udhay Kahlon, two

individuals whose relationship began by chance and has grown into a

commitment rooted in their shared traditions and love.
With genuine

happiness, I offer them my congratulations on their engagement and

upcoming marriage.
At an airport surrounded by travelers, Aman and Udhay met by chance,

and were encouraged to pursue one another by friends and

family.
Their connection grew over dinner conversations, during which

they discovered their common values, dreams, and goals.
Their relationship, developed through many hours of video calls and

meaningful conversations, blossomed into love.
This was formally

recognized at a three-day Roka event, which ended with a proposal

confirming their commitment.
Aman and Udhay's experience shows that

love can find us when we least expect it.
As we look forward to their wedding, we are reminded of the rich

cultural heritage that their union celebrates.
From the vibrant colors

of the Mehndi event to the Sangeet ceremony, where music and laughter

pave the way for unforgettable memories, their celebrations vividly

represent tradition and modernity.
The Haldi, Choora, and the sacred

Anand Karaj ceremonies hold deep significance, marking the beginning of

their life with blessings, happiness, and the promise of a bright

future.
The marriage of Aman and Udhay signifies not just the union of two

individuals, but the coming together of two families with shared values

of hard work, community, and ambition.
This union is set to expand upon

these legacies, creating the foundation of a new chapter that promises

to enrich their communities further and inspire future generations

through a blend of tradition, integrity, and shared goals.
Mr. Speaker, as Aman and Udhay stand on the brink of their future,

they do so with the support of their families, the blessings of their

traditions, and the love that has brought them together.
In celebrating

Aman and Udhay, we celebrate the beauty of coming together, the

strength of familial bonds, and the promise of a future filled with

love, happiness, and prosperity.
On behalf of California's 25th District, I extend my warmest wishes

to Aman, Udhay, and their families.
May their union be blessed with

love, laughter, and a lifetime of happiness.
As they begin their shared

future, let us celebrate the love that has brought them together.
Congratulations to Aman and Udhay.
May their story inspire all, and

their lives together be filled with joy and fulfillment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
PATRICK T. McHENRY

Mr. McHENRY.
Mr. Speaker, due to unforeseen circumstances, I was

unable to cast my votes for H.R. 4866 and H.R. 4755.
Had I been

present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
153, and YEA on Roll

Call No.
154.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AISYSS AMAYA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.