In 2003 Bill founded Joy to the World Foundation to help

philanthropic families and ministry professionals multiply the impact

of their generosity and service.
Bill's 35 years of wise counsel helped numerous ministries, including

among may others: The LeTourneau University Foundation, Navigators,

Baptist Bible College and Seminary, Harvest Workers, Christian

Broadcasting Network, International Bible Society, Compassion

International, Oral Roberts University, Seattle Pacific University,

Young Life, The Christian and Missionary Alliance Denomination, Summit

Ministries, Christian Blind Mission International, HCJB World Radio,

Mission Aviation Fellowship, Mission of Mercy, and the YMCA.
Bill also

authored a book, Unlocking The Full Potential of Your Assets; Creative

Uses of the Charitable Remainder Unitrust.
Bill is survived by his devoted wife of 48 years, their three

children--Joni, Josh, and Amy--along with their spouses, and 11

cherished grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I can personally attest to the outstanding life of Bill

Moritz.
We practiced law together for a short time early in our

careers.
I saw firsthand his integrity, his Christian commitment, and

his devotion to his family.
Today I ask my colleagues to honor a life of significant generosity,

philanthropy, and innovation.
Because of Bill Moritz's life Colorado's

Fifth Congressional District and indeed the world are a better place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARTHA ``PATSEY'' BROCKETT WAKEFIELD

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National

Society Daughters of the American Revolution and their effort to

commemorate the men and women who achieved American independence,

realizing that those Patriots believed in the noble cause of liberty

and served valiantly to found a new nation.
More directly, I would like to acknowledge cooperative spirit of the

Flower Mound, Benjamin Lyon, Cross Timbers, Captain Molly Corbin,

Peters Colony, and Shawnee Trail Chapters of the National Society

Daughters of the American Revolution who have united to promote

America's upcoming 250th birthday and endeavor to convey its relevance

to our society.
This cooperative spirit honors the tradition begun by

the pioneers who settled the southern community of Denton County, now

known as Copper Canyon.
On Saturday, April 27, 2024, the Flower Mound Chapter met to hold an

official grave marking and dedication honoring Martha ``Patsey''

Brockett Wakefield (1797-1873), one of Denton County's early

matriarchs, with an official grave marking and dedication at Chinn's

Chapel Cemetery in Copper Canyon, Denton County, Texas.
As the youngest daughter of Revolutionary War Patriot William

Ebenezer Brockett, born in 1797, Martha Brockett married Henry

Wakefield, Jr. in January of 1817.
Henry Wakefield, Jr. was the son of

Revolutionary War Patriot Henry Wakefield, himself the offspring of

Revolutionary War Patriot Charles Wakefield.
In 1853 Henry Wakefield, Jr. and his wife, Martha ``Patsey'' Brockett

Wakefield, moved with their large family to 320 acres of land Henry

purchased for $320 in Denton County, Texas.
In 1859, Silas Wakefield

and his brother Simpson Burke Wakefield, two of Henry and Martha

``Patsey's'' 11 children, and among 9 who survived into adulthood, each

purchased adjoining land grants of 160 acres nearby.
Located on land

purchased by Simpson, the Denton County Town of Waketon was named after

the family.
Simpson's wife, Jane, with two other women, and Mary Stowe Chinn,

founded Chinn's Chapel Methodist Church, believed to be the oldest

church and school in Denton County.
Originally named Antioch, the chapel was built from donated logs

provided by settlers visiting the nearby Lockhart Spring.
In 1858 the

community came together and assembled the logs into the cabin structure

that served as a church, school and as a temporary shelter for new

settlers as they built their own homes.
As settlers died from various

causes, the settlers were frequently buried near the log cabin chapel.
When Simpson and Jane Wakefield died a month a part in 1861, they were

among the early burials in the Chinn's Chapel Cemetery.
The Christians worshipping in the log cabin were offered the service

once every three months.