He flew his first mission on June 6, 1944--D-Day--and went on to

carry out over twenty successful missions.
For his heroism, Toombs was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross,

as well as several Air Medals and foreign decorations.
In 2021, he was

inducted into the Arkansas Military Veterans Hall of Fame.
Mr. Toombs has been an active spokesman for the ``Mighty 8th,''

sharing their story in numerous interviews, and has continued to serve

his fellow veterans through his membership in several veterans

organizations.
I thank Mr. William Toombs for his service and congratulate him on

his 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WILLIAM SAMUEL ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
ROSA L. DeLAURO

Ms DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with my deepest thanks and sincere

appreciation that I rise today to recognize William Samuel, the

Director of Government Affairs at the AFL-CIO, as family, friends, and

colleagues gather to wish him well as he marks his retirement from a

decades long career fighting on behalf of America's working families.
Bill has been an extraordinary leader, advocate and friend.
And, while

I have no doubt that he will continue to stay engaged, the AFL-CIO and

the labor movement will not be the same without him.
A graduate of Oberlin College and the George Washington University

Law Center, Bill knew early on that he wanted to focus his professional

life on labor law.
He began his career as a legislative representative

for the National Treasury Employees Union and the American Federation

of Government Employees, representing federal employees across a

multitude of agencies.
Bill went on to serve as the chief lobbyist at the United Mine

Workers of America (UMWA).
At the time, the UMWA had not found its

voice and he helped to turn that around.
For Bill, the fight to ensure

safe working conditions, fair wages, and secure health and retirement

benefits has always been a core value.
It is his deep commitment to

those values that have guided his career.
That was perhaps most

profoundly exemplified as Bill led the successful effort to pass

federal legislation guaranteeing lifetime health benefits to hundreds

of thousands of retired miners and their dependents.
In doing so, he

quite literally changed their lives.
In 1995, Bill transitioned to federal service when he Joined the

Clinton Administration, serving as associate deputy secretary of labor

under Secretaries Robert Reich and Alexis Herman.
In 2000, Bill became

senior policy adviser to Vice President Al Gore, a role in which he was

both a principal adviser on labor policy issues and liaison to

organized labor.
This professional diversion allowed him the

opportunity to shape and implement policies that he had long advocated

for.
Following his federal service, Bill returned to the labor movement,

joining the AFL-CIO where he served as the Director of Government

Affairs for nearly twenty-five years.
Made up of 55 affiliated unions

and representing more than 12.5 million working Americans, it takes a

unique combination of organization, insight, and leadership to work

with such various entities to create a unified message and agenda.
Bill

has a unique talent for building consensus--a skill set which he has

used throughout his career.
Coordinating with each member union,

engaging with leadership as well as rank and file, while also providing

guidance and advocacy to Congressional Members and staff, Bill has

built a distinguished reputation with all those who have had the

opportunity to work with him.
I, like many others, am so grateful to

have benefited from his expertise and counsel.
I thank him for that as

well as his many years of friendship and support.
In a professional career that has spanned more than six decades, Bill

Samuel has left an indelible mark on the labor movement in America.
Many of those whose lives have been improved by his work will never

meet or know Bill.