Title: CONGRATULATING WILLIAM COFIELD WIDNER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
74

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING WILLIAM COFIELD WIDNER

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

William Cofield Widner on his well-deserved retirement from Southern

Company after 43 years of service.
Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Southern Company provides clean,

safe, reliable and affordable energy to 9 million customers nationwide,

including throughout the State of Georgia and its First Congressional

District.
Throughout his career, Cofield's hard work, dedication and commitment

to the communities where he has lived and served has made an indelible

mark on our state and Nation.
A Georgia native, Cofield began his career at Southern Company in

1981 and has served in various roles including at Georgia Power and

Southern Company Gas.
A portion of his career focused on serving

customers in his hometown of Newnan.
He also supported Georgia Power's

residential and commercial customers, resource planning, nuclear

development and regulatory affairs organizations, which recently

announced the successful operation of America's first new carbon-free

nuclear energy reactors in more than 30 years at Plant Vogtle.
Additionally, Cofield's work with the Georgia Department of Economic

Development's ``Georgia Allies'' partnership has helped continually

enhance the state's business climate, keeping Georgia ranked as the

number-one state for business according to Area Development magazine.
On behalf of the people of the State of Georgia, I congratulate

Cofield and wish him, his wife Jane, his sons Drew and Jack, and his

grandson Bo the very best as he enters the next phase of his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BILL MORITZ

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to honor the devotion, wisdom,

and innovative

philanthropy of a Pikes Peak community champion, Bill Moritz.
He was

prematurely taken from us on March 16, 2024 at only 72 years of age by

cancer.
Bill was a man of unwavering faith and tireless dedication to

the Lord, to community service, and to mission-based companies.
After earning a bachelor's degree from the University of Missouri,

Bill met his wife Mary Lee Martin in 1975.
Together they raised four

children In 1985, Bill earned a Juris Doctorate degree from the O.W.

Coburn School of Law, embarking on a career and path that would impact

countless lives.
A Christian discipleship ministry, The Navigators, brought the Moritz

family to Colorado Springs in 1985.
Bill founded Moritz & Associates,

PC in 1988 and practiced law in Colorado Springs for over 35 years.
He

specialized in estate planning, non-profit organizations, and business

law.
He was lead attorney for From Success 2 Significance which

provides training and strategies that empower generous families to live

a more significant life.
Out of personal tragedy in 1998, when the Moritz's daughter Breanna

Joy was killed in a car accident, there emerged Joy to the World

Foundation Thailand.
Bill and Mary Lee founded this anti-trafficking

ministry to protect vulnerable children and families in northern

Thailand.
His passion for wise and impactful philanthropy led him to

co-found a community foundation in Colorado Springs in 1989.
Bill

served as the Executive Director of the New Horizons Foundation until

his death.
In 2003 Bill founded Joy to the World Foundation to help

philanthropic families and ministry professionals multiply the impact

of their generosity and service.
Bill's 35 years of wise counsel helped numerous ministries, including

among may others: The LeTourneau University Foundation, Navigators,

Baptist Bible College and Seminary, Harvest Workers, Christian

Broadcasting Network, International Bible Society, Compassion

International, Oral Roberts University, Seattle Pacific University,

Young Life, The Christian and Missionary Alliance Denomination, Summit

Ministries, Christian Blind Mission International, HCJB World Radio,

Mission Aviation Fellowship, Mission of Mercy, and the YMCA.
Bill also

authored a book, Unlocking The Full Potential of Your Assets; Creative

Uses of the Charitable Remainder Unitrust.