These nationwide celebrations

are a testament to Sammy's admirable ability to make an impression on

those around him.
His company will be dearly missed by those who had

the privilege to know him.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the

incredibly full life of Sammy McDowell and recognizing his

accomplishments in entrepreneurship and community-building, and his

immeasurable impact on the people and city of Minneapolis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER AND RETIREMENT OF DR.
ROBERT `BOB' PRUD'HOMME

HON.
ANDY KIM

Mr. KIM of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career

and retirement of Dr. Robert `Bob' Prud'homme, a Senior Scholar and

Professor at Princeton University who's work pioneering key facets of

COVID-19 vaccination distribution helped save millions of lives across

the globe.
A Mercer County resident, Bob is a retired Captain of the United

States Army who proudly served his country during the Vietnam War.
After his bravery in Vietnam, Bob was an environmental engineer in the

U.S. Army Armaments Command where he received the Bronze Star and an

Army Commendations Medal.
Bob excelled in his studies, earning a Bachelor of Science in

Chemical Engineering from Stanford University, a Masters Degree in

Environmental Science and Public Policy from Harvard University, and

finally a Doctoral Degree in Chemical Engineering from the University

of Wisconsin--Madison.
After this illustrious academic career, he began

his tenure at Princeton University in 1978 as an adjunct professor in

chemical engineering.
Bob has spent these last 46 years educating the next generation of

engineers in New Jersey, and dedicating his own research to developing

technologies that help make cost effective medicines and vaccinations.
His work proved invaluable at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The

technology he developed allowed for quick dissemination of COVID-19

vaccinations that helped save millions of lives across the globe.
This

technology is just one of many achievements Bob has pioneered

throughout his long career.
His research has been published over 400

times in national and international publications and his work has

received support from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
He has

also received many accolades and honors throughout his career,

including recently being elected to the National Academy of

Engineering.
Not only is Bob an exceptional engineer and researcher, he has been

an active member at Princeton Community Church for over two decades.
It

was here that he met his wife, Dottie.
The couple now continues to

bring the community together through twice-monthly bible study sessions

at their home.
Husband, father to six, and grandfather to eleven, Bob

is always available to read a story, take a kid fishing, or perform a

scientific experiment with his family.
Students, colleagues, and

neighbors all know Bob's passion for fly fishing through the many trips

with friends he has planned to fishing locations across the country.
Bob embodies the spirit of service that makes me proud to represent

people like him in New Jersey's Third Congressional District.
We are

lucky to have him as a member of our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WILLIAM C. TOOMBS

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor WWII veteran and

Arkansas Native, Mr. William Toombs, who will soon celebrate his 100th

birthday.
Mr. Toombs served as a flight engineer gunner on both B17s and B24s

with the 493rd bomb group of the 8th Army Air Force, also known as the

``Mighty 8th.''
He flew his first mission on June 6, 1944--D-Day--and went on to

carry out over twenty successful missions.
For his heroism, Toombs was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross,

as well as several Air Medals and foreign decorations.
In 2021, he was

inducted into the Arkansas Military Veterans Hall of Fame.