154.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AISYSS AMAYA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Aisyss Amaya

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Aisyss has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Aisyss, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Aisyss's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Aisyss Amaya on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALAN WIKETT

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions of one of my constituents, Mr. Alan Wikett.
Mr.

Wikett is the founder of Warrior 321, an anti-human trafficking

awareness group.
According to those who have worked alongside him, Mr.

Wikett's passion for prevention and assistance is unrivaled.
Though he

is supposed to be retired, he is constantly on the road educating

different organizations and gathering new intel to help the

organization better keep our community safe.
He has spearheaded many

successful initiatives to educate victims of human trafficking about

the availability of services that can keep them safe and at-risk

populations about how to avoid becoming a victim.
Mr. Wikett has also

spoken to countless civic organizations to help garner support and

raise awareness about the dangers of human trafficking.
It is clear that Mr. Wikett has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community and on the lives of countless people he has worked with

in the fight against the horrific crime of human trafficking.
I am

grateful for his service.