Carolyn Ramsay of the Hancock Park neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.
Born in Philadelphia, Carolyn is the youngest of 5 children of Jean and Jack Ramsay.
She attended the University of Oregon and received a bachelor's degree in sociology in 1981.
Carolyn worked as a journalist from 1986 to 2006 including as a magazine writer for Los Angeles Times Magazine, Buzz Magazine, and SELF magazine, correspondent for People Magazine, and staff writer at the Stamford Advocate.
Following her career as a journalist, 
Ms. Ramsay served as the communications director and deputy chief of staff for the late Los Angeles City Councilman Tom LaBonge from 2006 to 2011, thereafter serving as the Los Angeles Program Director for the Trust for Public Land from 2011 to 2012, before returning to work for Councilman LaBonge as Chief of Staff from 2012 to 2014.
In 2018, Carolyn went on to serve as the Executive Director for the Los Angeles Parks Foundation.
Under her leadership, many parks in Los Angeles were improved and expanded for people to enjoy in the years ahead.
After 5 years with the organization, Carolyn recently retired from her position.
In addition to her illustrious career, 
Ms. Ramsay has always found the time to volunteer and give back to the community.
She served on the board of trustees of Temple Israel of Hollywood, board of advisors of Hollywood Wilshire YMCA, and as board president of the Windsor Square Association from 2002 to 2005, where she led the organization during the planting of hundreds of street trees and was instrumental in the efforts for the historic preservation.
She has received several awards including Windsor Square Hancock Park Historical Society's Leadership Award, Wilshire Community Police Council's Lifetime Achievement Award, and in 2023 was named Nonprofit Executive of the Year for a medium sized organization by the Los Angeles Business Journal.
Carolyn is married to her husband, Andy Goodman, who is a public interest consultant.
Their son, Daniel Goodman, is a podcast producer for iHeartRadio in Los Angeles, and their daughter, Olivia Goodman, is about to begin her third year of medical school at the Kaiser Permanente Bernard J. Tyson School of Medicine in Pasadena.
I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, wellrespected woman of California's 30th Congressional District, Carolyn Ramsay.