Ms. Serrano is a co-founder of Sunland Tujunga Forward (ST Forward), a non-profit organization that focuses on equity, anti-racism, intersectional feminism, land stewardship, and transformative relationships through collaborative action.
ST Forward organizes an annual Indigenous Peoples Day, monthly land restoration events at Big Tujunga Canyon, an annual Pride Festival, and native plantings and curriculum at local schools.
She served as Co-Artistic Director of Nuestro Lugar: North Shore, an innovative large-scale resident-designed, culture-driven community development project in a rural community on the Salton Sea, and she cofounded Nomad Lab, an award-winning non-profit arts organization that worked with Canyon Country and Newhall residents and city officials to develop art-centered initiatives and inclusive spaces for learning, community organizing, and grassroots change through the arts.
Ms. Serrano is the co-founder of I.D.E.A. Wave Co-lab, a project that creates open-source tools for coalitions, organizations, schools, and communities to support their journeys of transformative justice healing.
She has worked in partnerships with visual and performing artists, policy makers, writers, educators and students, community organizers, non-profit organizations, and diverse communities nationally and internationally, and her curatorial projects have been featured in Los Angeles, Miami, Baltimore, and in Mexico, Uruguay, and Israel.
Evelyn has taught courses on activism, the arts and community engagement at CalArts and has led workshops and lectured in Miami, Dallas, Los Angeles and Baja, California.
She is the lead artist of El Acercamiento/The Approach, a transnational art project with U.S. and Cuban artists and, is an Arts for Advocacy Fellow and the Director of Arts Integration and Visual Arts Specialist at the California Creative Learning Academy.
In addition, Evelyn is training to become a seed keeper with a Mohawk leader, working to develop nature spaces and curriculum for growing and rehydrating our connection to the Earth, seeds and all creation.
Ms. Serrano has been recognized and supported by the National Endowment for the Arts, the Los Angeles County Commission on Human Relations, and the Los Angeles County Department of Arts.
I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, wellrespected woman of California's 30th Congressional District, Evelyn Serrano.