Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as we pay special tribute to the contributions and sacrifices made by our Nation's women during Women's History Month.
It is an honor to pay homage to outstanding women who are making a difference in my Congressional District.
I would like to recognize a remarkable woman, Dr. Marie Levine of Pasadena, California.
Marie arrived in Pasadena in 1982 from France to attend the California Institute of Technology (Caltech), where she received a master's degree and a Ph.D. degree in engineering.
Upon graduation, she joined the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL), where she is still working to this day.
As a Principal Engineer, Marie's work has focused on formulating and developing extreme precision space observatories for NASA Astrophysics science missions.
On her latest project, the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), she guided the integrated modeling and simulations required to predict the observatory's performance in space.
Because of its complexity, JWST could not be fully tested on the ground prior to launch, and verification of the on-orbit imaging quality and stability had to be done primarily by computer simulations.
This task was especially daunting because there were no flight precedents to build upon and new modeling techniques had to be developed for predicting motion stability to the accuracy of one thousandth the diameter of a human hair across the 6-meter telescope.
The job also involved coordinating the work of hundreds of engineers from across the country, including from universities, NASA center, and aerospace contractors.
The amazing images produced by the telescope are a testament to the many who contributed and Marie's outstanding leadership.
This telescope will enable new scientific discoveries by looking back in time for how solar systems and galaxies formed after the Big Bang, and by detecting signs of life in the chemical composition of planets around other stars.
Integrated modeling is now being successfully implemented on NASA's next astrophysics observatory, the Nancy Grace Roman Space Telescope, and Dr. Levine is on NASA's Standing Review Board as the integrated modeling specialist.
With other experts around the country, she is currently working on early formulation plans for a large space telescope mission to find and characterize Earth-like planets.
For her remarkable achievements in her field, Marie has received many awards during her 32-year career at JPL, including the JPL Magellan Award and the NASA Exceptional Service Medal.
Active in her community and with a love of gardening, she volunteered with the Pasadena Water and Power Department to create a drought tolerant demonstration garden at the Sheldon Reservoir, which was recently acknowledged by the State of California Secretary of Natural Resources.
I ask all Members to join me in honoring this exceptional, wellrespected woman of California's 30th Congressional District, Dr. Marie Levine.