First, we had a Chancellor who embellished her CV, then we had a Transport Secretary with a fraud conviction, and now we have an anti-corruption Minister who is being investigated for corruption.
I know that the Prime Minister likes living in free accommodation, but does he really think that it is appropriate that his Minister is being given free housing by the political allies of some very dubious foreign regimes?
The City Minister has acted appropriately by referring herself to the independent adviser.
We brought in our new ministerial code to allow Ministers to ask to establish the facts, and I am not going to give a running commentary on that important exercise.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for the help that you have given me over the last couple of days.
I wrote to the England and Wales Cricket Board regarding the upcoming game against Afghanistan on  26 February , and the championship trophy.
I have met with the ECB, and we are calling for the game to be boycotted.
I thank everybody for the support that I have had across this House and in the other place.
I also thank the Prime Minister very much for his intervention with the International Cricket Council yesterday, but will he please agree to meet his counterparts in South Africa and Australia, and ask them to boycott the games as well?
There has been an appalling erosion of the rights of women and girls in Afghanistan.
We should all condemn that suppression of freedoms in the strongest terms.
That is why we have provided additional aid, at least 50% of which will go to women and girls.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport is in touch with our international counterparts on this issue.
I welcome the England and Wales Cricket Board making strong representations to the International Cricket Council on Afghanistan’s women’s cricket team.
Setting aside the matter of grooming gangs, the Opposition amendment on today’s Order Paper sets out very clearly why the Bill that we will be debating is so deeply flawed.
If it is to become an Act of Parliament, it will have to be completely rewritten in Committee.
The Prime Minister has made much from the Dispatch Box of his service as the public prosecutor, so could he tell the House why, during his time in that capacity, he declined to instigate a prosecution, for rape and sexual abuse, against Mohamed Fayed?
That case never crossed my desk.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During an answer about police numbers, the Prime Minister said that someone on the Conservative Benches shouted “Boring!”
May I correct the record following a request from Hansard?
I actually  said “Bingo!”, because of the repetitive and overused clichés that the Prime Minister was using.
You have corrected the record.
I would not have owned up in the way you did, but there we are.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit quantitative easing; to prohibit the Government from indemnifying any losses that may result from quantitative easing; and for connected purposes.
The purpose of this draft legislation is to ensure that the state is as economically accountable to the people as the people are to the state.
That means terminating the state’s ability to debase the value of money through practices such as quantitative easing, which is not an option for the individual.
Clipping, sweating, plugging and cutting are forms of coin debasement either by Government or individuals.
The most famous modern UK example was the great debasement between 1544 and 1551, when Henry VIII reduced the gold and silver content of coinage by the use of base metals such as copper in order to fund his bacchanalian overspending and wars with France.
It has been a common feature of Government behaviour over the 5,000 years of gold trading history, and it continues today in the form of quantitative easing.
With no gold standard to constrain unproductive investment and direct capital to sound and profitable investment ventures, policymakers today have become obsessed with short-term stimuli centred on the performance of stock and bond markets.
Central banks have become uncontrolled, unconstrained and reckless in their pursuit of delivering non-stop, unsustainable global growth driven by credit.
QE is what third-world dictators used to indulge in shortly before their currencies descended into chaos, but it has now become a mainstream tool to avoid the Darwinian reality of capitalism.
History is littered with examples of Governments, dictators and kings abusing their hard-working citizens.
Coinage during Rome’s ascendant years was bolder, larger and widely accepted, but it reduced in size, weight and content as her empire waned.
There was John Law’s Mississippi scheme in France in 1716 to 1720, when he and the Duke of Orléans, who was regent for Louis XV, presided over an establishment-backed scheme on the premise that paper money was preferrable to gold or a metal-backed currency, and that shares were a superior form of money as they paid dividends.
It was, in essence, the first national central bank.
It ended in chaotic collapse, and it badly damaged France and her economy.
National debt was supported by printed money in the same way as today through QE via central banks globally.
I fear that the ending will be the same in due course.
In Weimar Germany, after the first world war, the Reichsbank had become accustomed to printing money to fund the wartime economy, increasing marks in circulation from two billion to 45 billion between 1914 and 1919.
State debt rose by 30 times, from 5 billion marks to 153 billion marks.
That continued with the value of the mark going into freefall in early 1923 and the issuance of notes of up to 100 trillion marks, before sense returned.
It was a time of moral decline, short-termism and prostitution that benefited the opportunists, not  the long-term wealth creators.
With currency devaluation came a decline in all that had previously been cherished, including loyalty, faith, morals, innocence and honour.
Over recent times, capitalism in the UK and globally has been undermined as states have grown in size and central banks have distorted logic.
Systemic risk management via the clearing banks in the ’70s was gradually replaced by more overt interventions, including by Alan Greenspan in 1987, and in 1997 when Long-Term Capital Management, an offshore company, was bailed out by the US Government.
The year 2008 was a watershed moment, when Gordon Brown bailed out financial institutions at an estimated cost to taxpayers of £137 billion, followed by quantitative easing between March 2009 and August 2016.
That was dwarfed by the actions of Hank Paulson and Ben Bernanke in the US in 2008.
They used $700 billion of intervention to prop up the financial system generally, particularly AIG.
During the covid crisis of 2020 and 2021, when many bad decisions were taken by an already bloated state, between £310 billion and £410 billion—equivalent to between £4,600 and £6,100 per person in the UK—was spent in a number of questionable centrally planned interventions.
In rather the same way as early Weimar Germany, Britain finds itself heavily indebted and continuing to run multiple deficits, making matters progressively worse.
Our moral decline is clearly evident, as true capitalism has been undermined by regular intervention, increasing state regulation and a growing, bloated and inefficient state.
It is interesting that Weimar Germany’s revival started with the dismissal of many civil servants, and social welfare spending being massively cut.
The French Government’s recent funding crisis makes it look even more like a national Ponzi scheme than in the UK.
Both wings of French politics refused to sanction debt reduction despite the budget deficit being expected to rise to over 113% of GDP by this year.
Market concerns are pushing the euro lower and France’s borrowing costs higher, with bond yields briefly surpassing Spain’s for the first time since 2008.
Javier Milei, Argentina’s President since 2023, has brought significant economic reforms with his radical libertarian agenda, earning both praise and criticism.
Milei’s focus has been on cutting public sector spending, reducing inflation and implementing drastic fiscal adjustments, which have led to improvements in Argentina’s economy.
Inflation has fallen from nearly 300% to around 119%, public sector jobs have been reduced by 35,000, and the country has achieved a primary fiscal surplus.
Argentina’s economy has also exited recession, with a growth rate of 3.9%, and borrowing costs have dropped, signalling reduced debt default risks.
Elon Musk has been appointed to lead Donald Trump’s new Department of government efficiency, which he will co-run with Trump ally and entrepreneur Vivek Ramaswamy.
Musk said that the Department’s creation would address Government waste and inefficiency.
Trump described DOGE as a transformative initiative aimed at slashing bureaucracy, cutting regulations and restructuring federal agencies, and likened it to the Manhattan project.
Money is the foundation of all human exchange of enterprise and replaced barter in the earliest communities.
It allows for the transfer of skills through a transferable medium such as a coin, a note or indeed a transfer.
By a continuous process of inflation, no matter how it is  perpetrated, Governments can confiscate—secretly and unobserved—an important part of the wealth of their citizens.
As they do so, the size of the state inevitably grows, and it becomes a self-serving, greedy master of the people it should be serving.
Common-sense logic and human relationships among working people are inevitably undermined, and there is a general moral decline in society.
Taxes should be transparent, justifiable and simple.
The cost of government should be covered by taxes alone, limiting the growth of excessive statism.
Gold has historically been the standard store of value and protection against currency debasement for over 5,000 years.
It is interesting that profligate Governments always denigrate gold-holding, and holding it is often banned by Governments in crisis who have deceived their electorate.
The words of President Woodrow Wilson after he signed the Federal Reserve Act should serve as a warning to all of us: “I am a most unhappy man.
I have unwittingly ruined my country.
A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit.
Our system of credit is concentrated.
The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men.
We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilised world—no longer a Government by free option, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men.”
Friedrich von Hayek, an eminent Austrian-school economist, said: “I do not think it is an exaggeration to say history is largely a history of inflation, usually inflations engineered by governments for the gain of governments.”
Given the historical track record of states abusing their citizens by various forms of currency debasement, including QE, the default position should be to make it illegal, unless this democratically elected House has an informed vote supporting debasement.
This Bill seeks to achieve that position, and I commend it to the House.
Question put and agreed to.
Order.
One of us has to sit down, Rupert—I have got to do my bit.
You come back in a minute.
Who will prepare and bring in the Bill?
Richard Tice, Jim Allister, myself and others, Mr Speaker.
You have got to name them.
You cannot not name them.
James McMurdock—[Interruption.]
Maybe Rachel Reeves, I don’t know.
[Laughter.]
Can you just read the names for clarity, so that Hansard has them?
Richard Tice, Jim Allister, James McMurdock, Lee Anderson and myself, Mr Speaker.
Ordered, That Rupert Lowe, Richard Tice, Jim Allister, James McMurdock and Lee Anderson present the Bill.
Rupert Lowe accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January , and to be printed (Bill 155).
Second Reading [Relevant documents: Seventh Report of the Education Committee of Session 2022-23, Persistent absence and support for disadvantaged pupils, HC 970, and the Government response, Session 2023-24, HC 368; Oral evidence taken before the Education Committee on  17 December 2024 , on Children’s Social Care, HC 430] The reasoned amendment in the name of the Leader of the Opposition has been selected.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
In the week in which we return to this House and our children return to school, I am proud to be the Secretary of State for Education in a truly child-centred Government.
The actions I take and the decisions I make are always in pursuit of what is best for the children of this country, and that starts with keeping them safe.
After little more than six months in power, we are delivering the change that is many years overdue.
No more lessons learned, no more paper pushing and no more foot dragging: it is time for Government to act, and this Government will act with the urgency that our children deserve and our country demands.
This Bill puts forward bold new measures to keep children safe.
These include a new legal obligation for safeguarding partners to work hand in hand with education, because it is often teachers who first see the signs of abuse and neglect; a new duty to establish multi-agency child protection teams, because keeping children safe is everyone’s business; a new power to put in place a unique identifier for children, sharing information so that no child falls through the cracks; a new compulsory register of children not in school in every area of England, because if children are not in school, we need to know where they are; and a new requirement for local authority consent for parents to home-educate their children if they are on a child protection plan or subject to child protection inquiries.
I respect parents’ rights to make choices about their child’s education, but children’s safety must always come first, and under this Government, their safety will always come first.
Let us be crystal clear: a vote against this Bill today is a vote against the safety of our children, against their childhoods and against their futures.
Today, Conservative MPs have a choice: they can choose to back measures to protect children, or they can choose to chase headlines.
They can choose to transform the lives of the most vulnerable young people in this country, or they can choose to sacrifice their safety for political gain.
They can choose to show the public that they have finally learned the lessons of their resounding election defeat, or they can show voters that they are still unfit to govern.
I want to be very clear that the conduct of politicians, be they on the Conservative Benches or anywhere else, who put the pursuit of headlines today above the safety of children tomorrow is sickening and shameful.
A previous generation of Conservative politicians would not have had the slightest hesitation in saying that the conduct of today’s Opposition in seeking to block this Bill is quite simply beneath contempt.