The Secretary of State has mentioned previous generations of politicians, and all of us in this House must recognise that we follow in the footsteps of giants.
Tony Blair, Lord Adonis and others created the academy system that was built on under the last Conservative Government and brought about a transformation of English education.
Why does the Secretary of State want to dismantle decades of work by Members across this House and bring about a gross socialist uniformity that will destroy the progress that has been made?
That is simply a mischaracterisation, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows it.
I will come on to the wider schools measures in this Bill later in my speech, but I note that he had nothing to say in his intervention about the safety of children and the measures we are discussing today.
The wrecking amendment that the Leader of the Opposition has tabled would block the very important, very serious measures that the Conservatives have been telling us for days they want to see put in place.
If they want those measures, they need to support them.
The right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  mentioned uniformity, but the only uniform measures I can see in the Bill are about saving parents money on uniform bills, which I think we can all welcome.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the fragmentation of the school system created by the last Government led to many young people falling through the gaps, which is a huge issue?
I will come on to the wider point of collaboration later in my speech.
Collaboration across the school system is crucial, but my hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the really important measures in the Bill that will put more money back in parents’ pockets by cutting the cost of school uniforms and bringing in breakfast clubs in primary schools across our country.
This is child-centred legislation through and through—legislation that backs parents to do the best for their children.
This Government are on a mission to break down the barriers to opportunity, driven forward by the plan for change unveiled by the Prime Minister in December.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is a huge step forward in that journey of reform, starting with child safety and building from there.
It is an agenda for excellence—for safe and secure childhoods, because healthy and happy futures are built on nothing less.
It is an agenda for excellence—for high and rising standards, because we will accept nothing less.
It is an agenda for excellence—for a top-quality core offer in all of our schools, because parents demand nothing less.
It is an agenda for excellence, because every child in this country deserves nothing less.
That is what mission-led government is all about: child-centred action across Departments, between professions and through partnership.
What matters about families is not the shape that they have, but the love they give.
That is why, back in October, we announced the expansion of our work on fostering and on the trialling of a new kinship care allowance.
It is why, in November, I came to this House to set out the biggest reform of children’s social care in  a generation.
It is why this Government then backed those changes with almost £300 million of investment, including the biggest ever investment in kinship care.
It is why today I return to this House to cement our reforms in legislation, and to build a children’s social care system that is forward-looking, excellence-driven and child-centred.
Our first priority is to keep children with their family wherever it is safe to do so, so the Bill mandates all local authorities to offer family group decision making.
With the guidance of skilled professionals, families with children at risk of falling into care will be supported to build a plan that works for them.
We are strengthening support for kinship care, so that vulnerable children can live with the people they know and trust, wherever that is possible.
However, despite the best efforts of all involved, some children will inevitably need to enter care, so we must reform the system so that it works for them.
I know that Members right across this House share my outrage at the excessive and exploitative profit making that we have seen from some private providers.
It is shameful, it is unacceptable, and it will end.
I know that my right hon.
Friend has a good head for numbers.
Will she be doing some evaluation of the cost and benefits of investing in kinship care, so that we can reduce not just the cost to the child, but the cost to the taxpayer of expensive child social care?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In my time with her on the Public Accounts Committee, I learned all too well the importance of those principles.
The previous Government had work under way on understanding not just the benefits for children of staying close to those who can care for them best, but the spiralling costs and the need to take action.
However, what we did not see from that Government was action, and that is why we are today making sure that we deliver better for our children.
This Bill gives the Government, through the Secretary of State, the power to introduce a profit cap.
Providers should take note: we will not hesitate to use this power to protect our most vulnerable children.
Children must always have somewhere to live if private providers unexpectedly collapse.
That is why this Bill introduces a new financial oversight scheme to increase transparency and strengthen forward planning.
Children need support when they leave care, too, so the Bill will require all local authorities to offer care leavers emotional and practical support through the Staying Close programme—support in finding a great place to live, support in accessing the right services at the right time, and support in going on to live a healthy, happy life.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill provides the safe and secure foundation that all children need, and it builds on that foundation with urgent reform to all our schools, so that every child can achieve and thrive.
That means schools being at the beating heart of their communities.
That is why this Bill legislates for free breakfast clubs in every state-funded primary school, so that children get a welcoming, softer start to the day.
It means schools where children come together to eat, learn and grow.
It is good for attendance, good for attainment and good for behaviour.
Before my election, I spent nearly 20 years as a secondary school teacher, seeing at first hand the devastating effects of food poverty on children’s health, concentration and academic performance.
I welcome the introduction of free breakfast clubs in primary schools, which will improve child health and learning outcomes in England, as seen in Wales.
However, I urge further action to ensure that all children can thrive.
Will the Government consider extending free breakfasts to secondary school students, and will consideration be given to access to free school lunches as well?
We will of course always keep further action under review.
Through the child poverty taskforce, which I co-chair the Work and Pensions Secretary, we are considering what further action is required to make sure that families have more money in their pockets and can increase their income, and will take action.
The growing number of children we have seen in poverty in our country is a source of national shame, and Conservative Members are responsible for that record.
School uniform is important for building a sense of community, but too many families tell us that the cost remains a heavy burden, so our Bill limits the number of branded items that schools can require pupils to have, putting money back in parents’ pockets.
I want children in school and ready to learn, and that is why the Government’s plan for change sets a milestone for record numbers of five-year-olds reaching a good level of development.
That is vital for giving every child the best start in life, but that is just the beginning, because I want high and rising standards for every child in every school.
That is one of the surest ways that we can break the link between background and success for millions of children.
That matters for every child, not just a lucky few.
Life should not come down to luck.
When Governments forget that, it is not the children of Conservative Members who lose out; it is working-class kids across our country.
I know that better than most, and I will take no lectures from the Conservative party on what it takes to deliver better life chances for working-class kids.
Reported figures for 2022 and 2023 show an increase in the proportion of children living in low-income families, and no change in the proportion of children living in absolute low-income families.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Bill will improve the household finances of families and the life chances of children in my constituency of Wolverhampton West?
Absolutely.
The Bill will put hundreds of pounds back into family finances and back into parents’ pockets by cutting the cost of school uniform, and by introducing breakfast clubs in every state-funded primary school.
However, we recognise that there is so much more we need to do, because child poverty scars the life chances of far too many in our country.
Could the Secretary of State comment on the falling rolls in some parts of this country, particularly London?
Most local authorities unfortunately take the option of closing schools, which is very damaging to children and to local communities.
Clause 50 appears to give her some powers  of intervention, so we could perhaps instead downsize such schools, which would mean we kept the sense of them being community schools.
That is so important, particularly in the poorest parts of many London boroughs.
Can she give us some hope that there will be intervention, so that we keep community schools?
A number of provisions in the Bill deal precisely with that challenge.
We recognise that in London—but shortly this will be the case right across our country—there are challenges that come with falling rolls and making sure that we manage that properly.
That will require schools to work with local councils, and to collaborate on managing admissions and place planning.
It will also require decisions on how we make best use of the schools estate.
That is why we have started encouraging primary schools to bid to open primary-based nurseries.
The recent pilot programme for that has closed, and we were delighted to see so many applications.
There is also an opportunity to think about using the space that will open up as a result of falling rolls to create additional provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities, so that they can go to a school much closer to home, and can go to school with their friends, in their local community.
There has been welcome consensus that a high-quality state education should be the right of all children.
That consensus has helped to ensure that innovations—from Ofsted to the national curriculum and academies—have stood the test of time, as Governments of all parties have driven reform.
Academies, introduced by the last Labour Government and expanded by the Conservative party, have been instrumental in raising standards in our school system.
They have delivered brilliant results, particularly for the most disadvantaged children, and they will continue their record of excellence under this Labour Government.
However, this consensus must not stifle progress.
While the Conservative party did make some progress over the past 14 years, it must reckon with its many failures.
For example, one in four children leaves primary school without meeting the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
Tens of thousands of children do not secure good maths or English GCSEs.
One in five children is regularly absent from school; they are unable to learn if they are not there, and hold back their classmates when they return.
There are also hundreds of thousands of children in schools that perform poorly year after year.
Protecting the foundations should not mean that we do not build on them.
After a decade of stagnation—I say a decade because Conservative Members will remember a time when they had an Education Secretary who was determined to deliver reform—now is the time to press on and, once again, deliver for our children.
Members will see in the Bill a respect for the fundamentals, twinned with the drive to go further and deliver high and rising standards for each and every child.
We inherited a system that was too fragmented, and that too often incentivised harmful competition over helpful collaboration.