We took some tough decisions.
They led to a Budget that delivered the largest settlement to Scotland since devolution began.
If he thinks we should now reverse that, he should say so.
The money has been given, so now the SNP has the money, the power and no more excuses for the non-delivery that we see in Scotland.
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants me to reverse that, he should say so.
Feeling safe in our communities is among the most basic of human needs, but after 14 years of Tory cuts to Durham’s frontline police— After breaking the criminal justice system, too many of my constituents are victims of violence, theft and antisocial behaviour and those crimes too often go unpunished.
I know the Prime Minister has had a lifelong commitment to protecting victims.
What assurances can he give my constituents that our new Government will be tough on crime and on the causes of crime?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that important issue.
I have to say, when he said that there were cuts to police and somebody opposite said “Boring!”, that tells us everything we need to know about the last 14 years.
My hon.
Friend is right: we need to crack down on those committing vile acts in our  communities.
That is why our plan for change puts 13,000 extra police and police community support officers into neighbourhood policing, and includes a 3.5% real-terms increase and tough new respect orders.
Where they lost control, we will take back control and deliver safe and secure communities.
My constituent Dipak first opened the doors to his pharmacy in 1991 and he has been serving the Chelmsford community ever since, greeting many of his patients by name.
However, Dipak’s business is struggling.
His NHS contract no longer covers the cost of the drugs he has to dispense.
For example, he has sometimes been forced to pay over 100 times more than his contract provides for a particular mental health drug.
Dipak is dipping into his life savings to keep his pharmacy afloat and I am sure that many other pharmacists across the country are doing the same.
Does the Prime Minister agree that no pharmacist should be forced to use their own money to keep their pharmacy viable?