The Prime Minister is being very specific.
I have raised this issue: I have raised it in speeches, and I have raised it publicly.
The Prime Minister knows that as a Minister I would not have been speaking on this specific issue, because I was not a Home Office Minister, but let me remind him about other victims who came to me whom I did help.
The victims of the Tavistock scandal came to me, as a Minister, and I did not send them away, like his Safeguarding Minister.
I made sure, as his Labour party was calling me transphobic, that we launched the Cass review, which even his Health Secretary has accepted.
We do right by victims.
The reason why a national inquiry is important is that this issue is systemic.
It involves local and national officials, the police, prosecutors and politicians.
The Prime Minister talks about some of the local inquiries, but these interlinked issues cannot be covered by local inquiries alone.
In fact, the leaders of the Manchester inquiry resigned because they could not get evidence, they could not summon witnesses, and not a single person in a position of authority has been held to account.
The Prime Minister called for nine inquiries during the last Parliament.
Does he not see that resisting this one means that people will start to worry about a cover-up?
This is an important issue, and we have to focus on the victims and survivors.
The lies, misinformation and slinging of mud do not help them one bit.
The right hon.
Lady raised a victim’s question, and quite rightly too.
I accept that victims and survivors are in different places on this.
Those I have spoken to are worried about the delay of a further inquiry.
The last inquiry took seven years, which would take us to 2031.
Among the issues that have been raised with me—the right hon.
Lady has been speaking to victims, and they will have raised this with her—is that it is very hard for victims and survivors to come forward to explain what has happened to them.
They do not want to be rushed through this process, which is why the last one took seven years.
It is not sensible to suggest that it can be done in a hurry, on the cheap and comprehensively.
That would take us to, let us say, 2030 or 2031.
The victims I have spoken to want action today.
I agree with them on that, but what I genuinely do not understand is why anybody would vote against the children’s wellbeing Bill, which will protect children who are vulnerable today.
It will kill the Bill.
It will stop the provisions for children at risk today.
I implore the Opposition to vote for the Bill.
Do not wreck it in this misguided way.
It is very possible to have shorter inquiries, especially if they cover areas that have not been looked at yet.
We do not need to repeat the work that has already been done; let us look at new areas.
Former Labour MP Ann Cryer said that there were councillors and MPs all over the country who knew what was going on but were terrified of being labelled racist.
A national inquiry would ask if there was a racial or cultural motivation behind some of these crimes, where white girls were seen, as Jack Straw said, as “easy meat”.
The hon.
Member for Rotherham (Sarah Champion)  was sacked from Labour’s Front Bench for speaking out about rape gangs.
Does the Prime Minister now recognise that sacking people for telling the truth creates a chilling effect that means victims are not listened to?
I am very happy to call out anybody who has not acted properly in these cases.
I have done it many, many times before, and it does not matter to me which political party they are in.
I will call them out, and I will condemn them.
When I was chief prosecutor, I took measures to confront this issue head-on.
The first of the mass prosecutions for an Asian gang was in Rochdale.
My team came to see me, and they put a number of Asian men in the dock.
They wanted the green light for the first of these cases to take place.
I gave that green light, but on one condition, because it came to my attention that one of the men who was going into the dock had previously been arrested but not charged.
I said, “You can bring the first of these mass prosecutions, but only if you look back at the file”—where we did not charge—“and tell me what went wrong in a report so that I can start to put it right.”
That is what started the reforms I brought about.
That is the approach I took in practice, while others were tweeting and talking.
It is the approach I would take now in any case where there is wrongdoing here, but what we have got to do now—Professor Jay has said this.
We have had a number of strong findings.
There are 20 on the table from Professor Jay.
We have got to get on with action; do not block it this afternoon.
We need to focus on what this is really about.
This is not about the Prime Minister’s work in the CPS, and I would say very respectfully to the Prime Minister that it is not about you; it is about the victims.
Be a leader, not a lawyer.
We know that people were scared to tell the truth because they thought they would be called racist.
If we want to stop this from ever happening again, we cannot be afraid.
The Labour party has adopted the APPG definition of “Islamophobia”.
The same APPG report said that talking about sex groomers was an example of Islamophobia.
This is exactly why people are scared to tell the truth, and the lack of clarity means that innocent British Muslims are smeared by association.
That is not fair, and only a national inquiry can solve this.
Will the Prime Minister look again at the Labour party’s adoption of the definition of “Islamophobia” and its chilling effect, and rule out introducing it in government?
I will call out any aspect that has prevented anybody from coming forward, or any case from going forward, when it comes to violence against women and girls, child abuse or child sexual exploitation, as I have been doing for the best part of 15 years.
Yes, some people will say there should be a further inquiry—I accept that—but that means all the victims and survivors who give evidence need to be in a position to do so, and not all of them are.
I have been speaking to them.
Some think they are, but it will take time.
All of the institutions will have to give evidence; that will take time.
This will delay things until 2031.
We already know what the major flaws are.
My argument is that we should get on with that action.
That is why we are bringing forward the Bill this afternoon.