On children’s welfare and making sure that children start the school day in the best position to learn, I thank my right hon.
Friend for bringing forward plans for breakfast clubs, so that children are ready to learn, not only because they have had a good meal, but because they are eased into the school day.
Does she agree that that will help young children, and particularly kids with special educational needs, to learn?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have been led by the evidence on this, which is clear: this measure provides real support to parents at the start of the school day, but also delivers benefits for children’s learning, development, academic outcomes and behaviour.
I am delighted that in April we will start rolling out the first pilot across schools, including schools serving children with special educational needs and disabilities, demonstrating the difference that this Labour Government will make to children’s life chances.
I am sure that all Members of the House share the right hon.
Lady’s objective of ensuring that children get the best education and have the best educational outcomes possible, but why is she dismantling the infrastructure that has delivered improvements?
We have specialist schools, schools able to attract the best teachers, and schools able to tailor their curriculum to their pupils.
Why does she want to dismantle that, if she wants to improve educational standards?
That is just not the case.
I invite him to read the Bill, and I will come on to further measures that we are proposing.
If we believe that every child deserves the best, that every classroom deserves a top teacher, and that every state school must be a great school, we cannot have excellence for some children and “just fine” or “okay” for the rest.
We need all schools, working together, to deliver a national, high-quality core offer for all children, and to have the flexibility to innovate beyond that, so that parents know that wherever they live and whatever their local school, this Government are their child’s greatest champion.
The best schools and trusts do incredible work, day in, day out, and I pay tribute to them.
They are engines of innovation and civic leaders, and collaboration and improvement are central to their success.
They prove that excellence already exists in the system, and it is time to spread it to all schools.
That does not mean no competition.
Competition can be healthy and a spur to excellence, but competition that encourages schools to hoard best practice or to export problems to others must be replaced by collaboration,  and by schools working together to solve problems and put children first.
I do not just mean collaboration within trusts.
True collaboration also looks outward, so that there are schools driven by a shared purpose embedded in communities.
Our vision twins that deep collaboration with healthy competition, so that every child in every school can benefit from best practice.
The Bill brings reform.
It demands high and rising standards across the board.
We will restore the principle established by the noble Lord Baker, which is that every child will benefit from the same core national curriculum, following the curriculum and assessment review.
The national curriculum was a Conservative achievement—I benefited from it—and this Labour Government will bring that legacy back for every child, giving every parent the confidence in standards that they deserve.
Every child will be taught by an excellent, qualified teacher who has undertaken statutory induction.
That will be supported by giving every school the flexibility to create attractive pay and condition offers to recruit and retain excellent teachers, and by backing those schools already doing that to keep it going.
I agree, as would all Members, that we want excellent standards for all schools.
One idea that the Conservative Government had was that if a school was failing, new management would go in to increase standards, yet the Secretary of State wants to dismantle that.
I would call that vandalism of our education system.
No; I invite the right hon.
Lady to look carefully at the measures in the Bill.
We will not hesitate to intervene in failing schools—indeed, we will intervene a lot sooner than the Conservatives did in schools that are coasting.
Those schools that fall short of the statutory level of intervention will see regional improvement teams in their schools driving up standards.
Where there is failure in the system, or where schools are not delivering the standards that every child deserves, we will act.
That action will always be guided by what is best for the children in those schools.
That may well be academisation, or it may be targeted intervention to drive change in practice and drive up standards, rather than to change the structure.
The Bill will convert the duty to issue academy orders into the power to better deliver high and rising standards for all children, strengthening the range of ways through which failure can be tackled.
There can be no excuse for fixating on structures and not on standards, because what matters is what works.