Thank you, Mr Speaker.
“Companies like ours will be less incentivised to grow”.
That is the conclusion of Paul Taylor, founder of British tech unicorn Thought Machine, which employs more than 500 people.
Britain is now missing out on new jobs and investment as a direct result of Labour’s national insurance jobs tax.
When the Chancellor started punishing our tech sector, the Secretary of State failed to stand up to her.
Why?
We have put the public finances on a solid footing.
Our economy is now stable in a way that has not been the case for 14 years.
The Conservatives want all the benefits of the last Budget without saying how they will pay for any of it.
Until they do, they will not be taken seriously by anyone, including the business that the hon.
Gentleman referenced.
The truth is that the Labour Government are failing our tech workers, because they do not care about our tech sector.
Last September, Paul said that he was very keen to list Thought Machine in London instead of New York, and one of his preconditions before listing is being able to grow the business as much as possible.
Why did the Secretary of State allow the Chancellor to make growth harder for Britain’s tech sector at the Budget?
I think the hon.
Gentleman missed the investment summit that the Government held just before Christmas, at which a record £60 billion was invested into this country, £24 billion of which was AI-related.
That is almost as much going directly into AI as was committed in total at the previous Government’s investment summit.
This Government are unlocking investment; the previous Administration wrecked our economy and public services, and failed to secure faith in our economy for foreign companies to invest in this country.
What steps his Department is taking to increase levels of innovation in Staffordshire.
In case the House has not heard, this Government are driving innovation, with a record £20.4 billion of research and development investment for 2025-26, powering an innovation-led economy across the UK.
In Staffordshire, UK Research and Innovation is backing more than £29 million for 70 cutting-edge research and innovation projects.
A stand-out example is Innovate UK’s support for the Staffordshire net zero skills for growth project, which is equipping the country to seize opportunities in the net zero transition.
Towns such as those in my constituency are key to the economy, but can face unique challenges in accessing innovation opportunities.
Please could the Minister tell me how she plans to ensure that towns such as Stafford and Eccleshall are able to access new jobs, skills, investment and growth opportunities?
The Department has a clear vision to ensure that the UK remains at the forefront of global innovation—a place where cutting-edge businesses of all sizes can start and grow, and where local people have high-quality jobs, building on local strengths.
I am delighted to hear about the new multimillion-pound facility being built at Newcastle and Stafford colleges’ Stafford campus in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, supported by £15 million of Government investment.
It will welcome learners from September and will help to provide the technical skills that businesses need, both now and in the future, to support regional and national productivity.
What steps his Department is taking to utilise technology to improve access to public services.
DSIT is leading the charge by establishing the digital centre of Government to harness technology and transform our public services.
We are committed to improving digital inclusion and accessibility to ensure high-quality online services that are available to everyone.
In the coming months, the Department will outline its plans and priorities for a digital centre and to advance digital inclusion.
Sunderland was recently named the UK’s smartest city by The Times.
It was a pleasure to welcome the Secretary of State when he visited recently.
More than 5,000 homes in our city now have assistive technology installed, supporting the independence of older and disabled people and improving their access to care.
How do the Government plan to build on the example of Sunderland to improve access to public services across the UK?
The Government recognise the potential for digital technology to support people to live independently.
We will set new national standards for care technologies and develop trusted guidance so that people who draw on care, their families and care providers can confidently buy what works and get the safest, most effective tech into their homes or services.
In addition, we will take forward a range of initiatives in 2025-26, including funding more home adaptations and promoting the better use of care technology.
What steps is her Department taking to help older people who do not feel comfortable utilising technology to access public services?
The hon.
Gentleman will be happy to hear that the Public Sector Bodies (Websites and Mobile Applications) (No. 2)
Accessibility Regulations 2018 require most public sector organisations to ensure their services are accessible to disabled and older people by  meeting the requirements of the web content accessibility guidelines and by publishing an accessibility statement in the prescribed format.
The Government Digital Service’s accessibility monitoring team reviews public sector websites to ensure compliance with the accessibility regulations and supports Departments to improve their services.