The Secretary of State was asked— If he will make it his policy to establish an academy for mathematical sciences.
The Government are committed to increasing the research and development allocation to a record £20.4 billion in 2024-25.
Lord Vallance continues to meet mathematical science representatives to determine how best to support the sector.
The Government are supporting the mathematical science sector in ways that best deliver for the taxpayer, without the time and expense required to set up a new organisation.
In the last financial year, the Department underspent by nearly £600 million.
The proposed national maths academy was due to cost just £6 million—1% of that total.
People are disappointed by this cancellation.
Can the Secretary of State explain whether he cancelled the academy because he does not value the role of our national academies, or because he does not think mathematical sciences are important?
I have just explained all of the ways we are helping, assisting, supporting and driving mathematical science.
The hon.
Member has just listed all of the ways his party has failed that sector by underspending in many parts of Government and failing to commit the spending to the project that he is now calling on this Government to support.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the recent announcement of new funding for research and development in the Budget gives the sector really good clarity about investment across the coming years and about the way forward that this Government wish to take?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question.
He is quite right to highlight that, finally, science and technology in this country has a Government on its side and putting their money where their mouth is.
What steps his Department is taking to protect the copyright of people working in the creative industries in the context of artificial intelligence.
We are absolutely determined to make sure that copyright and intellectual property are protected, as they always have been in this country.
Our consultation is designed to do two specific things: to make sure there is legal certainty for AI developers and creative industries alike, and to make sure there is more licensing of copyright material by AI developers.