My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
She could big up her own constituency a little more, because Margate is probably one of the greatest centres of artists in this country.
It is where Turner was trained and went to school, and where we have Turner Contemporary.
It is also where Tracey Emin is doing so much work and many other artists as well.
It is a brilliant hub.
We want to make sure—as we did in the last Labour Government, when we introduced the artist’s resale right—that artists can earn a living from their art.
That is what we are determined to do.
Just as last year New Zealand and Australia entered into the same agreement for an artist’s resale right, we want to make sure that there is a future revenue stream for every single artist in this country.
Does the Minister agree that transparency is crucial if creators are to understand where their works are being used by AI developers?
Can he therefore assure me that the Government will legislate on transparency whatever the outcome of the consultation on copyright reform?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point about transparency, which is a key element of our consultation.
We have presented a package because we want to ensure there is a win-win here.
We want AI developers to have the legal certainty that they need to develop their products in the UK as UK producers, and for creative industries to know when their works are being used, so that if they want to say no they can say no, and if they want to say yes they will be properly remunerated for it.
What progress his Department has made on supporting technological innovation to accelerate NHS diagnostic processes.
My Department is working incredibly closely with the Department of Health and Social Care, and the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and I are joined at the hip on these issues.
That includes unprecedented investment in research and development to understand how better to diagnose disease.
There is co-investment in initiatives such as health innovation networks, which have enabled 1.2 million patients to access proven innovations, and the digital centre of Government, which we have created, is partnering closely with the NHS to improve the deployment and innovation of technology.