The whole House has heard that the Prime Minister lost his brother during the Christmas period, so can I offer him, on behalf of my party, our sincerest condolences?
The new year has started with a focus on the decades-long rape gang scandal.
Across the country, thousands of girls were tortured and sexually abused at the hands of men who treated them as things to be used and disposed of, destroying many lives forever.
The Prime Minister mentioned previous inquiries.
He is right: there has been an inquiry into child sexual abuse, but it was not about the rape gang scandal.
In its 468 pages, it mentioned Rotherham just once.
Is the Prime Minister confident that we know the full extent of rape gang activity?
First, I thank the right hon.
Lady for her condolences, and I thank her for reaching out over the Christmas period when I lost my brother.
I really did appreciate that, and I appreciate it today.
On the question of a further inquiry, there have been a number of inquiries, some of them localised, including the Mayor of Manchester’s recent inquiry.
The national inquiry Professor Jay carried out took seven years.
It had 20 recommendations, none of which were actually implemented by the Conservative party when it was in government.
This is a really serious issue and we must focus, obviously, on the victims and survivors.
There is no fixed view on the victims and survivors about a further national inquiry.
There are mixed views.
But there is a view, and I share this view, that what is needed now is action on what we already know.
We already know—myself from personal knowledge when I was chief prosecutor—that warped ideas, myths and stereotypes about victims are at the heart of this.
We have known  that for a decade.
The Jay report called for mandatory reporting; I called for it 11 years ago.
What we need now is action.
What cannot be tolerated is the idea that this afternoon Opposition Members will vote down a Bill that protects children—[Interruption.]
Let me just say this.
One of the provisions in that Bill is to protect vulnerable children today, who are out of school, to prevent abusers from ever taking those children out of school.
I implore Opposition Members to defy the misleading leadership of the Leader of the Opposition and vote for a really important Bill.
I am shocked that the Prime Minister would say that actions were not taken.
He knows full well that we accepted 18 of the 20 recommendations from the Jay inquiry, and went further, launching a gangs taskforce which found 550 more perpetrators.
That shows that there is still work to be done.
In Rotherham alone, there have been more than 1,400 victims.
Across Oldham, Bradford, Bristol, Rochdale and dozens more towns, there have been thousands more victims, but no one has joined the dots.
No one has the total picture, and it is almost certainly still going on.
One victim from Telford—I know the Prime Minister says that victims have different views; we have different views across this House—says that she wants a national inquiry because “it will hold people accountable in a way that previous inquiries haven’t”
It is very possible to have actions, take on more, and still have a national inquiry.
Why will the Prime Minister not listen to victims and launch a national inquiry which would have the power to summon witnesses and make them give evidence under oath?
The right hon.
Lady says that the last Government accepted the recommendations, but they did not act on them.
One of the central recommendations was for mandatory reporting, and it still has not been enacted.
I called for it 11 years ago.
Opposition Members have been tweeting and talking; we have been acting.
The Leader of the Opposition has been a Member of Parliament for, I think, eight years, and her party were in government for seven and a half of those eight years.
She was the Children’s Minister.
She was the Women and Equalities Minister.
I cannot recall her once raising this issue in the House, or once calling for a national inquiry.
It is only in recent days that she has jumped on the bandwagon.
In fairness, if I am wrong about that and she has raised it, I invite her to say so now, and I will happily withdraw the remark that she has not raised it in the House in the eight years she has been here, until today.