Digital inclusion is a priority for this Government.
We have set up the digital inclusion and skills unit to ensure that everyone has the access, skills, support and confidence to participate in modern digital society, whatever their circumstances.
Work is ongoing to develop our approach to digital inclusion and co-ordinate across Departments, and we hope to announce more on that soon.
We will work closely with the third sector, the industry, devolved Governments and local authorities to ensure that future interventions are targeted and based on individuals’ needs.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We have seen fear and lies spread about life in Britain, with those who have done little or nothing to combat child sexual abuse stretching every sinew to jump on the bandwagon.
This Government are committed to justice for the victims and punishment for the perpetrators of abuse wherever it happens and whoever commits it, and I pay tribute to the work of the Prime Minister and, in particular, the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , in that regard.
The illegal content codes that Ofcom set out last month are the single biggest change to online safety for a generation.
In 2023, the Lords Communications and Digital Committee found that 1.7 million households were without internet.
Will the Secretary of State outline how the Government are working to ensure that no one is left behind by the forthcoming switchover to internet protocol television?
The hon.
Lady asks an important question.
Broadcast TV is legally protected until 2034.
This Government are committed to ensuring audiences can access television in a way that suits them.
Too many people are excluded from digital activity because they lack the basic skills.
In the not-too-distant future, I will be launching the digital inclusion plan.
I know that the hon.
Lady takes cross-party working very seriously, so I hope she will meet me so I can brief her on that work and involve her ideas as we develop it.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Globally, billions of pounds of investment are flowing into companies that are creating new technologies to power data centres, and communities across the UK should be sharing the opportunity of well-paid, skilled jobs that that investment offers.
In Derby, Rolls-Royce is a world leader in the development of small modular reactors.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Rolls-Royce shows British innovation at its strongest, and would be a dynamic partner for any technology company wishing to invest in the future?
I agree, of course.
Technological innovation will be key to the move to net zero, and the UK will be at the forefront of that.
SMRs are particularly exciting.
I have met Rolls-Royce, which has a great advocate in my hon.
Friend.
I look forward to hearing more from him and seeing how we can support this exciting technology into the future.
What steps are the Government taking to support pioneering British companies, such as Cranfield Aerospace Solutions in Mid Bedfordshire, in their pursuit of hydrogen-powered flight?
How will the industrial strategy ensure that the UK remains a global leader in sustainable aviation technology?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point, one that the Government are committed to.
That is why we increased research and development spending to the highest of any Government in this country.
It will have a direct impact on the issues he raises.
Before we begin PMQs, I am delighted to welcome to the Gallery the Speaker of the Lok Sabha of India.