Last month, the Select Committee brought festive cheer by hearing how British science is advancing the eradication of diseases such as cervical cancer, HIV/AIDS and malaria, through innovative and exciting new treatments and diagnostics.
We also heard about the challenges of driving innovation through the NHS.
Newcastle company AMLo Biosciences said that adoption is much quicker in the US, and others criticised bureaucratic procurement processes and a culture of inertia.
Successive Governments have struggled with this challenge, so  what specific steps is the Secretary of State taking with the Health Secretary to ensure that British patients benefit from innovation?
I am grateful for that question and for the work that my hon.
Friend’s Committee is doing to highlight the incredibly important challenge that we face as a Government and a country.
For the first time, the Health Secretary has adopted the spreading of innovation through the NHS as a personal mission as part of the role of the Secretary of State, and we co-chair the Office for Life Sciences.
Together, our two Departments are not only seeking to harness the power of technology, but working together, under the leadership of the Health Secretary, to drive that innovation.
Such innovation cannot be locked up in one innovative health trust; it must be put to use across the NHS for every patient from every part of the United Kingdom.
What progress has been made on using AI algorithms to analyse medical images of things such as tumours, fractures or other medical conditions?
That was a pithy question, I think, Mr Speaker.
I am grateful for the hon.
Member’s question.
I have visited Huddersfield hospital, which is one of the first hospitals to fully integrate AI in its radiotherapy and scanning work.
Having stood there and seen its power for early diagnosis through its ability to detect patterns at an incredibly early stage, I am left in no doubt that, had my mother been scanned at that hospital, she would still be alive today.
She was scanned three times, but the progress of her lung cancer was missed and she died several weeks after collapsing, with it not having been detected.
This is the power of technology.
AI is a human power that will transform lives and we are determined to ensure— Order.
Secretary of State, please.
I am sure you want me to get to the other questions.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Many of the companies I have spoken to who are supporting technological innovation in the NHS and beyond talk about their frustration at the comparative difficulty of getting funding in the UK and say that the British Business Bank could do much more to de-risk investment and unlock innovation.
What are the Government doing to reform funding and provide an oasis in what has become known as the funding valley of death?
The first thing that we have done is increase to record levels overall the Government’s investment in R&D. Pioneering work is also going on through Innovate UK, the Advanced Research and Invention Agency and the different funding bodies that are available to take different levels of risk when it comes to supporting, creating and upscaling innovation.
The work that the Chancellor is doing to reform our pension system will unlock capital, because fundamentally we must get more domestic capital into the venture capital community so that we can get domestic innovation supported by domestic capital to upscale and solve the challenges that the hon.
Member talked about.
If he will take steps to help tackle barriers to the roll-out of gigabit broadband to rural areas.
Only this week, we announced a £289 million contract that will deliver gigabit-capable broadband to 131,000 difficult-to-reach premises across England and Wales.
We are determined to make sure that in every part of the country, including in the hon.
Member’s constituency, we reach all those places.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer.
In some villages in my constituency such as Cannington and Nether Stowey, fewer than 10% of households have access to gigabit broadband, and download speeds are among the slowest in the country.
Will he advise how his Department will ensure that, under the new contract, Openreach fulfils its obligations and my constituents get that faster broadband?
First, I commend the hon.
Member, because this is the fourth time that he has asked a question of me broadly in this territory.
In the words of Browning, “Hark, the dominant’s persistence till it must be answered to!”
He is quite right: there are villages in his constituency where there is no proper gigabit-capable internet available.
I am determined to deal with that, and I am happy to meet him because, in the words of the musical “Oklahoma!”, I am “a girl who cain’t say no”.
I am very happy to meet him— I can say no.
[Laughter.]
Come on!
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in employer national insurance contributions on the science and technology sectors.
The Government have increased investment in R&D to record levels.
We have also repaired the public finances, including the black hole left by the previous Administration.
We have done so by protecting the smallest businesses through the impact of doubling the employment allowance to £10,500, meaning that 865,000 employers will pay nothing in additional tax.