ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate the

19th anniversary of the opening of the Prince William County, Virginia

branch of Victory Christian Ministries International.
This milestone

represents nearly two decades of dedicated service, spiritual guidance,

and community support to the Prince William community.
With humble beginnings in Clinton, Maryland, Pastors Tony and Cynthia

Brazelton have dedicated themselves to growing and nurturing the

Victory Christian Ministries International community.
VCMI's story

began in the Brazeltons' Maryland basement where they hosted simple,

yet powerful prayer meetings that rapidly grew.
Soon, people from

different

parts of the Washington, D.C. metro area began to join.
To accommodate

their growth, they incorporated Victory Christian Ministries

International of Woodbridge, Virginia in July 2005.
Over the years,

VCMI has grown from a single church to an international ministry with

several locations across our nation and in Europe.
This growth is a

testament to the positive influence and transformative power of their

message.
Since its establishment, the Woodbridge branch of VCMI has been a

beacon of hope and a source of strength for many in the community.
Through their dynamic Sunday services and engaging weekly activities,

they have offered spiritual nourishment and guidance to countless

individuals and families.
VCMI's commitment to youth development is

particularly noteworthy.
Their Chrisma Teens program has provided a

safe and nurturing environment for our young people from all walks of

life to explore their faith, develop leadership skills, and give back

to their community.
As we commemorate this 19th anniversary, we celebrate not just the

longevity of an institution, but the countless lives that have been

touched, the families that have been strengthened, and the communities

that have been enriched by their work.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Victory

Christian Ministries International's Woodbridge branch on their 19th

anniversary.
I applaud Pastors Tony and Cynthia Brazelton as well as

the entire VCMI community for their contributions to Prince William

County--guided by the values of love, compassion, and community

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE GRASSFIELD HIGH SCHOOL SOFTBALL TEAM

_____

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

congratulate the Grassfield High School Softball team on winning the

Class 6 Region A Championship.
As their Congresswoman, I am proud of these young athletes and their

recent achievement.
Located in Chesapeake, Virginia, the Grassfield High School Grizzlies

were able to bring the Class 6 Region A Championship back home to their

fellow students, faculty, families, and friends through their hard work

and dedication to their team.
They are a group of strong women who had

a near-perfect record going into their state championship game.
They

have not won the regional championship game since 2018 and assistant

coach, Larry Murphy, led these women to a four to one victory.
As a former athlete myself, I want each of these young women to know

Virginia's 2nd District is extremely proud of their accomplishment and

applauds them on their well-earned victory.
Again, congratulations to

the Grassfield High School Softball team on winning the Class 6 Region

A Championship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE GREAT BRIDGE HIGH SCHOOL BOYS' SOCCER TEAM

_____

HON.
JENNIFER A. KIGGANS

Mrs. KIGGANS of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

congratulate the Great Bridge High School Boys' Soccer team on winning

the Class 5 Region A Championship.
As their Congresswoman, I am proud of these young athletes and their

recent achievement.
Located in Chesapeake, Virginia, the Great Bridge High School

Wildcats were able to bring the Class 5 Region A Championship back home

to their fellow students, faculty, families, and friends through their

hard work and dedication to their team.