Bishop Jackson was honored for his 8 years of dedicated service in

Georgia as the Presiding Prelate of the Sixth Episcopal District of the

African Methodist Episcopal Church.
This event was held at the Saint

Phillip AME Church in Decatur, Georgia on July 12, 2024, at 6:00 p.m.

The genesis of the life of Bishop Reginald Jackson began with his

birth on April 26, 1954, in Dover, Delaware.
He is a product of Dover

Public Schools and in 1976 graduated from Delaware State University

with a Bachelor's Degree in History.
In 1972, he was called to preach

the Gospel and licensed under the pastorate of the Rev. Rudolph W.

Coleman; was ordained as an Itinerant Deacon in 1975 under the

leadership of Bishop Earnest Lawrence Hickman and appointed Supply

Pastor at Graham AME Church.
Always working to improve his preaching

skills and knowledge of the Gospel, Bishop Jackson graduated from the

Turner Seminary at the Interdenominational Theological Center in 1979,

was ordained as an Itinerant Elder by Bishop Richard Allen Hildebrand

in 1977 and appointed Supply Pastor at St. John AME Church in Atlanta,

Georgia in 1978.
Bishop Jackson spent 33 years serving in the state of New Jersey, 2

years as Pastor of

St. John AME Church and 31 years at St. Matthew AME Church.
During his

long tenure at St. Matthew, he increased the congregation from 75 to

over 2,800 members; he instituted more than 30 ministries to meet the

spiritual, emotional, educational and physical needs of the church and

community; and he increased the church annual budget from $50,000 to $2

million.
George Washington Carver once said ``How far you go in life

depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the

aged, sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and the

strong.
Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.''
Bishop Jackson has used his life's work to advocate for the most

vulnerable among us to include minorities, the young, the elderly, and

the disenfranchised.
He has been a voice for the voiceless and he has

given hope to the hopeless.
Bishop Jackson served as Executive Director of the Black Ministers

Council of New Jersey, representing over 600 New Jersey Churches;

served on the Orange Public School System Board of Education as

President for 12 years; and sits on the Board of Trustees of Essex

County College, serving as President for 10 years.
He was named Man of

the Year by New Jersey Monthly Magazine, received the William Ashby

Award from the United Way, the Martin Luther King, Jr. Award from the

Newark North Ward Center, and Honorary Doctorates from Wilberforce

University and Payne Theological Seminary.
He is a member of Phi Beta

Sigma Fraternity and a Life Member of the NAACP.
In 2012, Reginald Thomas Jackson was elected and consecrated the

132nd Bishop of the AME Church at the 49th Quadrennial Session of the

General Conference, held in Nashville, Tennessee and was appointed to

the 20th Episcopal District (Malawi Zimbabwe, Tanzania and Uganda) as

the Ecumenical and Urban Affairs Officer.
He has served as Chairman of

the Social Action Commission of the AME Church and is the current

Chairman of the Commission on Colleges, Universities and Seminaries.
Eight years ago, Bishop Jackson accepted his charge in Georgia as

Presiding Prelate of the Sixth Episcopal District of the AME Church.
Continuing his longstanding advocacy for social justice, he has been a

staunch champion for voter registration, education and turnout.
He has

ferociously lobbied the Georgia General Assembly for hate crime

legislation and gun reform.
Following an arrest for a planned attack on

an AME Church in Gainesville, Georgia and the murder of Ahamd Arbery in

February 2020, Bishop Jackson led the charge for a bill which was

signed into law by Governor Brain Kemp in June 2020.