Continuing his longstanding advocacy for social justice, he has been a

staunch champion for voter registration, education and turnout.
He has

ferociously lobbied the Georgia General Assembly for hate crime

legislation and gun reform.
Following an arrest for a planned attack on

an AME Church in Gainesville, Georgia and the murder of Ahamd Arbery in

February 2020, Bishop Jackson led the charge for a bill which was

signed into law by Governor Brain Kemp in June 2020.
In 2020, Bishop

Jackson also collaborated with the leaders of every Georgia State

African American religious denomination in conducting massive voter

registration and education efforts throughout Georgia, resulting in the

election of President Joe Biden, Vice President Kamala Harris, U.S.

Senators Raphael Warnock and Jon Ossoff, shifting the balance of power

in the Senate.
Because of this seismic shift, historic legislation to

improve lives and communities was signed into law, including the

Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, the Inflation Reduction Act, Historic

Funding for HBCU's, as well as the appointment of an African American

woman to the U.S. Supreme Court.
In 2022 and now in 2024, he is leading

an historic partnership with the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church

to energize and mobilize minority voters for the 2024 elections.
Now, after 8 years in Georgia, Bishop Jackson will be leaving for

assignment to another Episcopal District where he will no doubt share

his vision and wisdom in service to God's people.
While his departure

will be a great loss to Georgia, I am certain that his impactful

leadership will be a catalytic gain to those in his new region of

responsibility.
Bishop Jackson has accomplished much in his life, but none of it

would have been possible without the grace of God and the love and

support of his wife, Attorney Christy Jackson, who has served along

side him as Supervisor of the Sixth Episcopal District, and their

children Regina and Seth.
Georgia, our Nation and the world, are better

because of Bishop Jackson's ministry and service.
To God Be the Glory.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives

to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the more than 765,000

people of Georgia's 2nd Congressional District, in extending our

sincerest appreciation and best wishes to Bishop Reginald Thomas

Jackson upon his departure from Georgia as the Presiding Prelate of the

Sixth Episcopal District of the AME Church.
May God continue to bless

his ministry and service on behalf of our Lord and Savior, Jesus

Christ.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES HATCH

_____

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of

James ``Jim'' Hatch.
Jim was dedicated to serving our community and was always kind and

helpful.
Included in his long career, he assisted with former

Congressman George Miller's campaign and the Youth Fund.
Additionally,

Jim was incredibly hardworking and was a skilled handyman.
He also

enjoyed traveling the world and was a proud dog parent to Minnie the

Pooch.
Jim will be remembered for his optimism, positivity, and the

impact he's had on countless lives.
Jim is survived by Carol, his loving wife of 60 years, and his

children Suzanne (Rob) and Jill (Steve), grandchildren Sophie (Joshua),

Sarah (Rick), Matthew, Lauren, Kristi (Ben) and Sarah (Jason Henry),

great grandchildren Olivia and Cameron, his sister Sandra, brother

Robert, and bonus daughter and grandsons Tomoko, Hiro, and Akira

Tamura.
Please join me in honoring my friend Jim Hatch.
He will be remembered

for his outstanding character and his commitment to his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE MAJOR GENERAL DAVID F. WHERLEY, JR.,
DISTRICT OF

COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD RETENTION AND COLLEGE ACCESS PROGRAM ACT

_____

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.