From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE MAJOR GENERAL DAVID F. WHERLEY, JR.,
DISTRICT OF

COLUMBIA NATIONAL GUARD RETENTION AND COLLEGE ACCESS PROGRAM ACT

_____

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Major General David

F. Wherley, Jr., District of Columbia National Guard Retention and

College Access Program Act.
This bill would permanently authorize

funding for the Major General David F Wherley, Jr., District of

Columbia National Guard Retention and College Access Program, which

provides financial assistance for higher education to members of the

D.C. National Guard, which is an exclusively federal entity.
This program and bill are named for Major General David F. Wherley,

Jr., former Commanding General of the D.C. National Guard, who, along

with his wife, Ann, and seven others were tragically killed when Metro

trains collided on the Red Line on June 22, 2009.
I named this bill for

Major General Wherley because he worked tirelessly with me for many

years to get funding for this program, and because of his devotion to

D.C. youth and to the D.C. National Guard.
This program was recommended by Major General Wherley and his

successor at the D.C. National Guard, Major General Errol Schwartz, to

stem the troublesome loss of D.C. National Guard members to other

units, including National Guards in surrounding states that offer

financial assistance for higher education to their members.
I am

grateful that Congress has consistently provided funding for this

program, most recently $600,000 in fiscal year 2024.
Permanently

authorizing this program will help ensure that members of the D.C.

National Guard receive the same benefits as members of other National

Guards and help the D.C. National Guard recruit and retain members.
This program not only benefits D.C. National Guard members, the great

majority of whom live in Maryland or Virginia, but also helps the D.C.

National Guard to maintain the force necessary to protect the federal

presence in D C.

I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

_____

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on issues surrounding

our NATO partners and election integrity.
Dear Friend: As a member of the House Appropriations State,

Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee, I

recently traveled with a small delegation to the Baltic

States of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, then Poland.
There we

met with those nations' top military and political leaders

and diplomats.
Throughout this trip I was constantly reminded

of the evil that has reigned our earth for centuries.
In the U.S. we are somewhat isolated geographically.
In

this volatile region they live under the constant reminder of

their struggles for freedom and despicable acts of centuries

of occupation, depopulation, repopulation, and genocide.
Daily, these critical NATO allies are exposed to Putin's

verbal threats as well as living in the fear of regular cyber

and terrorist attacks.
More importantly, those in the Baltics are watching the

reality of Russian aggression, cruelty, and massacres play

out in their own backyard today.
They saw the barbaric act of

Putin bombing a children's hospital.
They saw that over

20,000 Ukrainian children have been kidnapped and moved to

Russia as part of their history's reputation for depopulating

those they dominate.
The leaders in this region talked with me because of their

close proximity to Russia and Belarus about their constant

fear that they could be annihilated within seconds, and might

never see it coming.
They know that Putin is ruthless enough

and has the thirst for power and land to do it.
We don't see these pressures from our secure vantage point

in the U.S., outside of our new threats created by Joe

Biden's lackadaisical policies over our own border.