The leaders in this region talked with me because of their

close proximity to Russia and Belarus about their constant

fear that they could be annihilated within seconds, and might

never see it coming.
They know that Putin is ruthless enough

and has the thirst for power and land to do it.
We don't see these pressures from our secure vantage point

in the U.S., outside of our new threats created by Joe

Biden's lackadaisical policies over our own border.
However,

these European partners feel a daily struggle to cling to

their democracy and freedom.
Each of these vulnerable countries are doing their part.
Each of them contributes well over 2 percent of their GDP

toward their own defense, knowing they'll likely have to face

another Russian invasion of their homeland some day.
Additionally, they are contributing to the military and

humanitarian needs in Ukraine.
But one thing became very clear to me on this trip.
None of

them have the size, the economy, nor the military capability

to preserve freedom and democracy on their own.
Their

existence is dependent on all of our NATO partners.
Only U.S. citizens should have influence on U.S. elections.
The Safeguard American Voter Eligibility (SAVE) Act that I

co-sponsored and helped the House pass protects and preserves

the right of American citizens to vote.
This legislation

would require states to obtain proof of citizenship in person

when registering an individual to vote in federal elections

and requires states to remove non-citizens from existing

voter rolls.
Foreign election interference is made possible because of

our lax voter registration laws that allow noncitizens to

register and vote in federal elections.
With the ongoing

crisis at our southern border, this piece of legislation is

essential to safeguard the integrity of American elections.
The SAVE Act will close the loopholes that allow noncitizen

registration, and thereby voting, to improve election

security, minimize the risk of foreign interference and

restore Americans' confidence in U.S. elections.
``Unplugged'' Town Hall in Yancey County

Reminder: Join my next in-person town hall in Yancey County

on Tuesday, July 16.
The town hall will take place from 6:00-

7:30 p.m. at the Yancey County Courthouse, 110 Town Sq.,
Burnsville, NC.
I'm looking forward to sharing an update about the latest

legislative opportunities and challenges in Congress and

answering questions about the issues that matter to you.
DC office's first Green Thumb Award winner

Congratulations, Jessie Frank, for winning our DC office's

first ever Green Thumb Award.
These DC Longworth building offices are drab.
To add a

little life, spirit, and ambiance to our office, for the past

90 days our team was challenged to keep the area around their

workspace green and vibrant.
I appreciate my entire team's

enthusiasm and light-hearted competition to make our office

green and alive.
Jessie received the award, but we all

benefited with a more pleasant place to work.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

_____

HON.
MARIO DIAZ-BALART

Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on July 8th and

9th as I had an immovable commitment.
Had I been present, I would have

voted: YEA on H.R. 5441--Roll Call No.
337; YEA on H.R. 897--Roll Call

No.
336; YEA on H.R. 7700--Roll Call No.
343; and YEA on H.R. 7637--

Roll Call No.
341.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE VICTORY CHRISTIAN MINISTRIES

INTERNATIONAL OF WOODBRIDGE, VIRGINIA

_____

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate the

19th anniversary of the opening of the Prince William County, Virginia

branch of Victory Christian Ministries International.
This milestone

represents nearly two decades of dedicated service, spiritual guidance,

and community support to the Prince William community.