In 2007, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) examined spending

on advertising contracts with minority-owned businesses by five federal

agencies--the Department of Defense, the Department of the Treasury,

the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of the

Interior and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration--and

found that only five percent of the $4.3 billion available for

advertising contracts went to minority-owned businesses.
In light of

these concerning findings, I, along with several other Members of

Congress, sent letters to GAO in 2016 and 2022 requesting updated

information on the amount of federal advertising dollars spent with

SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.
In 2018 and 2024,

GAO issued reports on the amount of federal advertising dollars spent

with SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.
The 2024 report

revealed that only 15 percent of federal advertising contract

obligations went to SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.
The federal government is one of the largest advertisers in the United

States, and it has an obligation to ensure equitable access to its

contracts for SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.
GAO's

findings demonstrate that there is still much progress to be made.
The regular collection of information on federal advertising

contracts with SDBs and businesses owned by women and minorities is

essential to bridging the gap between what current statistics show and

a more inclusive advertising landscape.
This bill would help achieve

this goal while also promoting transparency and encouraging federal

agencies to strive to reach minorities, who often receive the news from

smaller media outlets that serve communities of color.
The requirement

that agencies submit prior and projected information on the amount of

advertising dollars spent with SDBs and businesses owned by minorities

and women would allow federal agencies to evaluate their progress.
The

regular collection of this information would also demonstrate that the

promotion of equity in advertising and in all areas of government, is a

continuous effort and is important to the mission of every federal

agency.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF SOLEBURY SCHOOL

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the 100th anniversary of Solebury School, located in beautiful New

Hope, Pennsylvania.
Solebury School has been a cornerstone of

independent education in Bucks County, known for its close-knit

community, academic excellence, and commitment to fostering

intellectual curiosity and character in young people.
Solebury School was founded in 1925 by four visionary educators,

Laurie Erskine, Julian Lathrop, Robert Shaw, and Arthur ``Doc''

Washburn, who shared a dream of creating a new kind of educational

environment.
As the school's first headmaster, Doc Washburn captured

that vision best when he wrote, ``Our goal is to start a small school

with an informal atmosphere, where the needs of each boy would be

attended to, where friendship between teachers and pupils would be

encouraged, and where a boy would be prepared not only for college, but

for life beyond high school.''
From those humble beginnings, Solebury School opened its doors in

rented quarters in September 1925 with just four boys and four

teachers.
One year later, the founders purchased the historic Michener

Farm, establishing the permanent campus that continues to serve

generations of students to this day.
Just down the road from Solebury stood the Holmquist School for

Girls, founded in 1917 by Miss Karline Holmquist, who shared a similar

belief that education should help each student discover and develop her

unique talents and capabilities.
As both schools grew, they often

collaborated, sharing theatrical productions, musical performances,

proms, teas, and community gatherings.
In 1949, these two institutions

united to form one of the first coeducational independent schools in

the Nation: Solebury School, as we know it today.
On October 1, 2025, Solebury marked 100 years since its first day of

classes.