Outside of her professional life, Ms. Pratt enjoys traveling,

exploring new restaurants, and spending quality time with family and

friends.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Ms.

TaKayla Pratt for her outstanding accomplishments, her dedication to

her patients, and her service to the community.
Her story is a true

reflection of perseverance, faith, and the power of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REAR ADMIRAL DAVID DUTTLINGER, RETIRED

_____

HON.
ANDY BARR

Mr. BARR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special patriot, Rear

Admiral David Duttlinger, Retired, of Berea, Kentucky.
After thirty-

three years of service, he retired from the Naval Reserves on September

19, 2025.
Rear Admiral Duttlinger was born in Berea, Kentucky.
He earned a

Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from Vanderbilt University and

was commissioned an ensign through the Naval Reserve Officers ROTC

scholarship program in 1992.
He holds a Master of Science from Stanford

University in Environmental Engineering and a Master of Public

Administration from the University of Kentucky.
Rear Admiral Duttlinger's operational tours include company

commander/engineering officer, Naval Mobile Construction Battalion 40,

Port Hueneme, California; assistant officer in charge, Detachment 309

for Amphibious Construction Battalion1, Coronado, California;

operations officer, Seventh Naval Construction Regiment, Newport, Rhode

Island; and deputy operations officer First Naval Construction

Division, Little Creek, Virginia.
He completed numerous support

assignments across the country and deployed in support of Operation

Iraqi Freedom.
Rear Admiral Duttlinger is a Seabee combat warfare

officer and a registered professional engineer in the Commonwealth of

Kentucky.
He has earned numerous military decorations including the

Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service

Medal (five awards), Joint Service Commendation Medal, Navy and Marine

Corps Commendation Medal (three awards), Navy and Marine Corps

Achievement Medal, and more.
In his civilian life, Rear Admiral Duttlinger was first a project

manager specializing in water/wastewater infrastructure projects.
He

later went to work for the Bluegrass Area Development District (ADD),

where he worked to increase access to public water.
In 2013 he became

Executive Director of the Bluegrass ADD, a position that he currently

holds.
It is my honor to recognize, before the House of Representatives, the

dedicated and patriotic service of Rear Admiral David Duttlinger,

Retired, on the occasion of retirement from his outstanding military

career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ADVERTISING EQUITY

ACCOUNTABILITY ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Federal Government

Advertising Equity Accountability Act, which would require all federal

agencies to include in their annual budget requests to Congress the

amount they spend on advertising contracts with small disadvantaged

businesses (SDBs) and businesses owned by minorities and women.
Federal

agencies would be required to provide prior and projected total

expenditures for such contracts.
At my request, the Committee on

Appropriations has required many federal agencies to provide such

information each of the last several years, but this bill would codify

this requirement and apply it to all federal agencies.
In 2007, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) examined spending

on advertising contracts with minority-owned businesses by five federal

agencies--the Department of Defense, the Department of the Treasury,

the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of the

Interior and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration--and

found that only five percent of the $4.3 billion available for

advertising contracts went to minority-owned businesses.
In light of

these concerning findings, I, along with several other Members of

Congress, sent letters to GAO in 2016 and 2022 requesting updated

information on the amount of federal advertising dollars spent with

SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.
In 2018 and 2024,

GAO issued reports on the amount of federal advertising dollars spent

with SDBs and businesses owned by minorities and women.