Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of an intern in my office, and a University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) student, 
Mr. Ian Kalvinskas, who recently passed away at the age of 20.
He was a son, student, and friend.
Kalvinskas was a Pasadena native and grew up with a love for soccer, travel, and politics.
His parents owned a traveling bookstore, sparking Ian's curiosity to explore the world's geography.
While in high school, Kalvinskas excelled scholastically, played on the school's soccer team, and was awarded Most Valuable Player.
After graduating from high school in 2023, he fulfilled his dream of attending UCLA to study Political Science.
Driven by a deep passion for social justice, Kalvinskas aspired to advocate for underserved communities and one day work for the United Nations, using his education and experiences to make a global impact.
Unfortunately, Kalvinskas was diagnosed with liver cancer in 2020, when he was 15 years old, and underwent liver transplantation at UCLA.
For four and a half years, it appeared he had beaten cancer--but tragically, it recurred in November 2024.
Despite battling the recurrence of his cancer, Kalvinskas achieved his dream of interning on Capitol Hill in the summer of 2025.
He cared deeply about healthcare reform, and knowing his life expectancy was short, he wanted ``to make a difference now.''
His goal was to help write legislation that ensures pediatric patients receive fair consideration on the organ transplant waiting list.
Though his life was cut short by cancer just a week later, his efforts laid the groundwork for lasting change.
Kalvinskas passed away on June 27, surrounded by his loved ones, in a DC hospital--fittingly in the shadow of the Capitol--a symbol to him of how visions for change could become reality.
He touched countless lives with his warmth, idealism, and humanity.
He lived a courageous and meaningful life by dedicating his final days to advancing a cause he believed in--a goal that reflected the very core of his character.
Kalvinskas was a true inspiration to all who had the privilege of knowing him.
He is survived by his parents, Adrian and Susan Kalvinskas, along with his extended family.
Our deepest condolences, thoughts, and prayers are with the Kalvinskas family during this difficult time.