Era California records, documents, and artifacts.
As Professor Emeritus Robert Senkewicz of Santa Clara University, has written.
``SBMAL is a unique and indispensable resource.
Its artifacts and documents tell the deep and complex story of California's diverse peoples--especially Native Americans, Latinos, and Anglos--in a way that is unmatched anywhere else in the state.''
John Gherini has worked long and hard behind the scenes to ensure the continued operation of the Archive-Library.
Serving as legal counsel to the Board and dealing with bequests and grants in order to build the endowment essential to its continued function.
His membership on the Board, which began in 1987, has resulted in numerous acquisitions not only of funds, but also of the papers of such distinguished scholars as Norman Neuerburg, the art historian behind the construction of the Getty Villa, and Doyce B. Nunis, Jr., longtime editor of the journal of the Historical Society.
Besides his encouragement of other scholars, 
Mr. Gherini has written two books on the history of Santa Cruz Island, where he spent much time as a young man working with his family on the island, which his greatgreat-grandfather, Justinian Caire once owned in its entirety: Santa Cruz Island: A History of Conflict and Diversity and the two volume Santa Cruz Island, An Illustrated History provide rich and detailed histories of the largest of the Channel Islands.
The second work ``explores the geological origins of the island and traces the cultural history from the native inhabitants, over 13,000 years ago, to the establishment of the Channel Islands National Park in 1980 and current efforts to preserve and protect the island.''
(Santa Barbara Historical Museum website).
Mr. Gherini has been a generous benefactor and deeply involved with many other organizations in the Santa Barbara area, including Bishop Garcia Diego High School.
On July 25, 2025, the Mission Archive-Library, at a special event in honor of 
Mr. Gherini, will name its exhibit space, which includes among other things large paintings by the distinguished turn of the twentieth-century California landscape and architecture artist Edwin Deakin, the Gherini Gallery.
I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating 
Mr. John Gherini and the Santa Barbara Mission ArchiveLibrary on this auspicious occasion.