Ms. Shea stated that ``Nigeria's government has not undertaken a thorough, objective, and transparent investigation of the militant Fulani herders' organization, leadership, motives, or intent in these attacks.''
Yet, Shea noted, ``[s]urvivor accounts, collected by churches and journalists on the ground, frequently report that their attackers spoke Fulfulde and shouted `Allahu Akbar' or other religious sentiments as they killed, as USCIRF noted in its reports.''
Following the recent congressional hearing and subsequent international scrutiny, Nigeria's President, Foreign Minister and other governmental authorities, such as the Governor of Benue, have undertaken an aggressive public affairs campaign to deny and deflect the truth about their inaction to stop the Fulani aggression against defenseless Christian farming communities occurring in several Nigerian states.
Bishop Anagbe has even been personally threatened following his testimony in Congress.
We were alarmed to hear reports that between May 24-26, 2025, Fulani Muslim militants waged another massacre in Benue state, possibly in reprisal for Bishop Anagbe's speaking out about Fulani violence in his testimony before Congress.
This recent attack was against the bishop's home village of Aondona, as well as its surrounding villages of Ahume, Tyolaha, and Tse-Ubiam.
Reuters reports that at least ``42 people were shot dead by suspected herders'' in those attacks and that 32 of the villagers' bodies were recovered in Aondona and Ahume, alone.
In response, the U.S. Mission in Abuja issued a statement on X strongly condemning these brutal attacks and urging Nigerian authorities to investigate and hold the responsible parties accountable.
Other governments also issued similar statements.
Experience shows that the Nigerian government has routinely failed to ensure such investigations and accountability on what have become relentless Fulani herder assaults on defenseless Christian farming villages.
Encouraged by the example of Bishop Wilfred Anagbe, others are also speaking out against the government's grant of impunity in the face of such atrocities.
This is a critical time for Congress to act, as Nigerians in the Middle Belt area are supporting international attention.
Nigeria wields significant influence in Sub-Saharan Africa.
By allowing severe religious persecution to proliferate within its borders, Nigeria is compounding already heightened regional insecurity.
We respectfully ask you to co-sponsor House Resolution 220 and urge the passage.
Sincerely, Ambassador Sam Brownback, Co-Chair, International Religious Freedom Summit; Nina Shea, Senior Fellow and Director, Center for Religious Freedom at Hudson Institute; Frank Wolf, Member of Congress (VA) 1981-2015, retired; Dr. Mary Ann Glendon, Former Ambassador to the Holy See and Chairman of the State Department Commission on Unalienable Rights; Douglas Burton, Director, Truth Nigeria; Richard Ghazal, Esq., Executive Director, In Defense of Christians (IDC); Patricia Streeter, Co-leader, Anglican Persecuted Church Network; Faith J.H. McDonnell, Director of Advocacy, Katartismos Global; Mark Tooley, President, Institute on Religion and Democracy; Dr. Gregory H. Stanton, Founding President, Genocide Watch Chair, The Alliance Against Genocide; Dr. Katrina Lantos Swett, President, Lantos Foundation for Human Rights & Justice; Steven Wagner, President, Solidarity with the Persecuted Church; Troy A. Miller, President & CEO, National Religious Broadcasters (NRB); David Trimble, President, Religious Freedom Institute; Michael Arthur Vacca, Director, International Catholic Jurists Forum; Travis Weber, Vice President for Policy & Gov't Affairs Family Research Council; George Weigel, Distinguished Senior Fellow and William E. Simon Chair in Catholic Studies Ethics and Public Policy Center; Dede Laugesen, Executive Director, Save the Persecuted Christians; Kelly (Monroe) Kullberg, General Secretary, American Association of Evangelicals (AAE); The Rt.
Reverend Andudu Adam Elnail, Anglican Bishop of Kadugli and Nuba Mountains, Sudan, Co-leader, Global Anglican Future Conference (GAFCON) Suffering Church Network.