June 13, 2025.
Washington, DC.
Dear 
Representative Smith: As religious freedom advocates and leaders of grassroots organizations with millions of American members, we thank you for sponsoring H. Res. 220 which recommends redesignating Nigeria as a Country of Particular Concern (CPC) for particularly severe religious persecution.
We consider this a critical first step in addressing the situation in Nigeria.
As you know, House Resolution 220 calls for the Secretary of State to address the egregious, systematic, and ongoing religious persecution, in Nigeria, specifically by redesignating Nigeria as a CPC under the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (IRFA).
Nigeria is the world's deadliest country for Christians, according to Open Doors' 2025 World Watch List.
Of the 4,476 Christians killed for their faith worldwide during the reporting period, 3,100 (69 percent) were in Nigeria.
FIDES, a Catholic news agency, indicated that over ten years least 145 priests had been abducted and eleven murdered.
In addition, designated terror groups such as Boko Haram and the Islamic State West Africa Province have killed thousands of Christians and Muslims who reject their dictates and suppressed the rights of women and girls.
Boko Haram kidnapped over 200 schoolgirls in 2014 in Chibok, Borno State, half of whom remain captive, forced them into sexual slavery and pressured them to convert to Islam.
In another case, Leah Sharibu remains enslaved following a 2018 terrorist raid on her school.
Most of this slaughter, however, is carried out by militant Fulani Muslim herders, who have been allowed to target Christian villages with impunity.
In its recommendation of CPC designation for Nigeria, the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF) concluded in its 2021 Annual Report that the Nigerian Government has ``routinely failed to investigate these attacks and prosecute those responsible, demonstrating a problematic level of apathy on the part of state officials.''
Christians who are violently attacked and whose land is confiscated by the militant Fulani Muslim herders, end up living in Internally Displaced People (IDP) camps, which are unspeakably inhumane and unfit for animals.
Currently there are well over 2 million people living in such camps in the Makurdi diocese alone.
The Pontifical foundation, Aid to the Church in Need, which works to help the Church in areas of high distress in Nigeria, has collected this video evidence from Makurdi of Christians living in such camps.
Authorities also enforce Islamic blasphemy laws that have resulted in recent death sentences for Sufi musician, Yahaya Sharif-Aminu, and two Muslim clerics, and ``religious insult'' laws that led to a 24-year sentence for Nigeria's Humanist Association head, Mubarak Bala.
These laws have also been accompanied by a routine grant of impunity for extrajudicial attacks against their perceived violators.
In 2023, there was the unprosecuted mob killing of student Deborah Emmanuel Yakubu after she was accused of blasphemy and the unprosecuted serious death threats against the Sultan.
Sokoto's Catholic bishop, and Rhoda Jatau, a Christian woman, all three of whom were targeted for expressing disapproval of Yakubu's murder.
On March 13, 2025 the House Foreign Affairs' Subcommittee on Africa held the hearing: ``Conflict and Persecution in Nigeria; The Case for a CPC,'' with Catholic Bishop Wilfred Anagbe of the Makurdi diocese in Benue State, Nina Shea, Hudson Institute's Senior Fellow and Director of its Center for Religious Freedom, and Family Research Council's President Tony Perkins--all testifying to the medieval-like persecution currently targeting Christians in Nigeria's Middle Belt region.