It was there that he met the love of his life, Lynette Smith, as they were both pursuing doctoral degrees.
Upon completing their respective graduate programs, they returned to New Orleans.
They married in 1978.
Their lifelong love lasted 45 years and was the epitome of a love supreme.
Their family grew to include 2 sons with a daughter in the middle: Erik Matthew Causey, Lauren Lynette Causey, and Alan Charles Causey.
He was an exceptional husband and father, as well as a true ``Village Father'' who always worked to help as many children as he could.
Dr. Causey sought to advance academic excellence at SUNO by teaching, motivating, and inspiring his students with a love of learning.
He rose to the rank of Associate Professor, served as Chair of the Mathematics and Physics Department, was Dean of the College of Science, and served as Associate Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs.
Throughout his tenure, the defining principle underlying all his decisions was his sincere love and respect for the students and the university.
His achievements were acknowledged in 1996 when he received the Presidential Faculty Excellence Award at SUNO.
After a stellar and impactful career, Dr. Causey retired with more than 40 years of service to SUNO.
Dr. Causey's involvement and contributions to education reached beyond the walls

of classrooms and into the community.
One of his proudest contributions is that in 1993, he was one of three trailblazing founders of the New Orleans Charter Science and Mathematics High School, which focused on enriching STEM initiatives for high school students.
That school is still in operation today.
Dr. Causey also wrote a chapter in a book, entitled Called to Sankofa, which was a narrative account of post-Katrina New Orleans, highlighting the importance of maintaining an education system following a disaster.
His academic work and contribution extended to many professional and advocacy organizations.
Dr. Causey was a long-time judge for the Regional Mathematics and Science Fair and was a board member of the Southwest Educational Development Laboratory.
In appreciation for his involvement and contribution, he received numerous honors, awards, and special recognition from peers and community organizations.
He was a proud member of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. and was active for years in the Gamma Rho Chapter.
Above all, Matthew was a man of Faith and a dedicated member of St. Paul the Apostle Catholic Church.
He served as a longstanding member of the Finance Council.
For his outstanding service to the church, in 2019 he was awarded the prestigious Order of St. Louis Medallion by the Archdiocese of New Orleans.
Matthew loved woodworking, photography and traveling; however, cooking was his favorite special interest.
He looked forward to cooking family-favorite dishes no matter how complicated, and he took great joy in the entire process.
An accomplishment Matthew was extremely proud of was the publication of a cookbook that contained his favorite pictures and recipes.
Matthew met life's challenges with strength, humility, and Faith.
Matthew's kindness, gentleness and unassuming nature defined him, as he showed love to all he encountered.
He had a calm demeanor and was spirit- filled.
Matthew was a loving husband, father, grandfather, uncle, cousin, and friend.
He loved to learn, to laugh, to talk and to listen.
He loved life and was just so easy to love.
Matthew leaves to celebrate and cherish his life and legacy, his beloved wife of 45 years, Dr. Lynette Smith Causey; his devoted and adoring children: son, Erik Matthew Causey (Mowele), Arlington, VA; daughter, Dr. Lauren Lynette Causey, Thousand Oaks, CA; son, Lt.
Col.
Alan Charles Causey (Traci), Ft.
Johnson, LA; his precious grandsons, Andrew, Cyril, and Gabriel Causey; his brother, Arthur Kelly Jones; his sister, Dianne Jones Smith; his aunt, Carol Pearson; his brother-in-law, Kevin J. Smith; his sister-in law, Ruth Evans Jones; a host of nieces, nephews, cousins, close relatives, and very special family friends.