Jayden is also blazing trails in traditionally male-dominated fields.
She is currently the only female member of the Fire Crew at Cass, where

she recently passed the Pack Test and earned her Red Card for wildland

firefighting.
She participates in daily physical training to prepare

for her upcoming Fire detail and is a dedicated member of the Camp

Crew.
Her passion for public service and emergency response will

continue after graduation, as she plans to pursue advanced training in

Fire and Rescue.
Jayden Coffey represents the very best of Arkansas' youth--resilient,

service-driven, and ready to lead.
It is my honor to recognize her

today before this body and to commend her as a model citizen and

recipient of the Westerman Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SCOTT GATTO AS JUNE 2025 VETERAN OF THE MONTH

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with profound respect and

gratitude to recognize the extraordinary service and unwavering

dedication of Staff Sergeant Scott Gatto, a proud veteran of the United

States Marine Corps and our distinguished Veteran of the Month for June

2025 from Michigan's 9th Congressional District.
His exceptional

military career and steadfast commitment to innovation, leadership, and

mentorship embody the very best of American service.
Scott Gatto answered the call to serve his country after he completed

high school when he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps.
He

reported to the 3rd Marine Division on September 11, 2001, just two

hours before the tragic attack on the World Trade Center occurred.
Over

a remarkable near-decade career, Scott worked to forge strong

relationships with foreign leaders, serving in diverse and demanding

environments across the globe.
Scott and his unit conducted hundreds of

combat missions, demonstrating bravery and commitment.
During the intense second Battle of Fallujah, Scott was one of only

nine Marines from his 41-member platoon to survive.
Five of these

survivors were critically wounded.
Scott and his unit demonstrated

dedication to our country and made tremendous sacrifices.
After his service with the United States Marine Corps, Scott played a

vital role in working with the Department of Defense.
Here, he led

teams responsible for providing essential gear to troops on the

battlefield.
In 2013, Scott then transitioned into the pharmaceutical

industry, applying his college education and background to become a top

sales representative.
Scott focused on advocating for patients and

helping drive success within his teams.
Scott continues to work and

thrive in the industry by helping counteract the social stigmas

associated with the field.
He has received several honors and awards

for his efforts.
In 2017, Scott founded a non-profit organization called ``Reunite the

Fight''.
The organization is dedicated to supporting veterans who

struggle with PTSD, survivors' guilt and other mental health

challenges.
Having been diagnosed with PTSD himself, Scott felt the

call to help other veterans access essential support such as medical

treatments, PTSD therapy workshops, employment opportunities, and

veterans' benefits.
His non-profit has successfully helped over 1,500

veterans and continues to make significant contributions to his

community today.
Above all, Scott is a devoted father to three children-Alaina,

Scottie, and Kai.
Together, they share a passion for adventure and the

outdoors, while also valuing the importance of learning about new and

diverse cultures.
Mr. Speaker, let us express our sincerest appreciation to Scott Gatto

for his outstanding military service and for his excellent acts of

leadership that have protected our country and also helped his local

community.
His story is a testament to the American spirit of service,

sacrifice, and leadership, and it is an honor to recognize him as our

Veteran of the Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WWII COMBAT VETERAN ALBERT BUSACCA ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Albert Busacca,

a World War II combat veteran, on his 100th birthday.