That

is why I have requested that the Tennessee Valley Authority

(TVA) provide the risk analysis and data behind their

decision to move forward with repairs and improvements.
The people of Western North Carolina deserve to know why

repairs are needed if we are going to come to an educated

opinion on the best path forward.
It's imperative that the

condition of the dam, the safety of the community downstream,

and the economic security of the businesses and people

surrounding the dam be considered when evaluating the best

approach to addressing the safety concerns.
My office will continue to work with local and federal

officials to determine the best path forward, while

strengthening the long-term viability of the dam so that our

local economy can thrive.
TVA is early in their process of analyzing potential

solutions and impacts, and anyone interested in the decision-

making process can attend in-person or virtual public input

sessions.
The dates and times for these sessions can be found

on their website here.
Myth Buster: MS-13 gang member of ``Maryland father''?
There are folks who have been up in arms about an MS-13

gang member, whom some have dubbed as a ``Maryland man,''

claiming that he has been ``mistakenly'' deported to El

Salvador.
Let's be clear: Deporting him was NOT a mistake.
There has been a deportation order for Abrego Garcia since

2019, when an immigration court and an appellate immigration

court both ruled that he was a member of MS-13 and in our

country illegally.
When MS-13 was declared a foreign terrorist organization,

Abrego Garcia became no longer eligible for any form of

immigration relief in our country.
This is just another example of hand-picked information

errantly fueling public outrage.
Not only should journalistic

institutions prioritize factual, balanced reporting over

sensationalism, but we as citizens must also take

responsibility for looking at the facts rather than

retreating into ideological bubbles.
Protecting consumer choice from radical mandates

You may have heard of California's electric vehicle (EV)

mandate to ban the sale of gas-powered cars, which is the

latest attempt to force an extreme agenda that would take

away consumer choice, lead to higher prices for both new and

used cars, and strain our electric grid.
Such a ban would affect consumers in every state in our

country by raising costs and decreasing availability of gas

vehicles.
The assertion that EVs are affordable and highly sought

after is out of touch with reality: only 1 percent of

registered vehicles in the U.S. are EV's.
I voted for three resolutions that passed the House to push

back on such radical policies from the prior administration

and repeal these disastrous mandates:

House Joint Resolution 88 would repeal California's waiver

allowing the state to ban the sale of gas-powered vehicles by

2035.
House Joint Resolution 87 would repeal California's waiver

allowing the state to require the sale of zero-emission

trucks.
House Joint Resolution 89 would end California's nitrogen

oxide engine emission standards, which create unrealistic

standards for heavy-duty on-road engines.
The U.S. has reduced emissions for decades through wise

investment and innovation, not extreme government mandates.
Congress must protect consumer choice and stop California

from circumventing the federal government's environmental

regulations, to the detriment of consumers and the automobile

market nationwide.
Bringing the federal government to folks across WNC

In keeping with my office's motto of being ``First in

Constituent Services'' and helping folks after Hurricane

Helene, my office regularly brings the Carolina Cruiser

across our mountains for mobile office hours.
In April alone, the Carolina Cruiser made 16 stops where

members of my team heard about the issues that matter to WNC

communities, answered questions about disaster recovery, and

assisted with federal agencies.
During these office hours, my

team heard from over 150 individuals.
As your congressman, it is my goal to remain accessible to

you.