Title: HONORING DR.
MICHAEL ROUSE; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
99

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
MICHAEL ROUSE

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the lifelong

service of Dr. Michael Rouse, a man whose dedication to ministry,

education, and the advancement of Christian values has had a profound

impact not only in Alabama, but across the Nation.
Dr. Rouse's commitment to faith and education is evident in his

academic achievements.
He earned his bachelor's degree from Baptist

Bible College, followed by a master's degree in pastoral ministries,

and a doctorate in theology from Bethany Seminary.
These

accomplishments laid the foundation for his more than forty years of

devoted service as the senior pastor of Mountain View Baptist Church in

Birmingham, Alabama.
Through his leadership, this church has been a

beacon of faith and community in our state.
Beyond his pastoral duties, Dr. Rouse has been a leader in Christian

education.
In 1982, he founded Mountain View Baptist School, providing

generations of students with a strong academic foundation rooted in

biblical principles.
His influence in education extended further

through his twenty-five years of service as both vice president and

president of the Alabama Christian Education Association.
Additionally, from 2016 to 2024, he served faithfully as the

president of the American Association of Christian Schools, guiding

Christian educational institutions across the country with wisdom and

steadfast dedication.
Dr. Rouse's contributions to our communities, our schools, and our

faith institutions cannot be overstated.
His lifelong efforts have

strengthened families, empowered students, and enriched the spiritual

and educational fabric of Alabama and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS.
REBA W. STEWART

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

a dedicated wife, committed mother, loving grandmother, trailblazing

bank executive, benevolent community servant, giving neighbor, and dear

friend of longstanding, Mrs. Reba W. Stewart.
Sadly, Reba passed away

on June 7, 2025.
A graveside service to celebrate her remarkable life

will be held on Tuesday, June 10, 2025, in Albany, Georgia.
Reba was born to the union of the late Ola Mae and Warnell Willis in

Albany, Georgia.
She was a proud graduate of Albany High School and the

Georgia Banking School.
Mrs. Stewart dedicated thirty-seven and a half years to Citizens and

Southern Bank, now known as Bank of America.
She was subsequently

employed at SunTrust Bank for twenty-six years.
A true trailblazer,

Reba became the first female banking officer and the first female

branch manager in Albany during her time at Citizens and Southern Bank.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space

that we occupy here on this earth.''
Reba paid her rent, and she paid

it well.
She was committed to giving back to the community that had

nurtured her for so long.
Her sense of pride for Albany propelled her

into many leadership roles with various social and civic organizations

including serving as past Chairperson of the Board of Directors for the

American Heart Association, Albany YMCA, SOWEGA Council on Aging, and

the Boys and Girls Club of Albany.
She played pivotal roles in

fundraising to build the Chapel at Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital and

helping to construct the new church at Byne Memorial Baptist Church of

Albany.
Additionally, she contributed her talents to the Foundation

Boards of Darton College and Albany State College (now university), as

well as the Board of Directors of SunTrust Bank.
Reba's dedication to

her community was further demonstrated through her membership in the

Dougherty County Kiwanis Club.
Throughout her life, Mrs. Stewart received numerous accolades that

reflect her profound impact on the community.