As he enters retirement, we also recognize the enduring support of

his family.
His wife, Captain Katie Blackledge, is a fellow veteran and

airman in her own right, and together they have raised two exceptional

daughters, Laurel and Lane Blackledge.
Their shared sacrifice and

steadfast support have been essential to Daniel's service, and our

Nation owes them a debt of gratitude as well.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Lieutenant

Colonel Daniel Blackledge for his outstanding service to our country

and in wishing him and his family continued success in this next

chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on Helene recovery,

Chatuge Dam repair, and protecting consumer choice.
Dear Friend,

News outlets thrive on controversy, and nothing grabs

attention like conflict.
Since coming to Congress, my colleagues on both sides of

the aisle have come together to pass more than 430 bills and

amendments, but that doesn't make for entertaining news.
To stir up conflict, news outlets often create a black hole

or ignoring them.
If the media is a driving force behind division, it must

also be part of the solution.
You can read my full discussion

on media bias here.
Clearing debris from waterways post-Helene

The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) continues to work

diligently to clear debris from many of our waterways after

Hurricane Helene.
I appreciated the opportunity to receive an update on their

progress and share a few of the concerns that I've been

hearing from our community, including the need for debris

removal efforts to be mindful of endangered and threatened

species and to avoid removing healthy vegetation from the

streambanks.
USACE's methodical approach to debris removal has

facilitated the clearing of over 3.4 million cubic yards of

debris, giving the natural environments that have been

reshaped by Helene the opportunity to heal.
The Corps shared that they were not just removing debris

for the short-term.
Instead, they have been focused on the

long-term health of the region by implementing a zero-

tolerance policy for over-cleaning or reckless removal of

debris.
While we can all acknowledge that there are times when the

Corps has missed the zero-tolerance mark, our conversation

made it clear that we are both committed to working together

to make sure that our streams and rivers are cleaned the

right way, so they can return to being safe, healthy, and

free of debris for decades to come.
Tax deadlines extended for Helene victims

The IRS is extending various tax deadlines to Sept. 25,

2025 for folks located in areas affected by Hurricane Helene.
If you need assistance navigating issues with the IRS, my

district office is available to help.
Visit my website at

edwards.house.gov/services/federalagency.
Ensuring safety and economic security along the Hiwassee River

Western North Carolina, with its many lakes and rivers,

must remain at the forefront of dam safety.
With the recent vulnerabilities found in the Chatuge Dam,

it is critical that safety risks are addressed to protect

lives and downstream communities in our mountains.
That said,

the Hiwassee River is foundational to the rural, westernmost

areas of our district's recreation industry and economy.
That

is why I have requested that the Tennessee Valley Authority

(TVA) provide the risk analysis and data behind their

decision to move forward with repairs and improvements.
The people of Western North Carolina deserve to know why

repairs are needed if we are going to come to an educated

opinion on the best path forward.
It's imperative that the

condition of the dam, the safety of the community downstream,

and the economic security of the businesses and people

surrounding the dam be considered when evaluating the best

approach to addressing the safety concerns.