From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WWII COMBAT VETERAN ALBERT BUSACCA ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Albert Busacca,

a World War II combat veteran, on his 100th birthday.
His bravery,

resilience, and selflessness as a veteran helped shape a better world

for future generations.
Today, we proudly honor and celebrate this

milestone birthday.
Albert served in combat during World War II in the 4th Infantry

Division and saw action in the European Theatre of Operations.
His

efforts played a key role in providing peace for our country and does

not go unnoticed.
He also continued to demonstrate his strong work

ethic at General Motors, where he later retired from leaving a proud

legacy of hard work behind.
Beyond his dedication to our country, Albert is a lifelong volunteer

who finds joy in helping his community.
He spent a lot of his time

volunteering at soup kitchens, providing nutritious meals to families

and individuals in need.
Albert is also a devoted husband and loving father.
He was married to

his wife for over 60 years, and together they raised 8 children.
His

children describe him as an incredible father and one of the best

people they have had the pleasure of knowing.
Mr. Speaker, help me congratulate Albert Busacca, an inspiring

example of an American, on his 100th birthday.
His contributions to our

country and community reflect his character--brave, selfless, and

committed to serving others.
His century of life continues to inspire

his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF ORVAL MULLEN

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember the

life and service of a dedicated American veteran, Mr. Orval Mullens of

Oakwood, Ohio.
Orval, who celebrated his 103rd birthday in February,

passed away on May 15, 2025.
Orval led a long, productive life, and I

am honored to have the opportunity to recognize his many

accomplishments in life, especially his service to our Nation.
During World War II, Orval served as a field lineman in the Eighth

Regiment of the Fourth Infantry of the U.S. Army from October 14, 1942,

to September 25, 1945.
Orval landed on Utah Beach on D-Day, June 6,

1944, and he fought in the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944.
In

April of 1945, Orval and the soldiers of the Eighth Regiment assisted

in the liberation of the concentration camp at Dachau.
He was awarded

two Purple Hearts for his service.
He also received a Bronze Star and

the French Legion of Honor, as well as several other medals.
After completing his military service, he started O.H. Mullen Sales

in the 1950s and owned and operated the business until the mid-1980s.
His company manufactured, sold, and distributed archery equipment.
He

married Luella Conley on October 24, 1942, and they were together for

74 years until her passing in 2016.
They had three children: Dr. Orval

Lee Mullen, James Mullen of Oakwood, and Judith Wieging of Willshire.
The family has grown to include grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to the life and service of Orval Mullen.
On behalf of the Fifth

Congressional District of Ohio, it is my honor to recognize his

contributions to our Nation, community, and his family.
Our thoughts

and prayers are with his family as they celebrate his long life.