Now that the Secretary of State is abolishing NHS England, will he listen to the calls from the National Pharmacy Association and the Independent Pharmacies Association, and publish immediately the independent report commissioned by NHS England on pharmacies’ finances?
We will publish the economic analysis imminently.
He mentioned the National Pharmacy Association, which gives me the opportunity to say that I think that the collective action that it is taking is premature, unnecessary and detrimental to community pharmacy patients.
I urge the NPA to reconsider its position and wait for the outcome of our negotiations with the CPE, which will come very shortly.
We will announce that very soon.
The National Pharmacy Association, which has been waiting for months to get the answer, is advising all its 6,000 pharmacy members to reduce services and hours, for the first time in 104 years.
That has never happened before under a Labour Government, or under the Lib Dems or the Conservatives, but it is happening under this Government.
Its chair said: “The sense of anger among pharmacy owners has been intensified exponentially by the Budget”, citing unfunded national insurance contributions and national living wage increases.
The Minister acknowledges that there is potential action.
What contingency plans does the Department have to ensure that we keep patients safe if pharmacies close their doors in industrial action next week?
On the NPA, it has taken us a while to clean up the utter mess that we inherited in community pharmacy.
That involved agreeing financial envelopes and getting into negotiations with CPE.
Those negotiations  have been constructive, and I am delighted to confirm again that we will soon announce the outcome of those negotiations.
What we see here is the shadow Minister apparently taking the side of people taking collective action in a premature way that is detrimental to patients.
They would be better off waiting for the outcome.
The Government are taking industrial relations into the 21st century, as opposed to the performative nonsense that we saw for 14 years.
What steps he is taking to support families of patients who have been sectioned under the Mental Health Act 1983.
When someone is detained, family involvement is extremely valuable, and families should be supported to maintain contact with their loved ones.
Our Mental Health Bill will strengthen requirements to involve families in people’s care.
We will require clinicians to involve patients and their families where possible when developing new statutory care and treatment plans.
I have two ongoing constituency cases with adult men who have serious and long-term mental health issues.
One of my constituents believes that her life is in danger because of her son’s threatening behaviour towards her—her own mental health has been seriously affected by the fear and stress.
The other case involves a young man causing serious distress to his neighbours with his behaviour, which recently led to an incident where he reportedly threatened a police officer with a knife.
Both men are living alone in unsupported accommodation, both are at risk of coercion and abuse because of their mental health problems, and both are causing serious distress to their families and neighbours.
Will the Minister tell the House whether he is working with other Departments to ensure the availability of more provision to support people such as my constituents to live safely in the community and not cause harm or distress to those around them?
I know that the hon.
Member has met my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State about at least one of those constituency cases.
NHS England has asked mental health trusts to review the care of high-risk patients and has published national guidance on the standards of care that are expected.
Ultimately, the Mental Health Act is there to protect people and provide the necessary powers to enable clinicians to manage and support such patients—and to do so, where possible, in the community.
Yesterday I met Essex partnership university NHS foundation trust and spoke to it about the need to support the families of those suffering with mental health issues in Harlow, and particularly those with caring responsibilities.
Will the Minister consider how mental health services can better identify and support young carers?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that we are bringing forward the Mental Health Bill, and an important part of that legislation will enable family  members—when they are chosen as a nominated person—to have powers to request assessment under the Act, challenge decisions and request considerations of discharge in line with the nearest relative powers.
What steps he is taking to ensure special educational and disability needs are met by the NHS.
I commend my hon.
Friend for her dedication to improving support for children in her role as the opportunity mission champion.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities may access a range of NHS services, including health assessments and specialised support.
All integrated care boards must have an executive lead for SEND to ensure that that work receives sufficient focus.
We are working closely with the Department for Education on reforms to the SEND system.
As the Minister is aware, last year we faced the devastating closure of the Accrington Victoria hospital after 14 years of mismanagement by the Conservative party.
I place on record my thanks to the frontline staff who have managed that transition and the operational challenges to relocate services, but sadly a fully purposed building for children with SEND had to be used to relocate clinical services.
How does the Minister plan to ensure that those with SEND are at the heart of commissioning plans and service development?
The system we inherited has been failing to meet the needs of children with SEND for far too long—that became clear in what happened at the Accy Vic.
Through the 10-year health plan, we will consider all those policies, including those that impact on children and young people.
We are working closely with the Department for Education to support the delivery of the opportunity mission.
I also hosted a roundtable recently with children and young people, including those with SEND, so that they can feed directly into the 10-year plan.
They will be at the heart of our thinking and planning on these issues.
Mr Speaker, your heart would have been gladdened last week to see colleagues from across the House coming together to support my debate calling for the Down Syndrome Act 2022 to be implemented three years on.
The Minister for Secondary Care said in response that Down syndrome-specific guidance would be produced, which is welcome.
Will the Minister ensure that the consultation group is restricted to organisations that represent Down syndrome people only, and will she promise that, after three long years, that statutory guidance will finally be issued before the end of this calendar year?
Work to develop the Down Syndrome Act statutory guidance is being taken forward as a priority, with a view to publishing it for consultation by the summer.
It does involve people with Down syndrome, as part of a wider group.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since I reported to the House on the Government’s plans to abolish NHS England, hammering the final nail into the coffin of Lord Lansley’s disastrous 2012 reorganisation, the reforms have been welcomed almost universally across Parliament—with the exception of Lord Lansley.
I am pleased to report that the new chief executive of NHS England, Sir Jim Mackey, has appointed the transformation team that will deliver better care for patients and better value for taxpayers’ money.
We are working closely together as we finalise the 10-year plan for health, which will be published around the spending review in June.
My constituent June is 74 years old and has stage 4 cancer.
She had to queue—not phone, but queue—at her GP surgery at 8 am, only not to be given an appointment.
What is the Secretary of State doing to stop such dreadful situations?
I am very sorry to hear of June’s experience.
It illustrates why our determination to end the 8 am scramble for appointments is so necessary, starting with a new requirement for practices to make online appointment requests available through core hours, as well as the big uplift we have invested into general practice.
I hope that will start to see improvements so that people like June will not be left queuing outside in the cold.