“We recognise there may be some short-term upfront costs as we undertake the integration of NHS England and the Department”.
For clarity, can the Secretary of State confirm what the quantum of those reorganisation costs will be and the date by which they will have been recouped?
I am sure that the whole House will want to send our condolences to the right hon.
Gentleman following the loss of his father.
It is good to see him back in action—if not always back in action.
Given the scale of the job reductions and savings that we are seeking to make, the total quantum will be determined once the final shape of the organisation is determined.
Can I also welcome, as I did in January, the Secretary of State’s commitment to seek to work cross party on the future of social care?
He was right
and I welcomed that at the time, but like him and many  others, we are all keen to see progress.
Can he update the House on when he anticipates the cross-party talks that were postponed in February will be rescheduled to take place?
Baroness Casey will be making contact with all party groups in order to set dates with parties across this House very shortly, and of course she will be kicking off her commission in April, which is now only days away.
It has been brilliant to meet residents who in recent weeks have had their operation dates brought forward, thanks to the additional evening and weekend appointments that the Labour Government have funded, but we know that too many people are still waiting too long.
What more will Ministers be doing to really drive down waiting lists in my community and across the country?
As my hon.
Friend says, we have brought NHS waiting lists down five months in a row, including during the peak winter pressures.
We have delivered the 2 million more appointments we promised seven months early, and we published our elective reform plan at the beginning of the new year with the Prime Minister, which sets out the combination of measures, the investment and the reform that will ensure that we deliver the shorter waiting times and the faster access to treatment that my hon.
Friend’s constituents and people right across the country deserve.
I look forward to keeping him updated.
We are not going to get everyone in unless we pick up the pace.
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson will set a good example.
In last night’s “Panorama” programme, the Secretary of State was reported to have said that he did not need to wait for a review to put more money into social care, which we agree with.
If that is the case, will he explain why the Casey commission will take three years, and will he instead commit to getting it done this year in order to fix the social care crisis straightaway?
Phase 1 of the Casey commission reports next year and the final Casey report is due by 2028, but the Chancellor has already announced an increase in funding for social care in the Budget, through means that the hon.
Lady’s party regrettably seems to oppose.
It is impossible not to be inspired by my constituent Hayley and the bravery of her daughter, Lily, after Lily was diagnosed with an optic pathway glioma at the age of just one.
Hayley stepped back from work not just to look after Lily but to make sure she was able to campaign for change.
The Government’s commitment to a national cancer plan is welcome, but with brain tumours not typically being staged or screenable, how can we ensure that they are not overlooked as part of the plan’s development?
I commend my hon.
Friend’s constituent for her work with the Brain Tumour Charity, and I wish Lily well with her treatment.
The Government have launched the brain tumour research consortium, which will support efforts to speed up the diagnosis of tumours and aid the recovery of patients, and the national cancer plan will ensure that we include brain tumour patients.
We know that everyone’s cancer is as unique as they are, and this will be reflected in the plan.
In reviewing the NHS workforce plan, will Ministers urgently review the pay and status of registered nurses, who are, after all, the backbone of the NHS?
Many are now dependent on food banks, thousands are saddled with student debt, and most will expect never to rise beyond band 5, which is a maximum of £35,000 a year.
The Chancellor took almost immediate action to deliver the uplift in pay for NHS staff that they deserve.
We are working closely with the Royal College of Nursing, Unison and others ensure that we tackle the challenges of low pay in the nursing profession that the hon.
Member describes.
Since being elected, I have been contacted by a number of constituents registered with a GP in Scotland who find themselves unable to get medication for which they have a prescription while visiting England.
Will my hon.
Friend take steps to encourage NHS England and NHS Scotland to work together to find a solution that works for patients?
I am very sorry to hear about my hon.
Friend’s constituents’ experience.
Accessing vital medicines while travelling between nations should be seamless, and I will ask NHS England to work with NHS Scotland to better understand what needs to change to make things easier for patients across the UK.
In the light of the recently announced 50% staffing reductions across integrated care boards, has the Secretary of State made any assessment of how those cuts to the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough ICB will delay the delivery of essential new primary care services for my rapidly growing constituency, particularly in Northstowe, Cambourne and St Neots, where thousands of constituents are already facing unacceptable difficulties in accessing care?
Despite the significant uplift announced by the Chancellor at the Budget, system financial returns during the planning round suggested an overspend for the coming year of between £5 billion to £6 billion.
When I said I would not tolerate overspending in the NHS, I meant it.
When I said I would go after unnecessary administrative costs, duplication and bureaucracy, I meant it.
That is what this Government are doing to protect frontline services.
In Saxmundham in my constituency, Dr Havard has led a campaign for 20 years to transform the healthcare centre into a one-stop community healthcare hub.
His   practice has already expanded services, transforming health locally.
Does the Minister agree that the Saxmundham healthcare hub is an excellent example and model for what this Government are trying to do to transform community healthcare?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that shifting care from hospitals to the community is at the heart of our 10-year plan.
I would be happy to meet the doctors leading this pilot to find out more about the excellent work that she describes.
For eight years, I have seen how a young constituent has been able to completely control his previously life-threatening seizures with medicinal cannabis, but at huge cost to his family—a cost that is prohibitive for other people.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can make access to such treatments more affordable, accessible and safe, so that we can help more people?
We recently had a helpful debate in Westminster Hall on this topic.
We are doing more research on this issue to ensure that the evidence base is there.
I am happy to discuss the matter further with the hon.
Member.
In the ongoing discussion on assisted dying, one point on which we all agree in this House is the urgent need to improve palliative care.
I therefore welcome the Government’s recent £100 million commitment to supporting hospices, including those that help my constituents.
Can the Minister confirm whether long-term funding for hospices will be a priority in the upcoming 10-year health service plan?
My hon.
Friend is right that the hospice sector has been provided with the largest capital spend in a generation—£100 million.
We are also providing £26 million of revenue funding to children and young people’s hospices.
I can confirm that hospices will play a key role in our shift from hospitals to the community, as he set out in his question.
Tragically, Ed was just 24 years old when he decided to take his own life, and that is why the family have joined us today in the Gallery.
What urgent action are the Government taking to improve mental healthcare and suicide prevention for young people like Ed?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
We are investing in 8,500 more mental health specialists, as well as specialists in every school, and in Young Futures hubs across the country, to ensure that we do whatever we can to prevent these tragedies.
An early day motion from 2007 noted that women were typically waiting eight years to be diagnosed with endometriosis.
Shockingly, nearly 20 years later, that wait has increased to nine years.
The Government are right to tackle the appalling waiting lists for surgery, but the one in 10 women who suffer with endometriosis often struggle with years of pain before surgery is even suggested.
What plans does the Department have to deal with these delays, and how we can ensure that those working in primary care recognise this debilitating condition earlier?
Those statistics are shocking.
Campaigns here and elsewhere have helped to raise awareness of endometriosis.
The update to National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines will help, as will more appointments, and our commitment to the 18-week target.
Training for GPs is now part of the core curriculum, and we expect that to yield good results.
NHS England and the Office for National Statistics have look-across to the statistics on diagnostic metric standards.
I am happy to update my hon.
Friend outside the Chamber, and I know other Members are also interested in how we are delivering on these commitments.
My constituents in South West Hertfordshire remain concerned about the significant delay to the redevelopment of Watford general.
With the Chancellor already bringing a second emergency Budget before the House tomorrow, and with care homes, hospices and charities facing unsustainable pressure from this Government’s national insurance increases, what reassurances can the Minister give my constituents that the Labour party truly care about healthcare, rather than scoring political points?
The irony!
There is one big difference between what this Government are doing and what the Conservative party did for 14 years, which is that this Government will actually deliver a new Watford general hospital where the Conservative party failed.
Do Ministers agree that a logical conclusion of the Darzi report is that the national care service that we are committed to creating must be free at the point of use?
As Lord Darzi found, as long as the social care system remains means-tested and the NHS is a universally free service, unmet care needs will continue to put unsustainable pressure on our health services.
That is a vital issue.
The Casey commission will look at how best to create a fair and affordable adult social care system, and at which structural reforms will be needed where health and social care meet, because reform must always be married with investment.
General practitioners in my constituency have consistently restructured over 10 years of constant systemic and economic pressures.
How will the Minister convince the Treasury to exempt GPs from the increase to national insurance contributions, and show my GPs that he has their back?
It was thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor in the Budget that we were able to award £889 million for general practice.
That is why the Minister for Care was able to get the GP contract agreed for the first time since the pandemic.
Opposition Members cannot continue to welcome the investment and oppose the means.
They have to spell out where they would cut services or raise taxes instead.
Last year, my constituent Danielle was diagnosed with POTS—postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.
She found herself unable to get out of bed and unable to speak for long periods.
She  could not receive care in Scotland.
Specialist treatment does not seem to exist for POTS.
What more can we do for people like Danielle, and what conversations has the Minister had with counterparts about establishing specialist treatment in Scotland?
In England, it is the responsibility of local integrated care boards to work with clinicians, service users and patient groups to develop services and care pathways that are convenient and meet the needs of patients with POTS.
NICE has published a clinical knowledge summary on the clinical management of blackouts and syncope, which provides advice for UK clinicians on best practice and the assessment and diagnosis of POTS.
I have twice invited Ministers to visit Bridlington district hospital with me to see its much-underutilised potential.
In the light of the ongoing challenges faced by coastal and rural health services and the newly announced changes to integrated care boards, may I hope that it will be third time lucky, and extend that invitation once again?
We are delighted to receive the hon.
Gentleman’s representations.
We will look carefully at the case he makes and will consider visits as diaries allow.
Much to my alarm, the North Central London ICB has recommended the closure of the maternity unit at the Royal Free hospital in my constituency.
The Secretary of State knows the Royal Free well.
Will he meet me to see how I can save my local maternity unit, which looked after me so well when I had gestational diabetes?
These local services are so important for local women, as my hon.
Friend has experienced.
It is really important that reconfigurations are discussed with local Members of Parliament, representing their constituents.
This is obviously a matter for the local ICB, but I am happy to discuss it further with her.
Following my long-running campaign, I am grateful to the Government for finally updating the outdated Treasury rules that were preventing local health boards from spending more money on keeping city centre GP locations.
Will the Government now issue guidance to local health boards and NHS trusts to accelerate the pooling of resources, so that we can get more services out of hospitals and on to our high streets, especially as our high streets need extra footfall right now?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for all the work she has been doing on this issue.
She is right: we need more integration of services, and we need to look at where we can share facilities to achieve better care for patients and better value for taxpayers.
The former chair of my local trust, Bradford teaching hospitals NHS foundation trust, Dr Max Mclean, has today secured whistleblowing protection for himself in a landmark victory.
Last week marked a year since a non-exec director at the trust was  suspended, and a third non-exec director has put in an ET1 form to the employment tribunal.
There appears to be a clear culture of targeting and witch-hunting whistleblowers at Bradford teaching hospitals trust.
I appreciate the Secretary of State’s team supporting me, but given these recent developments, will he meet me?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising these serious issues.
There are issues of concern here, and she clearly describes a concerning situation for the local community.
We need to look carefully at what is happening, and the Minister of State for Health, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth) , would be delighted to meet her.
Smile Dental Centre is in one of the least affluent parts of my community in Basildon.
It is looking to expand and provide more NHS dental services, but it has come up against a few issues.
Will the Minister, or one of his officials, meet me and Smile Dental Centre to see what we can unblock to deliver more dental health services for local people?
We are always looking for opportunities to unblock more capacity, and I would be happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman.
Coastal constituencies such as mine in Bournemouth East suffer significant health inequalities.
What are the Government doing to address them, and will the Minister meet me and coastal Labour MPs to address the issue?
My hon.
Friend is right: coastal communities face unique challenges when it comes to health inequalities.
I will shortly attend the all-party group for coastal communities, where I will meet him and colleagues to discuss these issues.
As the Secretary of State will know, in 2018, this House allocated £40 million of funding in memory of Dame Tessa Jowell, who was killed by a brain tumour.
Seven years on, less than half of that money has been spent.
The money is doing no  good sitting in a bank, so will the Secretary of State please commit to spending that money within a decade of Dame Tessa’s death?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question, as it gives me the chance to pay tribute to the late great Baroness Jowell, as well as to the work taking place in her name through the Tessa Jowell Brain Cancer Mission.
There have been frustrating delays in getting funding out the door for the purpose for which it is intended.
Ministers are looking carefully at this issue, and we want to make more progress more quickly, to ensure that families do not receive the same death sentence that our late friend did.
That concludes Question Time.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Since  14 January , I have tabled 15 named day written parliamentary questions to the Department of Health and Social Care.
Fourteen have received a holding response, meaning that just one was answered on time.
To give a simple example, I asked how many times the Minister had met Community Pharmacy England.
Four days later, I received a standard holding answer, which stated that “it will not be possible to answer this question within the usual time period.”
It then took five days for an answer to come, which stated: “Ministers meet regularly with external stakeholders on a variety of topics, including, but not limited to, pharmacy.”
May I ask your advice, Mr Speaker?
What mechanisms are in place to ensure that named day questions are answered on time?
If they continue not to be answered on time, how can I escalate the matter further?
First, I am disappointed that questions are not being answered, but I am not responsible for ministerial answers.
I hope that those on the Treasury Bench, including the Secretary of State, have taken on board the importance of replying.
Named day questions are called that because they are meant to be answered on the day that is named.
I am very disappointed.
The Department may be overworked; if that is the case, perhaps we ought to bring in staff from other Departments to ensure that questions are answered on time.
I know that the Secretary of State will have immediately made a note to ensure that those questions are answered.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on asylum hotels and illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
As the right hon.
Member is aware, the Home Office discharges its statutory duty to provide accommodation and to support destitute asylum seekers through seven asylum accommodation and support services contracts.
Those contracts were entered into by the previous Government, commencing in 2019, and are split between three providers: Clearsprings Ready Homes Ltd, Serco Ltd, and Mears Ltd.
Significant elements of the behaviour and performance of one of the sub-contractors of Clearsprings Ready Homes fell short of what we would expect from a Government supplier.
That is why the Home Office has informed Clearsprings Ready Homes that it must exit the arrangements with a subcontractor in its supply chain, Stay Belvedere Hotels.
We will not hesitate to take further action in respect of Clearsprings and its wider supply chain if that proves necessary, and we are conducting a full audit of our supply chain.
We expect the highest standards from those contracted to provide essential services, and this Government will always hold them to account for delivery, performance and value for money.
Where there are concerns about how contractors or their subcontractors are discharging their contractual obligations, we will not hesitate to take swift and decisive action.
The Home Office progresses matters relating to these contracts with its providers in commercial confidentiality.
I will not give a running commentary, but I assure the House that whatever the position with any of its providers, the Home Office remains focused on maintaining continuity of service and ensuring that our statutory obligation is met at all times, and has contingency plans in this regard.
None of that takes away from our commitment to reducing the huge cost of asylum hotels, which remains our priority.
In relation to channel crossings, this Government have put forward a serious, credible plan to restore order to our asylum system, including tougher enforcement powers, ramping up returns to their highest levels for more than half a decade, and a major crackdown on illegal working to end the false promise of jobs, used by gangs to sell spaces on boats.
Increased law enforcement action and disruption is already showing some indication of pressure on the business model of the gangs, and we are introducing new powers for law enforcement to use against the vile trade in people smuggling and trafficking.
Last summer, the Government were elected on a promise to end the use of asylum hotels.
Well, it has now been nine months, so let us see how they are getting on.
The use of asylum hotels has gone up by 8,000 since the general election—it has not gone down; it has gone up.
Some 38,000 mainly illegal immigrants are now in those hotels, costing hard-working taxpayers around £2 billion a year.
It is completely unacceptable that taxpayers are asked to foot a bill that size.
The  people living in those hotels broke our laws by coming here from France, which is a manifestly safe country that nobody needs to leave.
I have a very simple question for the Minister: when will the Government end the use of asylum hotels?
During the election campaign last summer and subsequently, the Government also promised to “smash the gangs”, but that promise now lies in tatters.
In the nine months since the election, 29,162 people—nearly 30,000 people—have illegally crossed the English channel, which is a 31% increase on the same period 12 months before.
In fact, 2025 is even worse.
Since  1 January , more people have crossed the English channel illegally than in any year in history—this is the worst year.
It is 38% worse than the previous worst year, so things are getting worse not better.
They have not smashed the gangs, but capitulated to them.
The hon.
Lady mentioned returns.
Most of those returns do not relate to people who arrived by small boat.
In fact, those people being returned who came by small boat amount to only about 4% of small boat arrivals; I do not know how letting 96% of people who arrived by small boat stay here is a deterrent.
At the weekend, we saw briefings—to the press and not to Parliament, Mr Speaker—that the Government are now considering some kind of offshore removal scheme.
That sounds vaguely familiar!
At last they have realised that some kind of removals deterrent is needed.
Will the Minister now apologise for cancelling the Rwanda deterrent before it even started and, as a consequence, losing control of our borders?
I will not take any lessons from the shadow Minister.
In his last three months as Immigration Minister, nearly 10,000 people crossed the channel in small boats, but he is complaining about half that level of crossings happening in the past three months.
Neither will I take any lessons from someone who served in a Government who presided over a situation where, at its height, there were 56,000 people in more than 400 hotels.
We are getting a grip on the problem by starting up asylum processing once more, but we inherited a huge backlog.
There was a 70% fall in asylum processing in the run-up to the general election, with more than 100,000 people stuck without being processed in the asylum system.
We are getting a grip of that, but by definition, the backlog and chaos that the Conservatives left us is taking time.
Does the Minister share my astonishment at the shadow Home Secretary’s argument given that the Conservatives wasted tens of millions of pounds on accommodation that could not be used and billions on hotels?
The state of the asylum system that we inherited is unbelievable.
Will the Minister commit to reforming that seriously dysfunctional system, including scrutinising asylum contracts with the providers when the break clause comes up next year?
We inherited a system in chaos and a series of asylum contracts worth billions of pounds that were 10 years long, with a break clause in 2026, so we are looking seriously at what we can do to get better value for public money in those contracts.
The action on Stay Belvedere Hotels Ltd is one example of the work we are doing to drive better value in the  contracts that we inherited.
We will not tolerate the behaviour of subcontractors or contractors who do not provide good value for money, which is why we have insisted that Clearsprings Ready Homes removes Stay Belvedere Hotels Ltd from its supply chain.