I will absolutely undertake to share the approach we are taking with my counterparts across the United Kingdom.
The approach I have always taken is one that understands the importance of biological sex, that recognises, understands and supports that someone’s gender identity may not always match their biological sex, and that seeks to navigate a way through what has been an extremely toxic and sometimes harmful debate in a way that protects the sex-based rights of women and protects trans people and their identity.
I know that my colleagues across Government are taking an equally sensitive approach, and I think it would be in everyone’s interests if we saw a similar approach across the whole of the United Kingdom.
It is important not just in the provision of services, but in accurate data and research, that we make that distinction, which does not in any way undermine respect for people’s gender identity.
The inquest into the tragic death of a young woman who lived in Eastleigh has highlighted the importance of continuity of specialist care for vulnerable people who move home.
My constituent, Alex, is still waiting for an appointment for ongoing specialist care three years after moving to Eastleigh.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the provision of mental healthcare in my constituency?
This question is about sex and gender.
Do not worry; I am sure that the Secretary of State has the message.
I now call the shadow Minister.
Given the findings of the Sullivan review on patient and health safety, which came about as a result of inaccurate and poor data collection, can the right hon.
Gentleman confirm what meetings he has had with Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology to discuss the reliability of the data on sex  that is intended to be used by the digital verification platform in the Data (Use and Access)
Bill?
I am grateful to the shadow Minister for her question.
I speak to the Science Secretary on too frequent a basis—on a daily basis.
He and I are both looking very carefully at the findings of the Sullivan review and working through its implications for both the health and care services, for which I am responsible, and for the Government digital and data services, for which he is responsible.
The UK Health Security Agency, for which the Secretary of State is responsible, publishes health statistics.
This includes data on sexually transmitted infections, which is published by sexual orientation and sex.
However, a footnote states that women are defined in the dataset as “women and trans women”, which does somewhat undermine the value of the data.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that data is not just collected properly, but published and presented in a way that is most clinically useful?
The shadow Minister raises a good example of how conflation of sex and gender identity is not helpful both in terms of data analysis and of recognising health inequalities.
It is also not helpful in making sure that we understand variances between people based on their different backgrounds and characteristics and that we provide targeted, personalised and effective healthcare that deals with healthcare inequalities.
That is why we are carefully studying the recommendations made by Professor Sullivan, with a view to making sure that we are meeting the needs of everyone, including the trans community, who I understand, not least because of the way that the debate has been conducted in recent years, are anxious about the implications of the report.
However, I genuinely think that the report will lead to better, more inclusive and fairer outcomes for everyone, including the trans community.
What steps his Department is taking to improve cancer care in the west of England.
I know the hon.
Member is acutely aware of the impact that cancer can have on families.
We are committed to catching cancer earlier and treating it faster.
We have achieved our manifesto pledge of 2 million extra appointments seven months early and we have invested in more surgical hubs, longer opening times, which have benefited 23 community diagnostic centres in the south-west, and new radiotherapy machines.
The national cancer plan will also seek to improve every aspect of cancer care to improve patient outcomes and experiences across the country, including in the west of England.