Shrewsbury and Telford hospital trust has some of the longest waiting lists in the country for cancer and A&E, among other areas.
It has been receiving national mandated support from NHS England’s recovery support programme.
NHS England also provides support to hospital trusts that are struggling with excessive waiting lists through its Getting It
Right First Time programme.
Given the announcement to abolish NHS England, will the Secretary of State reassure my constituents that there will be continued support for hospital trusts such as Shrewsbury and Telford with unacceptable waiting times, and a clear pathway to improvements for patients who deserve better?
Yes is the short answer.
Removing the duplication, waste and efficiency that came with having two head offices for the NHS will lead to better, more effective and streamlined decision making, but that will not in any way detract from the support that the hon.
Member describes.
In fact, we should see more support and, crucially, more investment going to the frontline as a result of the savings, efficiencies and improvements that we are making.
What recent progress his Department has made on implementing the hub and spoke model for community pharmacy.
This Government recognise the vital role that community pharmacies play as an integral part of our health system and local community.
We are working with Community Pharmacy England on the pharmacy contract, which will start to stabilise the sector and make it fit for the future, and we will announce the outcome very shortly.
On hub and spoke dispensing, we intend to lay draft secondary legislation in the coming weeks to come into force later this year.
Community pharmacy funding is at a critical juncture, with many pharmacies in my constituency facing financial challenges.
With running costs increasing and uncertainty around the date of the upcoming settlement, community pharmacies are concerned that there may be disruption to their business.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that input from community pharmacies is considered, and prior to any further legislative or regulatory changes relating to the hub and spoke model?
My hon.
Friend is right that we inherited a community pharmacy system that had been neglected for far too long, such that over the past two years, on average six pharmacies have been closing every week.
A wide range of community pharmacies and representative organisations fed into the public consultation on hub and spoke reform, and I am pleased to confirm that their responses were overwhelmingly positive in support of model 1 of hub and spoke, which we will be going with.
I recently visited Well pharmacy in Northallerton, which, like so many others, plays an important role in providing community health services.
One valued service is the provision of free blood pressure checks to those over the age of 40.
Will the Minister to join me in urging anyone with health worries or a family history of high blood pressure to take advantage of this fantastic free, pharmacy-led, preventive community health service?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that a big part of the Government’s shift from hospital to community is the pivotal role that community pharmacies will play in that process.
We are committed to the Pharmacy First model of enabling community pharmacies to do more clinical work, such as the type that he just described.
That is at the heart of our 10-year plan.