If my hon.
and learned Friend wants to talk to me about any of the details, I would be happy to listen, but of course we want to operate that site properly and appropriately until we hand it back to the Ministry of Defence in September.
Given that the Government do not believe in sending illegal immigrants to third countries such as Rwanda, can the Minister explain how they plan to deport people who have destroyed  their documents so that we do not know their country of origin?
Or is the solution to keep those people here forever—in hotels, or in one of the 1.5 million homes that Labour plans to build?
Mr Deputy Speaker—sorry, Mr Speaker.
I do not know why I am calling you Mr Deputy Speaker today; I have gone back a very long time to when you were, but that was so long ago that I can scarcely remember it.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
The right hon.
Lady should remember that the Rwanda scheme was about deporting people for good, not dealing with their asylum claims.
That is not in any way what this Government would ever consider doing, which is why that scheme was cancelled.
The shadow Home Secretary can complain all he wants, but while he was in the Home Office, 75,000 people crossed the channel, with thousands housed in hundreds of hotels across the country.
A failed Rwanda scheme and a complete freeze on asylum decision making is the reason that the cost of hotels rose to £9 million a day; everything stopped just to send four volunteers to Rwanda, and the shadow Home Secretary is responsible for the chaos.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the only party in this House that voted for the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will be the party that sorts this chaos out?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We all want to stop the perilous channel crossings that are costing vulnerable people their lives, so what steps are the Government now taking to boost further co-operation with Europol so that we can smash the gangs that are profiting from misfortune?
We have put more resource into Europol to co-operate with European partners across borders.
Operationally, we are working across Europe; we have a new agreement with the German Government and an agreement on sanctions and illicit finance with the Italian Government, and the Calais Group has met in London.
We are doing a lot of work with source areas and countries such as Vietnam, not only on returns but on countering some of the adverts that tell lies about the kind of lives that await those who get on perilous small boats.
We are working with our international colleagues across the piece, both diplomatically and operationally, to try to put pressure on the international criminal gangs and begin to close down this evil trade.
Under the Conservative party, the asylum budget ballooned to over £4 billion, taking 28% of our overseas development assistance for in-country refugee costs—mainly hotels—against an OECD average of 13.8%, making us a big outlier internationally.
I welcome the commitments to speed up processing and reduce hotel use, but with the aid budget being reduced to 0.3% from 2027, can the Minister reassure me that an ever-increasing chunk of a smaller aid budget will not be spent in-country, instead of on supporting vital poverty alleviation work internationally?
It is clearly important that overseas development moneys are used to try to prevent the flows of people that have been the result of collapses in various countries.
We in the Home Office will do all we can to minimise the spend that we currently take from the overseas development aid budget.
Mr Speaker, you will know that most of the illegal cross-channel migrants who come to this country come through my constituency, at the processing centre in Manston.
As such, I have taken a particular interest in this subject.
What I have to say is certainly not going to be popular, either among Conservative Members or among Labour Members, but neither is it going to be populist.
The Home Secretary and I—not together—both visited the Calais area recently.
We saw there hundreds if not thousands of very determined, very desperate people who are going to risk their lives to cross the channel.
The Conservatives’ Rwanda scheme and this Government’s much-vaunted smashing of the gangs will not solve that problem.
There is no quick fix, and the only solution will be long term and international.
In that context, does the Minister believe that cutting overseas aid is going to do anything other than worsen the problem?
I suggest that the right hon.
Gentleman raises that issue with the Chancellor.
It beggars belief that the Conservatives have the gall to question the actions we have taken as a Government in clearing up the mess they left behind, because they simply stopped doing anything other than wasting £9 billion of taxpayers’ money.
We have returned 19,000 people with no right to be here, we have increased Border Force, and we have increased working with our European allies and our intelligence services, but there is more to do.
It was a mess, and people in our country feel let down and a deep mistrust of politicians.
That is causing division and rumour mills to develop and fester in our communities.
Can the Minister tell me what we are doing as a Government to rebuild public trust and community cohesion?
Does she agree that that should start right here in this House?
I believe that people need to think about the language they use and the impressions of human beings they give when they talk about this very emotive issue.
It raises huge concern, I know.
As a Government, we have certainly got to do all we can to try to reassure people that we can get this system back under control, after finding a chaotic mess when we came into Government.
I recently wrote to the Minister to request the estimated savings the Government expect from the closure of 10 asylum seeker hotels.
In response, I was informed that while the Home Office publishes data on the number of people housed in hotels, it does not report on the number of rooms occupied.
A hotel accommodating people in shared rooms incurs significantly different costs from one where individuals occupy separate rooms, yet that critical distinction is overlooked.
Given that effective policy decisions must be based on clear evidence, will  the Minister commit to publishing room occupancy data to ensure accountability and informed decision making?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman.
I can assure asylum seekers that they will be treated with kindness and compassion in my human rights city of York.
However, tragically, a mother at full term lost her baby at a hotel.
Will the Minister give a guarantee that pregnant women will not be moved from hotel to hotel, so that they can have continuity of services and a safe pregnancy?
That certainly should not be happening.
If my hon.
Friend wants to talk to me about it, I will try to see what happened in that instance.
A directive from the Treasury reported in The Times appears to suggest that house building by the Government will help with the backlog of asylum seekers staying in hotels.
Does the Minister believe that individuals who have arrived in the UK illegally should be given access to social housing ahead of British citizens?
No.
Back in 2021, the Conservatives, when in government, told the town of Blackpool that they would use the Metropole hotel as an asylum hotel for three months.
They lost control of the borders and drove the asylum system into chaos, and we are still paying the price now, in one of the most deprived communities in the country.
Does the Minister agree that we need to close these hotels as soon as possible and give back that prime real estate—especially in coastal communities such as Blackpool—to help the tourism industry thrive?
We do not believe that it is sustainable to keep hotel use indefinitely, and we are working to close hotels.
Small boat crossings are up 30% since the general election.
The number of illegal asylum seekers in the asylum hotel in my constituency of Broxbourne is also up.
Illegal asylum seekers are being prioritised for GP appointments and school places, which is outrageous to me and my hard-working constituents.
Can the Minister tell the House when she will meet her manifesto commitment of closing the asylum hotel in my constituency of Broxbourne?
Our aim is to close asylum hotels and get out of what we feel is an unsustainable situation as quickly as practicable.
I am sure that the Minister agrees that one of the root causes of this crisis was the last Government’s politically motivated actions, first slowing down and then freezing the processing of asylum applications.
I have asylum seekers waiting 10 or more years for a decision.
The British public want to see a contribution by asylum seekers to the system, reducing the public burden on  taxpayers, so has the Minister considered lifting the ban on work so that people waiting more than six months for a decision can contribute to our tax system until a decision is made?
Asylum seekers who wait longer than a year are allowed to work, so long as that wait has not been caused by them—that is, a wait through no fault of their own.
We have that system now, and I am not considering shortening the length of time that must elapse before work is allowed.
rose— Order.
Questions are getting considerably longer.
Can we keep them on point?
Like  the right hon.
Member for Herne Bay and Sandwich (Sir Roger Gale) , I have visited Calais on a number of occasions, and I have met people there who are desperate.
They are victims of war, human rights abuses, environmental degradation and sheer poverty and desperation.
They do not cross the channel without a reason to do it.
What conversations is the Minister having with those in European countries, north Africa and the middle east about the root causes of the huge numbers of people globally who are seeking asylum at the present time?
Inhumanity and deportation will not work.
I do not apologise for deporting people who have no right to be here or who have been through the system and are discovered neither to be asylum seekers nor to have any right to stay in the country.
I accept the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about the desperate situation that people are in.
They could claim asylum in the country they are in, and we need to work with our counterparts in the European Union and along all the routes to see what we can do to divert those people who are seeking a better life in our country and see if we can look after them closer to home.
Under this Labour Government, illegal working raids and arrests are up by a third.
Does the Minister agree that that sends a clear message that the UK will not and should not tolerate those who abuse our immigration system, and that we will crack down on illegal activity in all its forms?