The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to shift care from major hospitals into community hospitals.
On behalf of His Majesty’s Government, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on reaching his 70th birthday—I think you said 70th, Mr Speaker, but I am sure you meant 60th.
In response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Dorset (Lloyd Hatton) , we promised in opposition to transform the NHS into a neighbourhood health service, and we have hit the ground running.
As a first step, we have announced the biggest boost to GP funding in years—an extra £889 million—which will recruit 1,000 more GPs.
We are delivering 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments, and we have given adult and children’s hospices a once-in-a-generation £100 million funding boost.
At the same time, we are delivering our plan for change and have cut waiting lists for five months in a row.
Change has begun, but the best is still to come.
I, too, pass on my best wishes to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
In South Dorset we urgently need to restore clinics and shift services back into our community hospitals in Weymouth, Portland, Swanage and Wareham.
Sadly, the previous Conservative Government hollowed out those community hospitals, meaning that services left our towns to go further and further up the road.
Combined with poor transport links, this means that many local people in my patch find it difficult to access the care they need.
With that in mind, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to restore clinics and services in our community hospitals, and will he support my campaign to restore the chemotherapy clinic at Wareham community hospital?
The big thrust of our 10-year plan will be to deliver on the three shifts: from hospital to community, from analogue to digital, and from sickness to prevention.
We believe that by moving services closer to people’s homes—and, indeed, into their homes—we will be able to provide faster diagnosis and faster access to treatment, which will be better for patients and for taxpayers.
Through the reforms we are making to the structure of NHS England and the governance of the NHS, we are also presiding over the biggest devolution in the history of the NHS, with more powers and decisions taken closer to the communities they serve.
In that spirit, I urge my hon.
Friend to make representations locally to his integrated care board, as I know he is doing.
Ministers will also be open to receiving his representations.
Following the Government’s regrettable decision not to fund Watford general hospital’s refurbishment in this Parliament, providing community care facilities in a town such as Borehamwood in my constituency—a significant town without its own dedicated facilities—is more important than ever.
Will the Secretary of State undertake to use his offices to urge the ICB and others to get their act together so that we can finally have those facilities in Borehamwood?
I am very sympathetic to the argument that the right hon.
Gentleman makes about the importance of neighbourhood health services in Borehamwood, and indeed in towns and communities across the country.
What I am not sympathetic to is a former Deputy Prime Minister complaining about the state of the NHS, which he played a key part in creating when he sat around the Cabinet table.
One in three hospital admissions occurs in a person’s last year of life, and 43% of people will die in an NHS hospital.
Clearly, that is not acceptable when people are at their frailest.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to invest in virtual wards so that we can keep those people at home, and in the district nurse workforce to ensure that district nurses have a proper career structure and that theirs can be a profession of choice once again?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the innovation and the impact of virtual wards.
I have seen at first hand the impact they can have—not just in providing better value for taxpayers and freeing up hospital beds for those who genuinely need to be in hospital, but in providing what everyone wants, which is to receive high-quality care in the comfort of their own home wherever possible.
That will be a big part of our 10-year plan, and of course, it will be underpinned by really good community nursing and community healthcare teams.
Stepping Hill hospital in Hazel Grove has a huge repairs backlog.
Patients are having to park miles away to get to the hospital, corridors have been flooded and there have been frequent power cuts.
Alongside Stockport council, the local hospital trust and the community, I am calling for an additional site in Stockport town centre, whether that is a diagnostic centre or otherwise.
What assurance can the Health Secretary give my constituents that they will be able to get the health services they need closer to them, and what support can he provide?
I am well aware of the challenges at Stepping Hill hospital and the need for support and investment in services in Stockport, not least thanks to the representations of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stockport (Navendu Mishra) .
We are looking carefully at this situation and are committed to working with leaders locally to try to improve the quality of and access to services to give local people what they deserve.
A new state-of-the-art surgical centre is set to open at the Victoria infirmary in Northwich in the next few weeks.
The new facility will be a centre of excellence and a regional hub for outstanding cataract care, and it is an excellent example of how we can reduce pressure on our major hospitals, while making the best use of facilities in the heart of our communities.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the Mid Cheshire hospitals trust on completing this project?
Can I invite him to join me on a visit to the centre in the coming months?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the local trust on the work it is doing and the impact it is having, and I would be delighted to pay a visit as soon as my diary allows.
The new St George’s NHS hub in Hornchurch has freed up space in Queen’s hospital in Romford to remodel the accident and emergency there.
Will the Secretary of State now fund that remodelling, so that our constituents can get better emergency care?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising the need for investment in the accident and emergency at Queen’s hospital in Romford.
As she alluded to, that department serves my constituents, too, so this will be a rare occasion at the Dispatch Box where I urge and encourage her to lobby the Minister of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth) , because in such decisions I must recuse myself.
However, she will know where my sympathies lie.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dental services.
Rebuilding our broken dentistry system is a priority for this Government.
We are already rolling out 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments a year, as promised in our manifesto; we have launched a supervised toothbrushing scheme for three to five-year-olds; and we are committed to reforming the dental contract and making NHS dentistry fit for the future in the long term.
In Kettering, we know the scale of the challenge facing NHS dentistry after 14 years of Tory failure.
My constituents regularly tell me how impossible it is to get an appointment.
Some are driving tens of miles to see a dentist, and it is simply a scandal how many children are admitted to hospital with tooth decay.
While it cannot be rebuilt overnight, in Kettering we welcome the extra 17,000 urgent appointments, which are a vital first step.
Can the Minister confirm that it is this Government who will make NHS dentistry fit for the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, far too many people are still struggling to find an NHS appointment.
This Government are tackling the challenges for patients trying to access NHS dental care by delivering 700,000 more urgent dental appointments a year and by recruiting new dentists to areas that need them.
My hon.
Friend’s local integrated care board has been asked to deliver nearly 17,000 of the additional urgent appointments.
I am in no doubt that she will continue to campaign tirelessly on behalf of her constituents.
My constituent, Kevin Buckley, had his NHS dentist shut with no notice.
NHS dentists in Knowsley are not taking on any new patients and he is stuck.
This is not just a local issue, but a national crisis.
What action will the Minister take to address the shortage of NHS dentists?
I am sorry to hear of the difficulties faced by Mr Buckley.
Sadly, that is a challenge we face nationally after 14 years of abject failure from those now on the Opposition Benches.
There are no quick fixes or easy answers, but we are committed to reforming the contract and helping those who need it most.
My hon.
Friend’s local ICB has been asked to deliver more than 46,000 additional urgent care appointments from April onwards, getting care to those constituents who need it most.
The north-west has also been allocated 21 posts in the golden hello scheme to recruit dentists into underserved areas.
More than one in three five-year-olds in Stoke-on-Trent has tooth decay.
That is the worst rate in the west midlands and is 10% above the national average.
Children in deprived areas, like much of my constituency of Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove, are twice as likely to suffer, and that is not acceptable.
Can the Minister please outline what steps the Government will take to reduce regional inequalities in NHS dental access for children?
It is shameful that tooth decay is the biggest reason for hospital admissions of children aged between five and nine, and the inequalities surrounding that are stark.
On  7 March , we confirmed a £11.4 million investment in supervised toothbrushing for three to-five-year-olds.
The scheme is targeted at children in the most  deprived areas—those in index of multiple deprivation groups 1 and 2—and will reach up to 600,000 children.
Our innovative partnership with Colgate-Palmolive will result in the donation of more than 23 million toothbrushes and toothpastes, providing outstanding value for taxpayers’ money.
Aldershot and Farnborough are dental deserts.
My constituent Nick had an infected wisdom tooth and was in agony.
He had been registered with a practice in Farnborough, but it kicked him off its patient list.
He obtained an emergency appointment through 111, but two weeks later the infection was back.
He was left with little choice but to go private, which cost him £700—10 times what the treatment would have cost on the NHS.
Can the Minister explain how Labour’s plan for change will help to prevent such cases from being repeated as we end the 14 years of dentistry failure that we saw under the Conservatives?
My hon.
Friend has demonstrated again that she is a tireless campaigner for the people of Aldershot, and I am sorry to hear of the challenges faced by her constituents.
This Government will deliver 700,000 more urgent dental appointments a year, and will recruit new dentists to the areas that need them most.
My hon.
Friend’s local ICB has been asked to deliver nearly 7,000 of those additional urgent care appointments in the year from April.
In the long term, we will reform the dental contract with the sector, with a shift to focusing on prevention and improving the retention of NHS dentists.