Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate Shirley

Smith Southerland's 90th Birthday on July 26, 2025.
Shirley Smith

Southerland was born in Wallace, North Carolina in 1935, and is a

mother of 4 children, 1 boy and 3 girls.
She was an award-winning

hairdresser before working for Princess House Inc., becoming one of its

top five independent sales managers in the country.
Known as ``Yaya''

by her 21 grandchildren and great grandchildren, she is a devoted and

loving grandmother.
We celebrate her this month as a shining example of

a civic-minded American--through her service dedication, hard work,

respect for others, and active participation in democracy.
She shows us

what it means to be a model citizen.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING DON JOHNSON ON HIS RETIREMENT AS THE CEO OF GOODWILL

INDUSTRIES OF CENTRAL ILLINOIS

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Don Johnson for

his decades of dedicated service in the nonprofit sector and his

impactful tenure as President and CEO of Goodwill Industries of Central

Illinois.
In this role, Johnson led the organization to expand

workforce development efforts and launched new initiatives aimed at

supporting some of the most vulnerable populations in Central Illinois.
Johnson earned his Bachelor of Science from Eastern Illinois

University and a Master of Science from Western Illinois University.
Before joining Goodwill in 2016, he served as Executive Director of the

Hult Center for Healthy Living and as Vice President of Community

Investments at the Heart of Illinois United Way.
In those roles, he

championed data-driven community investments, built expansive volunteer

networks, and led public health and education initiatives, including

211, Success by Six, and Supporting Student Access.
During Johnson's tenure at Goodwill, the organization broadened its

mission beyond traditional job training and donation-based stores.
Under his leadership, Goodwill introduced innovative programs that

supported children and families at risk of violence and created a new

job placement program for neurodivergent young adults.
One of his

biggest projects being the expansion of the General Wayne A. Downing

Home for Veterans, which helped raise nearly $1.5 million for the

strengthening of services for local veterans.
Don Johnson's tireless leadership and commitment to the non-profit

sector has left a lasting impact on Central Illinois.
His work has

advanced economic opportunity, human dignity, and community well-being.
I congratulate Don on his retirement and wish him, his wife Kim, and

their two daughters all the best in this next chapter of life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BETTY DOSTER AND THANKING HER FOR HER SERVICE TO UNC CHARLOTTE

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend, Ms.

Betty Doster, for her dedicated service to The University of North

Carolina at Charlotte, my alma mater, as Special Assistant to the

Chancellor for External Relations and Partnerships.
After nearly fifteen years in this important position, Betty

announced her retirement, with her last day being Monday, June 30,

2025.
Throughout her many years of service, Betty played an

immeasurable role in the growth of UNC Charlotte into an R1 research

institution.
Even though she is a proud UNC Chapel Hill alum, Betty's

passion for UNC Charlotte was enormous.
Her efforts significantly

contributed to the growing influence of our universjty across the state

of North Carolina, around the country and around the world.
It was a

pleasure to work with Betty on many of these initiatives over the

years.
As Special Assistant to the Chancellor for External Relations and

Partnerships, Betty worked closely with federal, state, and local

officials, as well as economic development partners to secure important

public investments for the University.
Betty's efforts helped acquire

major student-focused initiatives, including authorization for the

University Recreation Center, expansion of the Collegiate Recovery

Program, and support for UNC Charlotte's esports initiative.