Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY on

Roll Call No.
183, and NAY on Roll Call No.
184.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BARBARA COLLURA, PRESIDENT AND CEO OF RESOLVE: THE NATIONAL

INFERTILITY ASSOCIATION

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Barbara

Collura, a long-time advocate for family-building equality, who is

stepping down after more than 20 years of leadership with RESOLVE: The

National Infertility Association.
During her tenure, Barbara's leadership was key to furthering

RESOLVE's missions: lifting up the voices of millions of Americans

struggling with infertility and fighting to ensure that everyone,

regardless of background, income, or geography, can access the care

they need to build their families.
Her work included testifying before Congress, meeting with lawmakers

and federal agencies, organizing advocates, and working toward a world

where infertility is recognized as a disease that deserves attention,

compassion, and coverage.
Her tenure has been marked by meaningful policy progress, including

expanded insurance coverage for fertility care at the state level, and

increased protections for IVF.
As someone who relied on access to IVF to have my twins, I know

personally how important it is to raise more awareness about

infertility and expand access to fertility treatments.
I have been

proud to work with RESOLVE under Barbara's leadership to push for

common sense legislation that would offer hope to millions of families

struggling with infertility.
At a time when reproductive freedom is under attack, Barbara has

stood firm in defense of all paths to parenthood--because infertility

is not only part of the reproductive health conversation, but central

to it.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Barbara Collura for her

extraordinary contributions to the infertility community.
Her legacy is

one of hope, progress, and an unwavering commitment to the idea that

everyone deserves the chance to build a family.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF COLEMAN, FLORIDA

HON.
DANIEL WEBSTER

Mr. WEBSTER of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize

and celebrate the 100-year anniversary of the City of Coleman, Florida.
While unofficial records indicate that Coleman was first incorporated

under general laws on June 20, 1908, it was in 1925 that the city

officially received its charter, thus marking the beginning of its

formal governance and development.
Coleman was first settled in 1882 by pioneers who farmed the fertile

lands of the Warm Springs Hammock.
The Florida Gazette of 1886-1887

listed Dr. B.F. Coleman, a physician and one of the area's earliest

settlers, as the town's namesake.
Many early settlers came from nearby Adamsville, which had flourished

through orange cultivation until the devastating freeze of 1894 through

1895.
That natural disaster forced many to seek new livelihoods, and

Coleman soon emerged as a center of diverse agricultural production.
In

addition to citrus, settlers in Coleman raised cotton, cattle, sheep,

and hogs, with wool even shipped to Baltimore for processing.
By 1923,

Coleman had earned national recognition as the ``Cabbage Capital of the

World'', attracting buyers from across the country.
Today, the City of Coleman is in the heart of Sumter County and is

home to approximately 700 residents.
The city retains its Old Florida

charm, with a quiet rural character and deep historical roots.
As we

commemorate this centennial milestone, we honor the generations who

have shaped Coleman's legacy as a city built on resilience,

agriculture, and a deep sense of community.
Happy Centennial to the City of Coleman.