It was a

pleasure to work with Betty on many of these initiatives over the

years.
As Special Assistant to the Chancellor for External Relations and

Partnerships, Betty worked closely with federal, state, and local

officials, as well as economic development partners to secure important

public investments for the University.
Betty's efforts helped acquire

major student-focused initiatives, including authorization for the

University Recreation Center, expansion of the Collegiate Recovery

Program, and support for UNC Charlotte's esports initiative.
It is my honor to take this opportunity to recognize Ms. Betty Doster

for her incredible service to UNC Charlotte, and her significant impact

on the University.
While I'll miss working with Betty and discussing

the 49ers, I wish her all the best in her next adventure and hope she

will be able to enjoy more time with friends and family.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring my friend, Ms. Betty

Doster, for her nearly 15 years of dedicated service to UNC Charlotte

and the lasting impact she made on the university and everyone she met

along the way.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING METRO TRANSIT POLICE OFFICER BEVERLY RODRIGUEZ

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a dedicated

public safety professional who was taken from us much too soon.
Metro

Transit Police Lieutenant Beverly Rodriguez was just 40 years old when

she died on Sunday, June 22, 2025, in a tragic accident.
Her death is a

deep and profound loss for her family, especially her two sons Macallen

and Macody, the Metro Transit Police Department, and our entire east

metro community.
Ms. Rodriguez, posthumously and deservingly promoted to Lieutenant on

June 23, 2025, served as a Metro Transit police officer for more than

eight years.
Lieutenant Rodriguez was a compassionate leader who served

as head of the Homeless Action Team (HAT), building real relationships

with those experiencing homelessness and personally guiding hundreds

toward housing stability and hope.
In addition to her police duties,

Lieutenant Rodriguez served as Northern Vice President of the National

Latino Peace Officers Association, where she was described as ``a

compassionate advocate, a trusted mentor, and a tireless servant.''
I extend my deepest condolences to Lieutenant Rodriguez's family,

friends, and colleagues.
Her heroic works will never be forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PASTOR WARREN STEWART, SR.
HON.
GREG STANTON

Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a remarkable public

servant, leader, and civil rights trailblazer, Pastor Warren Stewart,

Sr.,
on the occasion of his retirement as Senior Pastor at Arizona's

First Institutional Baptist Church.
God called Pastor Stewart to Arizona 48 years ago, and he has been

speaking truth to power in the state ever since.
Each Sunday, Pastor

Stewart's sermons and service work inspired Arizonans to better their

community and uplift their neighbors.
From the helm of Phoenix's oldest

African American Baptist church, Pastor Stewart used his platform to

advance justice and civil rights across our state.
His guiding

principle: Jesus and Justice work together.
His advocacy is well illustrated by the battle to establish Martin

Luther King, Jr. Day as a state holiday.
By 1992, Arizona was the last

state refusing to recognize MLK Day, despite the federal holiday being

signed into law nearly a decade prior.
Pastor Stewart fought to correct

this, leading multiple movements to get the holiday initiative on the

ballot.
He mobilized coalitions across political spectrums, religions,

and cultural backgrounds to come together to win this historic, long

overdue vote.
As the longest-serving leader of the First Institutional Baptist

Church, Pastor Stewart has traveled extensively, preaching in 39 states

and territories and 60 countries, and has received many accolades for

his contributions to our community and beyond.
Following the teachings

of the Gospel, his work always focused on the poorest and neediest:

immigrants, unsheltered people and veterans, and those suffering from

mental health issues.