In 1985, he made history as the first

African American elected to the Greenwood City Council, where he served

with quiet strength and fierce dedication for 36 years.
He became a

trusted leader, someone people turned to for guidance and fairness, no

matter the issue.
In 1993, he was elected to the Mississippi State Senate, representing

District 24.
For over three decades, Senator Jordan has been a powerful

voice for his consituents--a calm presence in moments of tension, a

mentor to

younger legislators, and a relentless advocate for civil rights, public

health, education, and voting access.
And he didn't just talk the talk--he marched, boycotted, organized,

and educated.
He helped people understand how to vote, how to be heard,

and how to stand up for their communities.
He's led with humility,

wisdom, and a deep love for the people of Mississippi.
Now at 92 years old, Senator Jordan is preparing to conclude his

official duties on June 30, but his legacy will not end there.
He lives

in Greenwood, Mississippi, with his wife, Christine Bell-Jordan, his

partner in life and service.
Senator Jordan once said, ``I didn't stop there.
I just kept on

pushing.''
That simple sentence says everything about him.
He kept

pushing--for himself, for his community, and for justice.
He is the

kind of public servant we should all strive to be.
His memoir, From the Mississippi Cotton Fields to the State Senate,

tells the full story of his journey.
It's a powerful reminder of what

is possible when courage and commitment meet opportunity.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful state and Nation, I thank

Senator David L. Jordan, not just for what he accomplished, but for how

he did it.
With integrity.
With purpose.
With heart.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE NASWA RESORT'S ANNIVERSARY AND THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF HOPE

MARKIS

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the NASWA Resort's

anniversary and in memory of their dedicated owner, Hope Markis.
The NASWA Resort is one of the Lakes Region's most iconic

establishments, founded by Greek immigrants and its legacy carried on

by their daughter, Hope Markis, and her family.
Starting as just a few

cabins, the Markis family has transformed the NASWA Resort into the

hospitable and beautiful place it is today.
Over the years, they have

grown their business from an inn to the resort we know, expanding to

include more options for entertainment, food, and adventure.
Hope Markis was truly a leader, through both her work in pioneering

the resort and her active involvement in her community.
Her legacy

truly lives in her hospitality and generosity, whether that was in the

way she welcomed guests to the resort or in her support of veterans and

first responders.
The way that she cared for her community will not be

forgotten, and that care lives on in her children and grandchildren,

who continue to run the NASWA Resort.
Certainly, what she has built as

a businesswoman and as a matriarch will be felt by all of those who

come to the resort and experience her hard work and dedication.
The NASWA Resort is not just an important piece of New Hampshire's

tourist economy, but a multigenerational family business that is a

vital part of the Lakes Region.
New Hampshire owes Hope and her family

a debt of gratitude for all that they have brought to the region and

the work they have done to better the community around them.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I share my condolences with the Markis family, including her

children and her grandchildren.
I would once again like to extend my

condolences to her family and wish them all the very best in this time

of grieving.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE INVASIVE SPECIES RESPONSE ACT

HON.