I agree with my hon.
Friend and I am proud of our university sector.
It is much admired all over the world, but we must ensure that specific courses in all institutions offer the quality that people expect.
When people invest in these degrees they will come out with £40,000 or £50,000 of debt, and it is important first that they know that, and secondly that they know what they are investing in, and what return they will get on that investment.
May I beg the Secretary of State not to throw the baby out with the bath water?
Everybody wants good-quality degrees, and we all want degrees to lead to good, fulfilling occupations, but some of us are worried about the comments that were made in an interview this morning by the Secretary of State’s ministerial colleague that we have four or five of the best universities in the world, as if all the other 120 universities were rubbish.
That is not the case.
We have diverse universities and great courses.
I ask her please not to throw the baby out with the bath water and do great damage to our higher education system.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
We have an excellent university system with excellent universities.
Four out of the top 10 are world-class, but if we broaden that to the top 100, many others would appear in that list.
We have a good university sector, which is why it is most important that we protect the brand image.
It is also very popular abroad, and every year more than 600,000 students choose to come here, which is more than to almost every other country in the world.
Why?
It is because they know they will get quality, and it is very important for the sector that that quality is maintained.
I know the Secretary of State takes a more than purely transactional view of higher education, and I am with the Father of the House in hoping that in her reforms there will be protections for degrees that do not offer an immediate commercial advantage, such as theology, philosophy or the study of poetry.
I also hope that within her reforms there will be protections to allow universities to innovate and introduce new courses.
Our university sector has obviously been at the forefront of  driving forward British intellectualism and thinking, and not allowing universities to experiment with courses that may not immediately fulfil the criteria that she is proposing, or indeed forbidding or deterring them from doing so, would set us back in world terms.
Will she reassure us that innovation will still be encouraged?