Ministers have known since last year that strike action by teachers was likely, yet after months of refusing to talk, it was only last week that the Secretary of State finally settled the dispute.
Will she take this opportunity to apologise to parents for the completely needless and avoidable disruption to their children’s education for which she is responsible?
Since I came into this job at the end of October, the unions asked for an extra £2 billion and I delivered it; families asked for childcare and I delivered it; the School Teachers Review Body asked for 6.5% for teachers and I delivered it; and that had to be funded, and I have delivered it.
I have worked to deliver every day in this job, whereas the hon.
Lady cannot even decide whether she will accept 6.5% or not.
Last week, the Institute for Fiscal Studies said that ending private schools’ tax breaks will raise up to £1.5 billion in additional revenue, confirming that Labour’s plans are fiscally credible.
We would use that money to invest in 6,500 new expert teachers and better mental health support for all our young people.
Will the Secretary of State distance herself from the discredited claim of the private schools’ lobby, do the right thing and adopt Labour’s plan to drive up standards in our schools?
Labour has never driven up a standard in our schools.
Most of our private schools are nothing like Eton or Harrow; they are far smaller and they charge a lot less.
Many cost the same as a family holiday abroad, and there are plenty of parents who choose to forgo life’s luxuries to give their children those opportunities.
The IFS also said: “The effect might be larger over the medium to long run… There is still lots of uncertainty around these estimates.”
Labour’s tax hikes are nothing more than the politics of envy.
As Margaret Thatcher once said: “The spirit of envy can destroy; it can never build.”
Will the Minister update my constituents on the progress being made towards opening a new free school in Warrington, to provide better and more appropriate education for young people with autism and other special educational needs?
We recently changed the location of the Warrington free school from the Bruche Primary School to a better suited site at Padgate, with the  agreement of the local authority and the trust.
We are now working with all parties to begin design preparation work and the school is on track to open in September 2025.