We are very much taking a supportive approach.
We know that there are complex reasons why some children are missing school—some have lost their confidence and are anxious about school and how far they are behind—so we are taking a focused approach.
We have leads in local authorities working closely with schools, and we are measuring the impact of all the things we are doing, which includes attendance hubs, as well as looking to support parents to get their children back into school, where we know their outcomes will be so much better.
What progress her Department has made on improving standards of attainment in mathematics in primary schools.
Ofsted’s report on school maths, published last week, stated: “In the last few years, a resounding, positive shift in mathematics education has taken place in primary schools.”
In the 2019 TIMSS international survey of maths attainment for year 5 pupils, England achieved its highest ever score and rose from 10th out of 49 countries in 2015 to eighth out of 58 countries.
It is clearly good news that 73% of young people are achieving or exceeding the expected grades at the standard assessment tests.
Measures have been taken to catch up after covid, which is really good news, but it is important that we lay the foundations in primary schools so that young people love mathematics and can continue to work on it until they are 18.
What measures is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In addition to expanding the successful maths hubs programme to deliver teaching for mastery to 75% of primary schools by 2025, we are increasing delivery of the mastering number programme for reception to year 2, which helps students achieve fluency with number bonds, to 8,000 schools by 2024.
We will also extend the programme into years 4 and 5 to bolster fluency in times tables.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the availability of high-quality childcare.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the number of childcare places.
At the spring statement, we announced the single largest investment in childcare in England ever.
By 2027, the Government will be spending in excess of £8 billion, doubling the amount that we do now and helping working families with their childcare costs.
Good-quality childcare is essential to a child’s early development, to parents and to the economy.
The owners of the Best Friends Day Nursery and the Spinney Day Nursery in Chester have told me of the real struggle faced by so many nurseries across the country, despite the Government’s latest funding announcement.
Many have been forced to close, including five nurseries in the Hoole area alone in five years.
What more will the Government do to alleviate the situation set out by my constituents?
As I have mentioned, we are putting the single largest ever investment into childcare over the next few years, to provide funding to settings such as the one she mentioned.
We are also looking at things such as workforce, which we know can be a challenge, making sure that we remove barriers to additional routes to entry.
South West Hertfordshire is home to lots of young couples, particularly those who have moved out of London to start their families.
Could the Minister tell the House how her Department is supporting new parents as they return to work?
That is a huge priority for this Government.
The funding that we are setting out will provide parents with support worth, on average, £6,500 a year from maternity leave right up to primary school.
We are doing additional work to support things such as wraparound care.