Today’s statement tells us several stories about this Government.
It tells a story about their priorities: why universities, and why now?
It tells a story about their analysis: what they think is wrong and what they think is not.
It tells a story about their competence: why these changes, when their own regulator has used a different approach for so long?
It tells a story about their prejudice, about why they continue to reinforce a binary choice for young people: either academic or vocational, university or apprenticeship.
Above all, it tells a story about values—about the choice to put caps on the aspirations and ambitions of our young people; about Ministers for whom opportunity is for their children, but not for other people’s children; about a Government whose only big idea for our world-leading universities is to put up fresh barriers to opportunity, anxious to keep young people in their place.
It tells you everything you need to know about the Tories that this is their priority for our young people.
This is the Tories’ priority when we are in the middle of an urgent crisis in this country; when families are struggling to make ends meet; when patients are facing the biggest waiting lists in NHS history; when children are going to school in buildings that Ministers themselves acknowledge are “very likely” to collapse; and when a spiral of low productivity, low growth, and low wages under the Tories is holding Britain back.
It is because the Prime Minister is weak and he is in hock to his Back Benchers that we are not seeing action on those important priorities.
Instead, after more than 13 years in power, the Government have shown what they really think of our universities, which are famous across the world, are core to so many of our regional economies and were essential to our pandemic response: that they are not a public good, but a political battleground.
The Government’s concept of a successful university course, based on earnings, is not just narrow but limiting.
I ask the Secretary of State briefly to consider the case of  the right hon.
Member for Richmond (Yorks)  (Rishi Sunak).
The Prime Minister has a degree in politics from one of our leading universities, yet his Government lost control of almost 50 councils this year, he was the second choice of his own party, and now he is on track to fail to deliver on the pledges he set himself publicly.
Does the Secretary of State believe that the Prime Minister’s degree was in any sense a high-value course?
Let us be clear what today’s announcement is really about.
Many of our most successful newer universities—the fruits of the determination of successive Governments, Labour and Conservative, to spread opportunity in this country—often draw more students from their local  communities.
Many of those areas are far from London, far from existing concentrations of graduate jobs.
Many of those students come from backgrounds where few in their family, if any, will have had the chance to go to university.
Many of those young people benefit from extra support when they arrive at university to ensure they succeed.
We on the Labour Benches welcome the success of those universities in widening participation and welcoming more young people into higher education, yet today, the Secretary of State is telling those young people—including those excited to be finishing their studies this year—that this Government believe their hard work counts for nothing.
Can the Secretary of State be absolutely clear with the House, and tell us which of those universities’ courses she considers to be of low value?