The price of school meals has increased by more than a third in some parts of the UK, yet the Government, and indeed the Labour Front Benchers, will not commit to universal free school meals for primary school-age children.
The Scottish Government are rolling out free school meals across all primary schools.
The question is when this Government will take the lead from the Scottish Government and act decisively to help struggling families.
Record numbers of pupils in England are now eligible for a free school meal.
Under universal infant free school meals, all infant pupils get a free meal.
A third of children in our schools are receiving a free school meal.
We believe very strongly, however, that we should focus the funding on the children in the greatest need.
We keep the issue under review, but our focus is always on the most disadvantaged.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Worcester (Mr Walker) , the Chair of the Education Committee, mentioned my Children Not in School (Register) Bill, which passed its First Reading with support from colleagues across all parties and both Houses.
The Schools Minister himself said before the Select Committee last month: “It is important that we know where children are and can make sure that they are safe.”
Therefore, is it not critical that the Government work with me to expedite the Bill, as an existing and ongoing legislation vehicle that the Government can use without any further delay?
As I have pointed out, we do intend to legislate for the children not in school measures and put attendance on a statutory footing when the legislative timetable allows, looking at the sitting Fridays that are left within this period.
The Department is currently running a call for evidence on improving the support for children missing from education, and that evidence will be used to inform future policy.
Does the Secretary of State think that something might be going seriously wrong when children in our junior schools are being indoctrinated by gender ideology at the same time as senior Members of this House appear unable to define what a woman is?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I am more than capable of defining what a woman is.
It is true that some schools are asking for guidance in this area, so we intend to bring forward guidance.
I am working with my right hon.
Friend the Equalities Minister to bring that forward in the near term.
Last week, 14 officers from West Midlands police were recognised at the Police Bravery Awards for forming a human chain and breaking through the ice as Fin, Tom, Jack and Sam fell through in sub-zero temperatures at Babbs Mill lake in Kingshurst.
I thank the Minister for his time on this previously.
What progress has been made in revising the relationships, health and sex education curriculum guidelines specifically on understanding the implications of cold water shock on the body?
What happened to my hon.
Friend’s constituents is tragic.
Swimming and water safety are in the national curriculum, and the Government are updating the school sport and activity action plan, which will set out actions to help all pupils take part in sport and keep fit, including swimming and water safety.
The plan will be published this year to align with the timing of the Government’s new school sport strategy.