Actually, we are being fair both to students and to all those taxpayers who do not go to university.
I might point out that low-income students living away from home will qualify for more living cost support over the coming year than low-income students in Scotland.
The new Labour dream of 50% of young people going to university has left many saddled with debt, a third of graduates unable to find graduate jobs and more than half of graduates never earning enough to repay their student loans, so I warmly welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement today of a reduction in the number of low-value degrees, which benefit neither students nor taxpayers.
Will the Department look to go further by identifying whole universities that could be transformed into higher technical and vocational institutions, which  would give far more young people the opportunities and training they really need for the productive jobs of the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, in the sense that the Labour party was all about quantity over quality, and we are about quality, high standards and a good education.
We are already doing a lot of what she wants, because we are introducing institutes of technology, which are collaborations between higher education and further education that provide flagship skills and teach higher technical qualifications, with 21 across the country.
They are doing exactly what she wants us to do.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This week, I have accepted the independent review body’s recommendation in full, so our fantastic teachers will receive their highest pay award for 30 years—it will be at least 6.5%.
From September, we will have delivered on our manifesto commitment by raising teachers’ starting salaries to £30,000.
To support our school leaders, we are providing an extra £525 million this year and a further £900 million in 2024-25.
This is not just about schools, because we will also be investing £185 million and £285 million in our further education colleges over the same period.
All four unions have recommended the pay award, and it is fully funded.
I hope that teachers will join them, so that we can bring an end to strike action and get our teachers doing what they do best: teaching the next generation.
UK students who have been offered opportunities to study abroad are waiting for funding decisions under the Turing scheme.
Clearly, for students from less well-off families this is tough, as visas and accommodation have to be paid in advance.
Will the Secretary of State, out of the kindness of her heart and to a man from the highlands, give a commitment to bring forward these decisions next year, to make the Turing scheme more accessible to all students, regardless of their background?