The Secretary of State is keen to trumpet her party’s record on apprenticeships, but let me set out what this Government’s record really is.
Since 2015-16, apprenticeship starts among under-19s have dropped by 41%, and apprentice achievements in that age group are down by 57%.
Since the Secretary of State entered this place, the number of young people achieving an apprenticeship at any level has more than halved, failing a generation of young people desperate to take on an apprenticeship.
Lastly and most importantly, the values that this Government have set out today are clear: the Conservatives are saying to England’s young people that opportunity is not for them and that choice is not for them.
The bizarre irony of a Conservative Government seeking to restrict freedom and restrict choices seems entirely lost on them.
Labour will shatter the class ceiling.
We will ensure that young people believe that opportunity is for them.
Labour is the party of opportunity, aspiration and freedom.
Let us be clear, too, that young people want to go to university not merely to get on financially, but for the chance to join the pursuit of learning, to explore ideas and undertake research that benefits us all.
That chance and that opportunity matter too.
Our children deserve better.
They deserve a Government whose most important mission will be to break down the barriers to opportunity and to build a country where background is no barrier.
They deserve a Labour Government.
As usual, the hon.
Lady has more words than actions.
None of those actions was put in place either in Wales, where Labour is running the education system, or in the UK when it was running it in England.
We have always made the deliberate choice of quality over quantity, and this is a story of a consistent drive for quality, whether that is through my right hon.
Friend the Schools Minister having driven up school standards, so that we are the best in the west for reading and fourth best in the world, or through childcare, revolutionising the apprenticeship system—none of that existed before we put it in place—and technical education and higher education.
I was an other people’s child: I was that kid who left school at 16, who went to a failing comprehensive school in Knowsley.
I relied on the business, and the college and the university that I went to.
I did not know their brand images
and I knew absolutely nobody who had ever been there.
I put my trust in that company, and luckily it did me very well.
Not all universities and not all courses have the trusted brand image of Oxford and Cambridge, which I think is where the hon.
Lady went,  along with my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister.
I have worked with many leaders all over the world in my many years in business, and the Prime Minister is a world-class leader.
On apprenticeships, it is a case of quality always over quantity.
What we found, and this is why I introduced the quality standards, is that, yes, the numbers were higher, but many of the people did not realise they were on an apprenticeship, many of the apprenticeships lasted less than 12 months and for many of them there was zero off-the-job training.
They were apprenticeships in name only, which is what the Labour party will be when it comes to standards for education.