Today, headteachers in England have spoken of an unprecedented struggle to recruit teachers, because teachers in England feel undervalued and underpaid.
To combat this, when will the UK Government match the offer made by the Scottish Government, which will see most Scottish teachers’ pay rise by 14.6% by January 2024, delivering a starting salary of £39,000, which is much more than the £30,000 that the Secretary of State has boasted about today for teachers in England?
In England, standards are rising.
We have a record number of teachers in our profession: 468,000 teachers, which is some 27,000 more than in 2010.
We value education in this country, standards are rising and they will continue to rise, provided we have a Conservative Government.
I was pleased to welcome Department for Education officials to Tipton St John Primary School in my constituency of East Devon recently.
Thanks to the Department, the school has the funding it needs and now has priority status in the school rebuilding programme.
That is thanks to the Conservative Government.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss the project’s great progress so far?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
Progress is being made in identifying and securing a site on which to relocate the school.
Officials continue to work with Devon County Council and the diocese of Exeter.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his support in progressing the discussions.
The next step is for site appraisals to take place on potential new locations, and officials will continue to keep my hon.
Friend informed.
A record 40,000 teachers in England resigned last year; teacher vacancies have doubled in the last two years; and agencies and underfunded training programmes are struggling to send qualified teachers to schools.
Amy Lassman, the headteacher of Nelson Mandela Primary School, an outstanding primary school in my constituency, tells me that that is affecting students the most, with many failing their classes.
Will Ministers tell us what they intend to do to narrow the attainment gap and raise standards, when we have fewer and fewer teachers?
We continue to raise standards in our schools, as the hon.
Gentleman will know.
He should not talk down the profession.
This is an exciting time to join teaching.
It is an honour to be able to work with children and to shape the next generation.
This year, 47,000 people came into teaching, a number that is broadly similar year on year, because this is a good profession to join and there is a Government that will support the teaching profession.