The Secretary of State told the media at the weekend that she had found the money for the pay settlement from an underspend in the Department.
Can she tell the House exactly where she found the money and what policies have not been delivered?
I am delighted to.
We have a constructive relationship with the Treasury, whether on childcare, school funding or extra budgeting, and in this particular case what we have done, as I have done many times in my 30-year business career, is to go through every line of the budget.
We spend £100 billion on education, so there are a lot of things in that budget, and we have  gone through it and checked every single assumption.
Some are demand led and some depend on the roll-out of certain projects.
We have protected the frontline and reprioritised; what has changed is that the Treasury has allowed us to keep that money to reprioritise—[Interruption.]
It is an answer.
The right hon.
Lady may not understand, because she does not— Order.
I am not sure the Secretary of State is understanding me, either.
When I say these are topicals, I mean that—[Interruption.]
Order.
No, I am sorry; if you do not want Members on your side of the House to get in, please say so, because that is what is going to happen, and it is totally unfair to the people who are waiting.
Let us play by the rules—that is what we expect from all of us.
I recently visited the impressive National STEM Learning Centre in York and was fortunate enough to be able to observe some of its work.
I would be delighted if my right hon.
Friend could visit, but in the interim, can she detail what professional support is available for teachers in their continuing professional development?
We have engaged in an extensive reform of teacher training, introducing what we call the golden thread: a higher level of requirements in initial teacher training and a two-year early career framework for teachers just starting off in their career.
Those standards will mean that in science, technology, engineering and mathematics, and in all subjects, teachers are better prepared to enter the profession.
The chairs of the governing bodies of 19 primary and secondary schools across the London Boroughs of Richmond and Kingston upon Thames have today written to the Education Secretary, requesting an urgent meeting to discuss the crippling funding and recruitment challenges they face.
Will she agree to meet them?
Of course the Secretary of State will agree, as she has just said to me.
We are spending record amounts of funding on schools.
The Secretary of State achieved an extra £2 billion in the autumn statement last year and we are now spending £59.6 billion on school funding.[Official Report,  20 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 16MC.]
We have recruited 2,800 more teachers this year than last year and we have a record number of teachers in the profession, at 468,000, but of course I am happy to talk to the hon.
Lady and the teachers in her constituency to discuss their particular concerns.
rose— Order.
I am sorry, we have taken too much time on questions.
You will have to do without.