Across the early years sector, nurseries and childminders are raising concerns that the Government have no coherent plan for the expansion of the early years workforce to meet the requirements of an expanded offer.
The only ideas on the table so far are the relaxation of ratios and a reduction in the proportion of level 2 qualified staff—plans that the Sutton Trust has found could lead to worse outcomes for children.
Why are this Government so uninterested in the quality of childcare and the outcomes that high-quality early years education delivers for children?
The Government care about education standards.
That is seen across every single result across the board, whether reading or maths results.
It is this Government who care about education standards.
Over 90% of our early years providers are rated good or outstanding.
We will do everything we can to keep them that way.
What recent steps her Department has taken to tackle bullying in schools.
All children should have access to a calm, safe and supportive school environment.
In addition to school behaviours policies that must include measures to prevent bullying, we have provided more than £3 million in funding between August 2021 and March 2024 to five anti-bullying organisations supporting schools in tackling bullying.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend for all her work tackling bullying.
So many constituents write to me about the problems their children are experiencing.
How are the behaviour hubs making a difference in schools and tackling the bullying that is so prevalent, particularly as a result of online harms and social media, which are all too frequent?
We are confident that the behaviour hubs programme is helping schools to create calm, understanding and positive environments by spreading best practice.
The behaviour hubs programme is being evaluated and impact assessed.
We will publish an interim report in 2024.
I would be delighted to discuss those findings with my right hon.
Friend.
Last week I introduced by ten-minute rule Bill on bullying and respect at work.
It is not just children who experience bullying in the school environment but teachers and other staff.
Will the Minister look at my Bill, which will establish a legal definition of bullying at work and a route to employment tribunal to protect the people who are looking after our children in our schools?
I have not seen the hon.
Lady’s Bill, but I would be happy to take a look and have a discussion with her.
What steps she is taking to support the recruitment and retention of teachers in the further education sector.
What recent estimate she has made of the number of teachers leaving the teaching profession.
Our teachers do an incredible job and inspire children every day.
Last week, we accepted the independent pay review body’s recommendations in full, giving schoolteachers their largest pay award for 30 years of at least 6.5%.
I also announced funding for the further education sector to address key priorities, including teacher recruitment and retention.
To help us get more of the top talent into teaching, we are delivering on our 2019 manifesto commitment to raise the starting salary for teachers to a minimum of £30,000.
That is a competitive salary that will help us to continue to build on the record numbers of teachers in our schools in England.
The further education sector is facing a teaching crisis, not fully addressed by the pay review body.
In my constituency, East Durham College has had two teacher vacancies in engineering and a computer science position unfilled for 18 months.
Barriers to recruitment include high workload, qualification reform, excessive assessment and a huge pay disparity compared with comparable work in industry.
Could the Secretary of State tell us what steps she is taking to ensure that further education teaching is an attractive and viable career?
I very much care about further education and ensuring that it has the funding.
That is why, as of last week, we are investing an additional £185 million in the financial year 2023-24 and £285 million in 2024-25 to drive forward skills delivery in further education.
The Government do not set pay for the FE sector.
However, I have been clear that I expect that funding, which is new funding, to go to the frontline.
I hope the investment will support the FE sector to address its recruitment and retention challenges.
In addition, we introduced bursaries of £29,000 for STEM—science, technology, engineering and maths—subjects, and the Taking Teaching Further programme is working with industry and paying £6,000 to attract those from industry who want to spend their second career in FE teaching.
We have seen a significant increase in the number of teachers leaving the profession in Durham.
They are burnt out and their unmanageable workloads are made harder by support staff redundancies in schools where there is an absence of furniture and equipment, with children even carrying chairs between lessons so that there is somewhere to sit.
One teacher said to me, “It is like being a baker with no flour, a delivery driver without a van, an IT specialist without a computer.”
When will the Department provide the absolute basics for our schools in Durham?
We are going even further than the basics, because we will be funding education higher than we have ever funded it in our history.
It will be £60 billion next year.
But I do take workload seriously.
As part of our discussions with the unions, we have agreed to set up a workload taskforce, which has a target to remove five hours from the school working week in addition to the five hours we have already reduced.
Last year, more teachers entered the profession than left it: 47,954 entered the profession and 43,997 left it.
If we look at the averages, the leavers rate has been stable since 2010, but we are investing more in our education system than ever before.
One particularly challenging area of work for teachers is special needs education.
There are many who want to work in that field, but in Essex our special needs schools are unfortunately already full to bursting.
That is why, today, I am launching a campaign for a new special needs school in south Essex.
I met the Minister for Schools, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton (Nick Gibb)  in advance and he was very helpful.
Will the Secretary of State and the Schools Minister work with me and Essex County Council to try to get us the additional special needs places in Essex that parents and special needs children so desperately need?
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
This is something we have already announced: we will invest £2.6 billion in building more special schools.
We are getting another one in Sussex and many hon.
Members are getting more special educational needs schools in their areas.
We would be very happy to work with him and Essex County Council to ensure the right provision in Essex for all children who have additional needs.
I pay tribute to all the staff and teachers at my local FE college, Basingstoke College of Technology for all the work they do to ensure that young people in my constituency are ready for work.
The reform of BTECs is causing some uncertainty when it comes to staffing for the future in the college.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me and headteacher Anthony Bravo for a meeting to discuss those concerns, so that we can continue to ensure that the young people of Basingstoke are work-ready in large numbers?
Yes, I am always happy to meet my right hon.
Friend and her college.
I have had many meetings on this subject.
We are focused on ensuring that high quality T-levels are introduced across the country in all colleges, so that young people can access them.
We are also looking, side by side, to see what BTEC qualifications will sit alongside A-levels as part of our level 3 offer.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase the number of foster care placements.
We know that we need more foster carers.
That is a really important part of our plan, “Stable Homes, Built on Love”, to reform the care system.
We are investing £27 million in recruitment and retention over the next two years.
We have also increased the national minimum allowance for foster parents by 12.4% as part of those plans.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that foster carers can play a vital role in improving the health and wellbeing of a looked-after child, and that we need to encourage more people to go into foster caring by removing unnecessary bureaucratic barriers so that we can build a network of foster carers across the country to improve the life chances of children in care?
This is a big priority for me.
Some children end up in children’s homes when they should have ended up with foster carers, so we need to recruit more.
As I have said, we are making a significant investment in recruitment and retention so that we can keep some of our brilliant, experienced foster carers as well as attracting more into the system.
What steps her Department is taking to improve standards of reading of primary age children.
The Progress in International Reading Literacy Study was published in May this year.
England had come fourth among 43 countries that tested children of the same age, nine and 10-year-olds.
In 2012 we introduced the phonics screening check, testing six-year-olds for their progress in reading and phonics.[Official Report,  20 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 15MC.]
In that year, 58% of pupils reached the expected standard; by 2019, just before the pandemic, the proportion had risen to 82% following a transformation in the teaching of phonics in nearly all primary schools.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the National Literacy Trust and Bloomsbury Publishing for including a number of schools in Hastings and St Leonards in their pioneering new reading programme, which is specifically aimed at persuading more children to read for pleasure, and will he encourage parents and carers to engage in a programme that is a vital part of their children’s development?
I recently met Jonathan Douglas of the National Literacy Trust, and I thank the trust for its enormous contribution to raising the profile of reading for pleasure in schools.
Its new programme—which, as my hon.
Friend said, it launched in partnership with Bloomsbury—involves working with seven Brighton Academies Trust schools throughout Hastings to encourage more children to read for pleasure.