New research from the House of Commons Library has shown that the amount of the apprenticeship levy paid by employers that has been allocated to the apprenticeship budget has fallen from 89% in 2017 to just 77% in the most recent year.
The truthful answer to the question from  the hon.
Member for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie)  is that the Secretary of State is doing nothing to reform the apprenticeship levy, as she believes it is working perfectly.
Can the Minister confirm that any employer that, like the hon.
Member for Stroud, wants greater flexibility in the levy should vote Labour in the next general election?
There is nothing that would make me give such drastic advice.
The truth about the apprenticeship levy is that 99.6% of it will be spent this year.
We can look in the rear view mirror, and there are some reports  going back over time that show some underspend in the levy, but they are back over time.
We are now spending 99.6% of the levy.
Perhaps what the hon.
Gentleman has not appreciated is that some of the funding goes to the devolved Governments.[Official Report,  20 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 15MC.]
If we examine the apprenticeship system in Wales and Scotland, it is not a patch on what we have introduced in England.
What steps she is taking to support severely absent pupils with their attendance.
What steps she is taking to tackle persistent absence in secondary schools.
School attendance is important for not just a child’s education but their wellbeing and life chances, and it is a personal priority.
We have: rolled out the daily attendance data tool; launched the attendance action alliance group of system leaders, which includes representatives from health, policing and social care; expanded the attendance hub support; and, deployed expert advice to work with local authorities.
Termly persistent absence fell by a fifth from summer last year to spring this year, with 350,000 fewer persistently absent pupils, but we know we still have more to do, and it is a top priority for me.
Does the Secretary of State agree that shutting schools during covid lockdowns was a disaster for children and their mental health and has led to an explosion in severely absent rates?
Will she make sure that cannot happen again by classifying all education settings, including schools, colleges and universities, as essential infrastructure, to ensure they remain open during national emergencies?
Schools were not shut during lockdown.
Many of our fantastic teachers were still teaching key cohorts, supporting our NHS and the most vulnerable, such as those with special educational needs, but I fully share my right hon.
Friend’s concerns about the impact that the pandemic has had on attainment, attendance and mental health.
She knows we are working hard to recover, making almost £5 billion available for recovery.
I can assure her that we will always seek to minimise the disruption to education in emergency situations.
We all have a lot to learn from the experience during the pandemic, including the impact on children of all the decisions that we took, which were led by medical advice.