High streets are the beating hearts of our communities.
Those in places such as Broadstone in my constituency  are really bouncing back and reinventing themselves.
The public assume that councils are able to flex business rates and that they own most properties, but we all know that that is not the case.
Will the Minister provide a timeline for the reform of business rates, and assure pubs and shops that their existing reliefs will be maintained?
I am afraid the hon.
Lady puts me in quite the pickle.
With less than 48 hours before a fiscal event she would not expect me to pre-empt the Chancellor, but we have heard the hon.
Lady’s calls and those from business.
Alongside any rates changes, we will seek to provide the tools, such as high street rental auctions or community right to buy, to give communities control of their high streets again.
I recently met local businesses in my constituency to discuss  what can be done to attract more people to visit our high streets.
Will the Minister set out what action the Government are taking to help regenerate local high streets, and will he meet me to discuss this issue further?
We all want to see our high streets thriving.
It is the business of government, local councils and local communities to push back on some of the decline that has been seen as inevitable in recent years.
As part of that, we will be giving local communities the tools to reshape their high streets, such as high street rental auctions and the community right to buy.
Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has consistently called for the power to impose rent controls across Greater London.
He cannot do that unless the Government change the law.
Whenever it has been tried around the world it has failed, typically with rental property supply falling and rents perversely rising.
Will the Secretary of State take this opportunity now to rule out the possibility of imposing rent controls in Greater London?
As the shadow Minister will know from our exchanges in the Renters’ Rights Bill Committee, the Government have absolutely no plans to introduce rent controls in any form.
Consett, Blaydon and other towns across the north-east are keen to play their part in growing our local economies, and one of the things that growth comes from is making work pay.
In the first 100 days of a Labour Government, the Secretary of State has delivered the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.
Can she update the House on her work in supporting the new deal for working people?
The new deal for working people is contained in the Employment Rights Bill, which had its Second Reading last week.
We will continue to push forward other measures that do not require legislation, but what we hope to see is a new culture between business, trade unions and local communities to ensure that work really does pay.
Ministers have acknowledged in reply to earlier questions that they recognise the financial pressures being placed on local authorities, especially in connection with children’s services and adult social care.
Whatever may or may not be in the Budget, can the Minister reassure council tax payers that they will not bear an undue burden as a result of any changes?
This Government are acutely aware of the impact of the cost of living crisis on working people, and that is firmly in our sights as we approach the spending review this week, but we will have to repair a fair amount of the system, not just the finances.
The early warning audit has been left shattered following 14 years of mismanagement, and single-year settlements have left councils not knowing from one year to the next how much money they have to spend, so we will have to introduce multi-year settlements.
There is a great deal of work to do, and we cannot repair 14 years of damage in three months, but we are well on the way to it.
Let me first draw attention to my declared interest as a trustee of Fields in Trust.
In the last Parliament, the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee received a large amount of evidence concerning the importance of well-designed open spaces for children and young people, but the national planning policy framework mentions them once and mentions bats twice.
Is it not about time we got our priorities right, and did more to improve the design of— Order.
Just a minute, please!
One of us will have to give way.
The hon.
Gentleman is one of the most senior Members of Parliament.
He should be looking at me when he is asking a question, not at the Minister.
Come on, Clive: I am better-looking.
I will agree with you on the latter point, Mr Speaker.
Will the Minister tell us whether he will change the guidance in future to place more emphasis on the importance to children and young people of properly designed open space?
But not in this instance!
[Laughter.]
The national planning policy guidance will recognise the importance of high-quality open spaces and opportunities for sports, physical activity, health and wellbeing in our communities.
Our proposals to release grey-belt land for development will depend on developers’ meeting one of the “golden rules” and ensuring that all new developments have accessible green space.
My constituency, like most others, is seeing a great  deal of new housing being built, which means more infrastructure, more business and more opportunities  for growth.
Key to that, however, is access to reliable, high-speed broadband.
Given the SNP Government’s previous failures to deliver gigabit broadband to every home as promised, can the Minister tell us what discussions are taking place and what consideration is being given to supporting its efficient delivery in Scotland?
Through Project Gigabit we have a commitment to level up all communities in the United Kingdom, and through the welcome work of my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister we have a commitment to reset relationships with the devolved Administrations.
Hopefully, by putting those two together, we will be able to make significant progress.