I congratulate my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on securing this urgent question, and I thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting it.
It is disappointing, but not surprising, that the Foreign Secretary did not see fit to update the House following his visit to China.
I want to press him on what the visit achieved because, comparing the read-outs, I would be forgiven for thinking that two very separate visits  took place.
The Opposition understand the importance of engagement, but not at any cost.
All interactions with the Chinese Communist party must be clear-eyed and part of a meaningful strategy, as per the high-level China strategy that the Foreign Secretary inherited from our Government.
Yet, as he said, this visit occurred before this Government had concluded their so-called China audit.
Would it not have been better to wait until he knew what interests he is seeking to defend and further?
On the Conservative Benches, it looks as if the Foreign Secretary rushed into engagement without a plan.
Concerningly, in a fundamental breach of the constitutional principle that Parliament is sovereign, he was willing to pressure parliamentarians into cancelling the visit of former President Tsai of Taiwan the week before his trip.
Unlike in an autocratic state, the Government do not tell Members of Parliament who they can or cannot meet.
Indeed, the Conservative Government told the CCP on multiple occasions that, no, it could not shut me and other Members up, despite its requests.
We are told that the Foreign Secretary raised British citizen Jimmy Lai’s sham detention.
Jimmy is 76 and  is being held in solitary confinement, yet the Foreign Secretary still has not met Jimmy’s son, despite his coming to the UK on multiple occasions and asking for a meeting.
Will the Foreign Secretary now meet Sebastien to update him on his father’s prospects?
And will he share with us the outcomes of his visit?
Will Jimmy Lai now be released?
Will the Chinese Communist party now step back from its human rights abuses in Hong Kong, Xinjiang and Tibet?
Will sanctions on MPs now be lifted?
Will the Chinese Communist party now refrain from actions to support Russia’s war  machine and the intimidation of Taiwan?
Will the transnational oppression of Hongkongers and Uyghurs now end?
Which of those objectives did the Foreign Secretary achieve thanks to his visit?
It is easy to say that the visit was a reset in relations
but, as we all know, in every relationship there are givers and takers.
Has the Foreign Secretary not simply proved that he gave and they took?
Really?
That was quite bad.
The leader and the Foreign Minister of the United States have had eight engagements with China, France has had six, Germany has had four, Japan has had three, and Canada has had two.
The right hon.
Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly)  went once.
And the hon.
Lady asks me what I have achieved!
I will go again and again to get outcomes in the UK’s national interest.
The hon.
Lady would expect nothing less.
Given the various global challenges we face, I fully appreciate that strategic dialogue with China is in our national interest.
In the light of the persecution and diabolical treatment of Uyghur Muslims, Christians, Buddhists, Falun Gong followers and pro-democracy Hongkongers, to name but a few, it is, however, important that human rights concerns are raised.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure me that he raised those human rights concerns forthrightly with his Chinese counterparts?
I assure my hon.
Friend that I raised those issues robustly.
There was disagreement across the table on what the Chinese Government maintain that they are doing, particularly in Xinjiang and in relation to minorities—Mr Wang Yi suggested that I was “confused” in my account of the treatment of minorities.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will, however, continue to raise these issues robustly and to hold the Chinese Government to account.