Our plan to build 1.5 million homes during this Parliament must include the building of affordable homes, which implies that we will build more council housing.
What reassurance can the Secretary of State give to my constituents in Wolverhampton West that they will have access to good-quality affordable homes, particularly for first-time buyers, and that if they need social housing, they will not have to wait excessive periods of time to get a council house?
Again, my hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We want to support councils to make a greater contribution to affordable housing supply.
That is why the Chancellor will set out at the Budget our plans to allow councils to keep 100% of the receipts generated by right-to-buy sales and to increase protections for newly built social homes.
We are committed to giving first-time buyers a first chance to buy homes and to introducing a permanent, comprehensive mortgage guarantee scheme.
At Rugby borough council, there are 300 households on the waiting list for social houses.
Officers and councillors are working hard to meet the demand.
They have knocked down older tower blocks and are replacing them with one to four-bed, energy-efficient, good-quality homes.
Last year was the first year for many years that they built or acquired more social homes than were lost through right to buy.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that while that is good work, my council is ultimately able only to tread water?
My constituents who are in need of decent, affordable social homes desperately need a Government who will help councils to reverse this trend.
Will she consider visiting Rugby to see the great work being done in difficult circumstances?
I once got stranded in Rugby on a train, so I have visited that wonderful area before.
I am in complete agreement with my hon.
Friend; councils should not be losing homes through right to buy quicker than they can be replaced.
It is great to hear that councillors in Rugby are working hard to meet demand.
The Chancellor will set out at the Budget the action we are taking to reduce right-to-buy discounts to deliver a more sustainable scheme.
We will also increase protections on newly built social housing to allow councils to keep 100% of the receipts generated by right-to-buy sales.
In Ashfield, we have a big problem with nuisance tenants in social housing, who are creating mayhem and upsetting their neighbours and the neighbourhood with crime, antisocial behaviour, drug dealing and so on.
Does the Secretary of State agree that these nuisance tenants should be given one chance, and if they cannot behave themselves, they should be evicted and refused access to social housing in the future?
I agree with the hon.
Member about nuisance neighbours; we do need to do something about that.
That is why there are provisions, so that councils can take action on people who are nuisance neighbours.
They should not be terrorising other people who are trying to live nice lives.
I pay tribute to Westbourne community land trust, which, after six long hard years, has finally started delivering affordable homes for its community.
That is exciting for the trust, and I was delighted to put a spade in the ground when it started building.
Does the Secretary of State agree that communities are best placed to understand the need for housing in their area?
Will she make it easier for community land trusts to acquire land and build homes quickly?
The hon.
Member makes an important point, and I welcome her to her place.
We want to see communities being able to build houses, and we want to ensure that those houses are safe and secure and that we work with community housing trusts and others to deliver the 1.5 million homes.
I am sure that the Housing Minister will be happy to meet her to discuss the matter.
There are private developers in my constituency in Bridgwater that have obligations to build social homes and are ready to do so.
The difficulty they face is that there is no social landlord available to take those units.
What steps will the Deputy Prime Minister take to ensure that those units can be built to house local people?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I am aware of those concerns, and the Government will continue to work with house builders, local authorities and affordable housing providers to tackle the problem.
We need to make sure that section 106 notices are adhered to and that when we have affordable and social housing on those sites, they are tenanted and people are in there.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of section 8 of the national planning policy framework on the number of fast food outlets.
The Government are committed to improving public health and reducing health inequalities.
As  part of the consultation on proposed reforms to the national planning policy framework, we sought views on how national planning policy could better support local authorities in promoting healthy communities and specifically in tackling childhood obesity.
The framework already expects policies at a local level to aim to achieve healthy places, and we are considering how to ensure that a more consistent approach is taken, for example in relation to controlling hot food takeaways near schools.