The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing in towns in the Makerfield constituency.
This Government are committed to delivering 1.5 million quality homes over this Parliament.
Under the Tories, house building plummeted as they bowed to pressure from their Back Benchers to scrap local housing targets.
We are taking bold action to reform our planning system, deliver a new generation of new towns and unblock stalled housing sites.
I recently met members of Dover district council, who told me that they are keen to help the Government where they can to deliver our ambitious housing targets.
Around the edge of Dover High Street we often see consistently empty units.
What can the Government do to help us turn those into the housing that our community so badly needs, and will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can help?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Compulsory purchase orders can be used by local authorities to acquire empty properties where the authority can demonstrate that the acquisition would be in the public interest.
I am also aware that there is a problem with homes built under section 106 agreements being left empty.
The Government will continue to work with house builders, local authorities and affordable housing providers to tackle the problems.
I am sure that the Housing Minister will be happy to meet him.
Will the Secretary of State consider allowing councils the ability to buy land for houses based on current use rather than hope value, and commit to reforming the Land Compensation Act 1961?
The hon.
Member will know that we are looking at a number of measures to help council houses to be built.
Further measures will be announced in the Budget, as I have mentioned in a written ministerial statement today.
We want councils and social housing providers to be able to build those homes, and we will help them as much as we can.
We know that the barriers to building more houses in towns such as those I represent in Makerfield are often political, not technical.
For years, Conservative Members allowed themselves to become mouthpieces for the blockers and the naysayers, which is why, as co-chair of the Labour Growth Group, I welcome the commitment by the Secretary of State to back builders.
What steps is her Department taking to increase the supply of housing in towns such as those  I represent in Makerfield?