What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that every property has access to either gigabit broadband or a 4G or 5G mobile signal.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that every property has access to either gigabit broadband or a 4G or 5G mobile signal.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that every property has access to either gigabit broadband or a 4G or 5G mobile signal.
It is essential to keep pace with growing demand for internet bandwidth and mobile data from local businesses, residents and those who visit our communities.
That is why the Government’s ambition is to reach national gigabit and national 5G coverage as soon as possible, by committing to support investment in high-quality, reliable digital connectivity, so that communities can benefit from faster economic growth and greater social inclusion.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is leading that work and will provide an update in due course.
In the parishes of Ruishton, West Hatch, Staple Fitzpaine and Castle Neroche, the term “Connecting Devon and Somerset” is clearly understood as exactly what is not happening in the two counties, rather than a description of the so-called delivery agency.
Cabinets and trunk cables are in place, but there is still no sign of houses being connected.
Will the Minister or the Minister for Data Protection and Telecoms,  the hon.
Member for Rhondda and Ogmore (Chris Bryant) , meet MPs for the affected areas to understand how those houses can finally be connected?
I am grateful for the question, although I was sorry to hear it.
Those are contracts from the previous superfast broadband programme, which has been superseded by Project Gigabit.
That means that Connecting Devon and Somerset is responsible for the management and oversight of the contracts, which are jointly funded by central Government and local authorities.
The communities in discussion deserve a high-quality service, so I or the Minister for Telecoms will meet the hon.
Member.
The village of Gittisham in Devon is also subject to Connecting Devon and Somerset.
Four different companies have attempted to enable broadband access, but the fibre often stops 100 metres short of the houses.
Gittisham is also a 4G notspot, so residents are cut off and unable to contribute to the economic growth that the Government say they want to see.
According to the Labour manifesto, the Government’s target for achieving broadband coverage is 2030, but can the Minister offer a percentage of broadband coverage that will be achieved in rural areas in this Parliament?
The hon.
Gentleman rightly refers to our manifesto commitment, and he has heard a commitment today that we want to see full gigabit and full national 5G roll-out as soon as possible.
We are getting on with it, but I am sorry to hear that there are issues.
As I am keen to meet  the hon.
Member for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos) , I may well meet him too, if he is similarly keen.
Third time lucky: it is Somerset here.
I know that the Government want services—finding a home, looking for help, paying taxes, working, and even learning during covid—to be accessed online, but in my part of mid and north Somerset, people can only dream of gigabit broadband; they would be really happy if they had superfast.
Can the Minister investigate how to inspire a national broadband roll-out programme that is realistic?
Is it time for a new national plan, as access to superfast broadband has so many holes and still costs billions?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s question, and I think of the challenges in my own constituency, where my constituents ask me questions in a similar vein.
To be very clear, the Government know that the market will be able to provide considerable coverage across the country, but that there will always be communities—including her own, I suspect—where that has traditionally been a challenge, and we are committed to making sure that that gap is filled.
We have the same aspiration and, as I say, we intend to meet it as soon as we possibly can.
rose— Order.
Mr Jermy, you started to bob
and then you stopped, so I was not sure you had a question, but please let us hear it.
Many rural villages in my constituency have spent hours producing excellent neighbourhood plans, with some areas hoping to go to public referendum and adoption soon.
Given that such plans help communities  to shape growth, will the Minister confirm what prominence the Government will afford neighbourhood plans as part of planning reforms?
Our commitment as a Government is to bring communities into that conversation and to make sure local leadership has that say in the service of a wider national goal.
If she will take steps to regulate property management service providers.
The Government are committed to ensuring that those living in the rented and leasehold sectors are protected from abuse and poor service at the hands of unscrupulous property agents.
The Government will set out our position on the regulation of letting, managing and estate agents in due course.