If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As I have already told the House, this week’s Budget will set out our next steps to put us on the path to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
The Chancellor will set out further details on a number of measures, including a cash injection for the affordable homes programme, confirming funding for new social housing projects and a consultation on a long-term social housing rent settlement.
We will provide certainty and stability, and reform right to buy to deliver a fair, sustainable scheme.
Hazel Grove’s 16 and 17-year-olds are all bright and articulate and never backwards in coming forwards to tell me what we need to do in this place, but they are denied their voice at the ballet box, unlike their Scottish and Welsh peers.
When will the Government correct this imbalance, deliver on their manifesto promise and roll out votes at 16 across the United Kingdom?
Far be it from me to take on the Hazel Grove 16 and 17 year-olds—the hon.
Member knows that I know Hazel Grove very well.
This Government are committed to our manifesto commitment to give votes at 16, and we will make sure that we do that before the next general election.
In 2022, Lubov Chernukhin opened an amusement centre in Hastings town centre known as Owens.
The project received more than £400,000 of taxpayer money as part of the Conservatives’ levelling up towns fund plans.
Ms Chernukhin has also donated more than £200,000 to the Conservative party.[Official Report,  29 October 2024 ; Vol. 755, c. 10WC.] (Correction) Shortly after opening, Owens closed, and earlier this month it was covered in boarding, which now dominates Hastings town centre.
Can the Minister advise me how my constituents can get their money back, and how we can ensure that money is never wasted again like that?
I was very disappointed to hear about the closure of Owens and about any money wasted under the previous Government.
My officials are working with my hon.
Friend’s council to maximise the remaining funding available from its town deal.
On the general point, we are calling time on the waste from the previous Government, and moving towards multi-year funding settlements and ending competitive bidding for pots of money.