Certainty for councils is vital for housing delivery, but given the uncertainty created by the Government’s new top-down targets, which will delay the implementation of local plans and therefore planning decisions, how confident are the Government of meeting their housing targets?
Britain is facing the sharpest housing crisis ever because of the failure of Conservative Members.
We will ensure, through our mandatory housing targets   and in the announcements that have been made, and that will be made in the Budget, that we get the houses that Britain needs.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I do not want to hear a conversation all the way through.
In the rush for numbers, we must not ignore the need to ensure that new homes are built to appropriate standards.
Given that the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government,  the hon.
Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) , has been stripped of responsibility for building safety because of conflicts of interest, can Ministers assure the House that the haste for targets will not undermine building safety?
We will ensure that houses are built to decent homes standards, which we have already set out, and that we meet those targets—unlike in the 14 years under the Conservatives.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of shortfalls in council budgets.
What assessment she has made of trends in the costs of delivering statutory local government services in rural areas.
What steps she is taking with local authorities to help ensure that they have adequate resources to fund local services.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the financial sustainability of local authorities.
Councils across the country, of all political stripes, work hard to deliver vital public services in our country.
We know that 14 years of mounting pressure is biting hard.
We are committed to moving towards a multi-year funding settlement, ending wasteful bidding competitions that essentially set one council against another.
Last week, I met political group leaders at the Local Government Association conference to understand what specific demand pressures they are facing, and we are committed to working together on those big issues.
Members will know that we cannot pre-empt the Budget statement due later in the week, but we are of course fully engaged in that process.
We stand ready to speak to any council experiencing financial difficulties, as I confirmed in my letter to MPs just over a week ago.
As the Minister knows—I have met him to discuss this subject—my local authority, Woking borough council, effectively went bankrupt last year.
It has had to cut services that many consider essential, and it will have to consider cutting others.
Does the Minister agree that it is time for Government and Parliament to review which services are classed as statutory and non-statutory?