Labour made a big song and dance about tackling rogue landlords.
No doubt Labour Members will have been made aware   of revelations reported in The Londoner this morning about  the hon.
Member for Ilford South (Jas Athwal) .
Not only is he letting out mouldy homes with infestation, but he is the landlord of an unsafe private care home where children have gone missing and been left at risk of criminal exploitation.
Do the Government have plans to tackle the rogue landlord on their own Benches?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her question.
As I understand it, the Member for Ilford South says in his statement that there have been no conflicts of interest and that all interests have been declared in line with his council’s rules.
I presume the shadow Secretary of State let the hon.
Member for Ilford South know that she was going to mention him on the Floor of the House.
No, I did not.
I say to all Members that mentioning other Members cannot be done without giving notice.
I presume the right hon.
Lady’s second question will be on a different issue.
I apologise, Mr Speaker.
I will check with my office.
I cannot say for certain that they did not let the hon.
Member know.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that reducing the capacity of councils by 20% by allowing workers an additional paid day off every week—that is what a four-day week actually is—is unacceptable and does not provide good value for money for taxpayers or residents?
I am really proud of our Employment Rights Bill and I am really proud to stand here as someone who advocates for flexible working.
We do not dictate to councils how they run their services; we work with councils.
The right hon.
Lady should be able to work out that flexible working is no threat to business and no threat to the economy.
In fact, it will boost productivity.
Southampton Itchen has the worst cases of unsafe cladding in Hampshire and fire safety works are taking years to get started, so residents are stuck in properties they cannot move out of or sell.
Will the Secretary of State please update the House on what she is doing to ensure that developers and freeholders get on with urgent safety works and protect leaseholders from extortionate costs?
Will she meet me and local councillors?
As a Government, we have been clear that the pace of remediation has been far too slow.
The Deputy Prime Minister and I will be meeting developers to review their progress and to agree a joint plan for accelerating remediation in the coming weeks.
I am,  of course, very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to  discuss these issues, and meet with constituents if that is helpful too.