We have not just had the infamous Baroness Mone scandal; at the time, there were reports of a hedge fund in Mauritius that got a £250 million contract for face masks that could not be used and a jeweller in Florida that got a multimillion-pound contract for gowns that could not be used.
The Government had to incinerate billions of pounds-worth of faulty personal protective equipment.
That is taxpayers’ money literally going up in smoke.
In the pandemic the then Health Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Matt Hancock) , told me at the Dispatch Box “where a contract is not delivered against, we do not intend to pay taxpayers’ money”.—[Official Report,  23 February 2021 ; Vol. 689, c. 758.]
But taxpayers’ money was spent, wasn’t it?
Why was that promise not met?
I gently refer the right hon.
Gentleman to the answer I just gave.
The fact is that, although problems arose with PPE procurement in this uniquely difficult environment in which officials were working unbelievably hard for the public good, PPE procurement is still subject to ongoing contract management controls, active dispute resolution and recovery action.
The fact of the matter is that this Government took it seriously during the pandemic.
The Department of Health and Social Care realised the risk of fraud early on, and the Government established a counter-fraud team to counter that threat.
We are using all the legal tools at our disposal to get taxpayers’ money back.
The House should be in no doubt that the Government’s speed of action during the crisis enabled many lives to be saved and for the country to overcome the covid-19 crisis.
What steps he is taking to support veterans with the cost of living.
What steps he is taking to support veterans with the cost of living.
The Government have successfully reduced inflation by more than half, which will make the cost of living more affordable for veterans along with every other resident in the United Kingdom.
We are also getting support directly to those who need it with the £104 billion cost of living package, worth an average of £3,700 a household.
In addition, the Government are providing £33 million over three years to better support veterans.
My constituents in Gower, and especially my veterans, want to know whether the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs stands by his comments that food bank usage is a personal choice.
It is important in this place that we do not misrepresent what other Members say.
I very clearly said that service personnel who receive subsidised accommodation should not be using food banks.
There is no requirement for them to do it, and that is not appropriate.
That is what I have said.
I have obviously never said that food banks are a personal choice.
This is a real opportunity to come here and ask me any questions at all about veterans’ affairs.
I suggest we try to raise the debate and actually improve their lives.
With tens of thousands of veterans across the UK forced to rely on universal credit to get by, what is the Minister doing to help veterans in Swansea East and right across the country who are in receipt of universal credit to cope with the increased cost of living caused by this Government’s economic failings?
I spend my entire life visiting veterans who consistently raise with me the help that they get.
There are plenty of places for them to go to, whether it is the Royal British Legion or others, that have specific grants.
On top of that, the Government have put in an enormous package of help for citizens across the United Kingdom of £104 billion.
That is £3,700 a household, and that is just for the cost of living.
It is an incredibly difficult time for lots of people across the United Kingdom, but I am comfortable that the Government are doing all we can, and we stand ready to do more.
What assessment his Department has made of trends in the diversity of appointments to the House of Lords.
Since 2010, female representation has risen to 29.1% and ethnic minority representation had risen by November 2021—those are the latest verified figures I have—to 6.6%.
That is good progress, but can the Minister explain why her right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) —Liz of the 50-day reign—was allowed to award her mates for their part in her failure with jobs for life in the legislature?
Is she proud of that?
It is a long-standing tradition
that anybody who reaches the height of Prime Minister—irrespective of which party that is for—has a resignation list.
The former Prime Minister has appointed accomplished people, and I am quite sure that they will contribute significantly to the other House.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the publication of the resignation honours list of the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk on public trust in (a) politicians and (b) political institutions.
It is a long-standing convention under successive Governments that outgoing Prime Ministers can draw up a resignation list.
That has been the case under past Governments from across the political spectrum, and any names proposed are subject to the usual propriety checks.
Political polarisation is more prevalent than ever, but polling consistently shows that voters across the political spectrum are united in their opposition to an unelected House of Lords.
The trouble the public face is that this place and this Government do not want to know—they merrily carry on stuffing the House of Lords full of loyal stooges.
When will the Government finally take their fingers out of their ears, listen to the public and begin to consider long-required reform of the place through those doors?
Many people in the other House are probably somewhat insulted by the hon.
Member’s words.
Many of them are highly accomplished in a variety of specialisms and bring much insight as they scrutinise the legislation that comes from this House.
If he will undertake a review of the effectiveness of gov.uk for the public and businesses.
Gov.uk is among the UK’s most recognised and trusted digital services.
It is constantly monitored to assure and improve the service it provides to its users through data analytics, user research and feedback, while the latest gov.uk strategy prioritises proactively reaching more people in more places.
Government processes need to work if our democratic system is to have the trust of our constituents.
We know that many people who use Government IT systems to manage their tax payments, national insurance credits or benefits experience errors in how their accounts of money are handled, which is unacceptable.
Will the Minister accept that a cross-departmental review of how those IT systems work needs to be carried out so that constituents can trust that the Government are not losing their hard-earned money?
I am pleased to tell the hon.
Lady that polling at the end of last year found that 76% of respondents were satisfied with gov.uk, 78% agreed that they could typically find what they wanted and 74% trusted the information they found.
Obviously, we keep all our systems under review, but gov.uk is a trusted brand and it is getting better every day.
What recent discussions he has had with the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests on trends in the level of compliance with the ministerial code.