The Prime Minister has been clear that he will lead a Government of “integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level.”
He is delivering on that promise.
I met Sir Laurie Magnus, the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests, in November.
A survey published just this week by the Institute for Government revealed that two thirds of the public do not believe that the Government behave according to high ethical standards.
I do not think anyone in the House will be surprised by that, given the behaviour we have seen from some—particularly former—Ministers over the past five years.
Even in the last few weeks, questions have been raised about potential breaches of the ministerial code by the Business Secretary, and we have seen failure rewarded constantly with outrageous severance payments.
Will the Minister finally fully enshrine the ministerial code into law?
That matter has been discussed.
The Committee on Standards in Public Life did not recommend that in 2021, because it would afford significant authority to a body that is outwith accountability to the House.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans who served in Northern Ireland.
We have expanded the Veterans Welfare Service provision in Northern Ireland and allocated £500,000 to a defence medical welfare service pilot to support veterans’ health and wellbeing in Northern Ireland.
On legacy, we are committed to working with the Northern Ireland Office, the Ministry of Defence and the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery to ensure that veterans are fully engaged and supported.
What support can veterans expect from the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery?
We are doing everything we can to support veterans who are going through that process.
It is essential that veterans are engaged as the commission develops its policies and processes.
We are working closely with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that legal and welfare provisions are established, to ensure that veterans are supported through that process.
We now come to topical questions.
I call Barry Sheerman—not here.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Later today, I will set out how we are putting more artificial  intelligence experts at the heart of Government to drive the adoption of AI right across the public sector.
We will not only revolutionise services but increase productivity, cut inefficiencies and save taxpayers millions of pounds.
Earlier this month, I launched the Pall Mall Process alongside international allies, which will combat the proliferation of the irresponsible use of cyber-intrusion tools that are commercially available.
I am determined that the Cabinet Office will lead the way in seizing the opportunities presented by these new technologies, while guarding against the risks.