In response to the question from  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) , the Minister stressed the importance of Ministers being accountable to this House, particularly for breaches of the ministerial code, but neither the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests nor the Prime Minister are truly accountable to the House when it comes to the ministerial code—and the Foreign Secretary is not accountable to this House at all.
Trust is at an all-time low, and breaches of the ministerial code are rife.
When will the Government revise the code to include appropriate sanctions, so that Ministers can no longer break the code with impunity?
The Government continue to keep the ministerial code under review.
The Prime Minister of the day has to be able to determine who the Ministers will be in the Government that he leads on behalf of His Majesty.
That is an important constitutional principle, but the Prime Minister will not hesitate to take action if there have been inappropriate breaches.
On the accountability of the Foreign Secretary, discussions continue on the best way to ensure that this House holds him to account, in the same way that he is already accountable to, for example, Select Committees.
In July 2019, the Minister’s Department issued new guidance effectively outlawing gagging clauses across Government Departments.
Does the Department have any plans to extend that to local authorities?
I am sure that the Minister would, like me, be appalled that Labour-run Rossendale Borough Council has issued a gagging clause against its elected representatives, backed up by a threat of legal proceedings, because it wants to cover up a £12 million fraud, in which Labour councillors may have been complicit, and about which they certainly have questions to answer.
My right hon.
Friend rightly raises some very concerning allegations.
So-called gagging orders should not be used in that way, and I undertake to look into the matter on his behalf.
I have raised the subject of the pressures facing prison officers on a number of occasions.
Prison officers are part of the civil service pension scheme and must work until the age of 68 to retire on a full pension.
Does the Minister recognise that that is unrealistic, given the number of assaults on them and the pressures they face?
Will he work with me and the Prison Officers Association to seek an exception for prison officers, so that they can retire at 60 after 30 years’ services, as is currently the case for firefighters and the police?
The hon.
Gentleman rightly raises the matter of the enormous contribution of prison officers.
They are often under-sung members of our public services, risking their life day in, day out, to protect us all from dangerous and violent criminals.
Of course, as Ministers, we have a duty to protect the public purse.
We have set out a clear principle on the age of retirement from government roles.
We would be reluctant to start varying that for a further group of people, because it is very difficult to draw the line once we start unpicking that principle.
It has been reported in The Daily Telegraph that the Starmerite think-tank Labour Together has had to pay a fine of just over £14,000 for failing to declare hundreds of thousands of donations.
The rationale it gave was that it did not want to name some of its donors.
Does my right hon.
Friend think that simply not wanting to do something is a reasonable basis on which to break the law?
The short answer is clearly no.
Indeed, it really worries me that things have come to a state where the Labour party allegedly did not want to declare donations because of concerns about growing antisemitism.
That is a very worrying allegation.
The independent review into the Teesworks project found there to be a lack of “transparency and oversight across the system to evidence value for money,” as well as “a persistent theme or culture of excessive confidentiality”.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities does not seem to be interested in pursuing those matters, and refuses to refer them to the National Audit Office.
Can the Minister explain what his Department is doing to make sure that public money is spent properly?
The Government remain committed to ensuring value for the taxpayer across all projects.
As the hon.
Gentleman highlights, this is principally a matter for DLUHC.
What is the latest position on a review of the impact of the statute of limitations on the ability of people injured  by covid-19 vaccines to bring civil claims?
More than 3,000 claims have not yet been dealt with by the Government’s compensation scheme, and people’s ability to begin civil litigation will be prejudiced unless something is done quickly.
My hon.
Friend is a champion and a campaigner on behalf of all those people who have suffered covid vaccine damage.
We have met, and I have taken the issue to the permanent secretary to see what we can do, whether it would involve extending the timeframe that he was talking about or not starting the clock ticking until a decision had been made.
Given that Ministers are piloting the use of artificial intelligence in Departments to answer parliamentary questions, which Ministers will the Secretary of State wish to replace first?
Until this moment I had not thought of drawing up a list, but as the hon.
Lady will have heard us say on a number of occasions, artificial intelligence provides a remarkable opportunity to create supplementary capacity and capability for the civil service and the Government.
I have been very pleased to pilot a new programme called “red box”, devised by a fantastic young crack AI team, which summarises long documents and makes the work of my private office easier.
However, it is enhancing capability, not replacing it.