We have discussed these issues many times, but does the Leader of the House not agree that it is incumbent on all of us to be mindful of our language and conduct?
When we see racism, antisemitism or Islamophobia in our own ranks, we must take action, however difficult the consequences, and we must be clear in calling it out.
To that end, I hope she will take this opportunity to say what is very clear for all to see, that the comments of  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  about the Mayor of London were racist and Islamophobic.
Does the Leader of the House agree that we need to uphold the highest standards of conduct towards one another, and that highly personalised and wrong-headed attacks by sections of the media, or by political parties, towards individual Members only fuel hatred, disdain and those who pose security threats?
We must strive to do better.
In an age of social media, the spread of misinformation, disinformation and deep fakes will shape the general election in ways that we cannot imagine, so will the Leader of the House update us on regulation and action to tackle it?
The Government watered down the Online Safety Act 2023 and took all of this out of scope, just when we needed it most.
Finally, ahead of next week’s Budget, I want to turn to the economy.
Last week, it became official: we are in recession.
Most people did not need the Office for National Statistics to tell them that, because they had been struggling with its reality for a long time.
Sitting beneath the headline figures was a record the Government do not want to admit: we have seen the biggest fall in living standards since records began—let us just let that sink in for a moment.
To emphasise that, GDP per capita has fallen for seven quarters in a row—that means families up and down the country have much less money to spend, the pounds in their pockets worth less.
This total crisis of living standards has the Prime Minister’s name written all over it.
He was the Chancellor, and now as Prime Minister he has failed.
He has failed to meet his own pledge to grow the economy, and he has failed each and every one of us.
To make matters worse, the Government seem unable to show any understanding or humility.
They repeat that their plan is working and that they have turned a corner, but we have not.
Alternatively, they blame others for their failure.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury seems not to understand the numbers at all.
One Conservative Member blamed the weather and another blamed disabled people.
When asked about our failing economy at yesterday’s Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister blamed Labour’s policies.
It is the Conservatives’ 14 years of decisions that have led us here and left Britain uniquely exposed, with austerity; political and economic instability; energy insecurity; and the kamikaze Budget sending mortgages and interest rates soaring.
After 14 years, people are worse off, taxes are higher, costs are higher and growth is stagnant, and there is nothing the Government can announce next week to change any of that.
First, let me add my voice to the many tributes that have been paid both to Lord Cormack and to Ronnie Campbell.
They were public servants who were thoughtful and committed, both to Parliament and to many other organisations and institutions.
I hope that those many tributes bring comfort to their loved ones.
I also join in the tribute the hon.
Lady paid to Dave Myers, one half of the Hairy Bikers.
He brought so much joy to so many people across our country and elsewhere.
The hon.
Lady asks me several questions, first about risk-based exclusion.
I do not think she has quite processed the full extent of the consequences of what happened last week.
The Government gave time to this debate and we want it debated.
I am part of the Commission and I want it debated and resolved in this House.
Given the current climate and the concerns that hon.
Members have raised since the motion was tabled—there have been some serious questions, in particular from learned colleagues—there will be a better opportunity to debate this in the House, and I hope that will be soon.
I am not expecting the hon.
Lady to give us any credit at all, as that is not her job.
She did not welcome the figures on irregular migration that are out today, which show that our plan is working.
She will know that the Budget, which I announced in the business, will be very soon, and I am sure we can all see the progress that has been made and that the Chancellor will set that out in due course.
As for what the hon.
Lady says about intimidation, let me repeat what I said last week: this House will not, has not and must not bow to terrorism or intimidation.
We are experiencing a new form of an old story.
As well as those colleagues slain since 2016, there are others who were murdered and whose shields are on the walls of this Chamber, above the door.
There are Members who sit on these Benches who can recall being issued with mirrors to look under their cars in the morning.
We are facing a new form of that old threat.
It failed then and it is going to fail now, but while we focus on ending that threat, we must not lose sight of the good in our country and what we can all do to help this situation.
The hon.
Lady raises the issue of  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) .
I know she will want to hear one word from him, but yesterday he provided us with 1,000 words.
I read his piece in the Express and it is some distance from the view he expressed in the original interview.
I think what he wrote in the Express is his genuine view.
We might have to accept that those 1,000 words are the closest we will get to the one-word apology that others seek.
The hon.
Lady has understandably chosen to scold him; I would rather ask him to consider all the good he could do, whatever political hue he ends up being, in these particular times with the trust and following he has built up.
She asks what action the Government have taken to combat these issues; I point her to the work of the defending democracy taskforce, the work I have done in this place on combatting conspiracy theories and the new systems we have set up.
The shadow Leader of the House is right that we also need to reflect on our own behaviour.
I would ask her to consider on whose Benches Members sit who have suggested that we lynch a Government Minister, who have called hon.
Members “scum” or who have said “I want to be in a situation where no Tory MP, no Tory MP, no coalition minister, can travel anywhere in the country, or show their face anywhere in public, without being challenged”.
Which party’s actions have made it more likely that an antisemite will be sworn into this House next week?
Which party last week trashed the understanding and foundation of trust upon which this place needs to operate?
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady rolls her eyes.
I would ask her to consider what she could do to rectify that situation.
There are many good people in the  Labour party; there are many good people who have also been driven from it.
Despite best attempts to knock it off the media agenda or pretend it is otherwise, the strong moral compass we want to see from our nation’s political leaders, especially at times like this, is missing from the Labour party.
That is sad and it is shameful.