In his second interim report, of  5 April 2023 , Sir Brian Langstaff set out: “I recommend that a compensation scheme should be set up now and it should begin work this year.”
Now we are into the next year, 2024, and the scheme has not been set up.
We have no timetable from the Government on when work will begin.
The Minister does not need to wait until  20 May  for the final report.
Can the Minister tell the victims’ groups, who have waited for so long, whether he has persuaded the Chancellor to include the funding for the scheme in next week’s Budget, and when will the first substantive payments be made?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman will understand that I cannot pre-announce aspects of the Budget, but his general point about urgency is one that I hear, as I said to him when I met him before the February recess.
As I also explained, Report stage in this place on  4 December  left us with legislation that was not fit for purpose, which is why further changes need to be made.
Those changes are being made as urgently as possible.
On Monday of this week, the Government committed that on Report in the other place, we will bring forward the appropriate amendment to enable that arm’s length body to be created with the legal functions and UK-wide remit that is necessary.
I have been working closely with Earl Howe, meeting with him as the Bill has gone through the other place.
However, I cannot announce aspects of the Budget in any form—I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will forgive me.
What recent progress he has made on the roll-out of veteran ID cards.
To date, we have received over 70,000 applications.
We are committed to ensuring that as many veterans as possible know how to apply for a card: we have launched a national promotional campaign to raise awareness of the card’s availability, and over the next few months, we will continue to work with the charity sector and others to ensure as many people as possible know about the card and its benefits.
Veterans in my constituency of Ynys Môn, such as the brilliant Mark Davis who served our country for many years, are now eligible for a veteran card.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm how veterans such as Mark Davis are being told about that card and how to get one?
Diolch yn fawr.
A significant program of work is going on at the moment to make sure everyone is aware of the card.
This has been the No. 1 ask of the major six military charities in this country for some time, and I encourage everybody who is eligible—who has served and is a veteran—to apply for their veteran ID card, which opens up a whole gamut of services.
We have completely transformed what it means to be a veteran in this country.
Those services are available: you can get help with so many issues.
Please do apply for your card, and slowly, we will make this the best country in the world to be a veteran.
As always, I thank the Minister for his very positive response.
He will know, of course, that people in Northern Ireland are joining up to serve—whether it be in the Army, the Royal Navy or the Royal Air Force—as they have done over the years.
Beyond the Battlefield, which I hope the Minister will visit shortly, is one of the organisations that helps veterans.
Does the Minister hold any statistics on how many service personnel from Northern Ireland have applied for veteran ID cards?
I do not have those figures to hand, but Northern Ireland traditionally has a higher representation of service personnel.
I was in Northern Ireland two weeks ago, and I was impressed with some of the services, but to be honest, Northern Ireland is not where I want it to be in terms of veterans’ affairs.
We are looking at all options for how the Office for Veterans’ Affairs can really lean in—while mindful of the fact that health, housing and many other things are devolved—and make sure that the standard that we now see in England for veterans’ care is replicated across the United Kingdom in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.