That is a good question and I cannot emphasise this point enough.
Obviously, this is my responsibility as the veterans Minister, but it is also the nation’s duty to look after these people.
We need local authorities to understand what is available to look after these people.
We have armed forces champions in local authorities now
and I want to see that role taken seriously.
There are multiple pathways specifically for veterans through health, housing, employment and a  number of other topics, but clearly it is incumbent on all of us in public life to understand what is available for veterans so that when we find one in need, they get the world-class help they deserve.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of procurement fraud during the covid-19 pandemic.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of procurement fraud during the covid-19 pandemic.
The Government’s “Cross-Government Fraud Landscape Annual Report 2022” includes data from the first year of the Government’s response to the pandemic.
The report suggests that in 2020-21, Government Departments and arm’s length bodies reported a total of £124.6 million of detected procurement fraud.
The same report showed that at the end of March 2021, some £88.2 million of fraud and error had been recovered within covid-19 schemes.
Since then, crucially, further funds have been recovered and the Government will continue to update the House as fresh data becomes available.
When people think back to the sacrifices they made during the pandemic, the greed associated with the personal protective equipment scandal really jars with them, so will the Minister commit to following the Labour party’s lead and appoint a covid corruption commissioner to chase down and claw back every penny of taxpayers’ money that was wasted?
This Government take PPE fraud extremely seriously.
To remind the House of the figures, 1.8% of expenditure on PPE was lost to fraud at a time when there was the most extraordinary public crisis in several generations and we were competing in an extremely overheated international market.
To date, we have recovered more than a quarter of that 1.8% and the fight to recover more continues.
PPE procurement is subject to ongoing contract management controls, active dispute resolution and recovery action.
The law is on our side and we are using it.
The covid procurement scandal upset many people, and rightly so.
I spoke with a fantastic local business in Tamworth, Wearwell (UK), which was manufacturing PPE as part of the regional procurement but was cut out of the process during the pandemic.
The UK must be prepared in the event of another pandemic, and British manufacturing offers a greater response time and a more stable supply chain.
When will we return to regional procurement to ensure that local businesses are prioritised when providing PPE for the nation?