We again thank the hon.
Gentleman for what he does every week, which is to shine a spotlight on the situations that are going on around the world that would not normally get this level of attention.
It is good to hear from him slightly earlier in the session this week.
As he knows, on each occasion, I follow up with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to ensure that our people in-country realise the importance of these matters to us in this place, and I thank him again on behalf of us all for raising them.
If freedom of the press means anything, it means the freedom to criticise and to oppose.
That freedom is in danger if we become the first democracy in the world to allow a foreign Government to buy a national newspaper and media organisation.
My right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House may be aware that the noble Baroness Stowell has tabled an amendment to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill with cross-party support in the House of Lords to prevent that from happening.
Will the Government support or at least not oppose that amendment in the House of Lords?
Were it to come to the Commons, I certainly would support it, and I encourage all right hon.
and hon.
Members to do the same.
We must prize freedom of the press in this country, and that amendment is our opportunity to do so.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
Having a free press and a competitive media sector is a vital part of our democracy.
The Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has an obligation to intervene in media transactions where there is a public interest to do so.
As my right hon.
Friend will understand—more than many—that is a statutory judicial process, so it would not be right for me to comment.
On his general point, however, he is absolutely right, and there was audible support from across this Chamber for the position that he outlined.
On  7 November  last year, I wrote to the then Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, seeking a meeting with me and a cross-party group of local MPs to discuss an issue of concern expressed by our constituents.
Following the reshuffle and having received no reply, in December I wrote again, to the new Secretary of State.
We have still not had a response, let alone the meeting that we sought.
With the NHS on its knees, I appreciate that the Health Secretary must have a full inbox, but does the Leader of the House agree that it is simply unacceptable that after almost four months, Members of this House are still waiting for a Minister to reply to our correspondence?
Guidelines are clear about the time- frame in which Departments need to respond to Members.
As the hon.
Lady knows, my office takes that very seriously.
We are involved in training the parliamentary clerks in Departments to ensure that they understand the obligations.
If she gives me further information, I will follow up on the matter of parliamentary correspondence.
I do not know the specifics of the issue that concerns the hon.
Lady and her colleagues, but she will know that many decisions are taken locally—I am sure, however, she has already spoken to her board and local commissioners.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State has heard what she has said, and she can raise it with her directly in oral questions on  5 March .
The Leader of the House will be aware that the Barking, Havering and Redbridge University Hospitals NHS Trust operates the Queen’s Hospital in my constituency.
I praise the staff and the chief executive for all the work that they do to look after my constituents.
However, will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Health to make a statement about the situation in the accident and emergency unit.
Thirty per cent of patients are being seen within four hours, and yet the national average is 5%.
That is unacceptable.
Will she ask the Secretary of State to visit Queen’s Hospital with me to look at solutions and to discuss how we can serve the constituents of Romford better when it comes to the local hospital and NHS services in the London Borough of Havering?
I join my hon.
Friend in the praise that he heaps on his healthcare professionals, in particular at the Queen’s Hospital in his constituency.
He may be aware that the Secretary of State’s predecessor did a piece of work to ensure that we were able to compare the performance of different trusts and different hospitals across the whole UK, so that we can identify where more assistance is needed or whether there are issues with performance and so forth.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State hears what my hon.
Friend has said today.
Again, he may raise it directly with the Front-Bench team on  5 March  at Question Time.
For some time now, I have been in support of a safeguarded assisted dying law for mentally-competent terminally-ill adults with a life expectancy prognosis of six months.
I was not always of that opinion—I have had to go on a journey—but have concluded that the evidence is overwhelming that that would be a step in the right direction, and public opinion is now very much in favour of a change in the law.
I recognise that there are considerable concerns on the opposite side of the argument, but in the light of the news that the Isle of Man and Jersey are considering a change in the law, is it not time that we in this House have a fresh look at the matter, with a debate in Government time?