May I ask my hon.
Friend what work is being done to ensure that the Government give value for money for the taxpayer when it comes to the Government estate?
I am pleased to say that one of our major Government functions, the Government Property Agency, is constantly looking at how we can refresh the Government estate to make sure not just that our offices are fit for purpose and are wonderful working spaces for our excellent civil servants, but that we are not hanging on to outdated buildings that are expensive to run.
We are very mindful of achieving value for money in this area.
Interim payments are, by their very nature, interim; they are paid before final payments.
Perhaps the Minister might be able to help me to understand.
He just said that works are going on at pace, so when will the interim payments, recommended by Sir Brian Langstaff in April 2023, to parents who lost children and children who lost parents be paid before the final payments are made?
As soon as possible, and when the Government’s position is clear.
On the efficiency of Government Departments, I am sure that Ministers want report by inspectorates that are the responsibility of their Department to be produced in a timely manner.
Is the Minister aware that the now sacked chief inspector of borders and immigration has produced 15 reports, which have been sitting on the Home Secretary’s desk, in some cases for over a year?
There is complete confusion about how they can be published in the absence of the inspector and his deputy.
Will the Minister look into that, and give reassurances to the House that these reports will be published in a timely fashion?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important matter.
I will look into it urgently and come back to him as soon as possible.
The experience of the last two years has taught us that energy security is now national security.
The more we can generate our own renewables, the less reliant on tyrants we will be.
Has the Secretary of State asked the National Security Council to report on the national and energy security implications of the Prime Minister’s decision last year to scale back his Government’s energy transition targets?
If he has not, why not?
We continue to monitor energy security, principally through the National Security Council resilience committee, which I chair.
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that if she is concerned about energy security, why does her party consistently vote against granting new licences for North sea oil and gas, which would enhance our energy security?
Why do this Government think it is right that Church of England bishops in the House of Lords can have greater   say on legislation affecting Scotland than the Scottish Parliament, and when will there ever be meaningful reform to the bloated House of Lords?
As the hon.
Gentleman will have heard me say in a Westminster Hall debate not so long ago, it remains a great pity that the SNP refuses to play in the House of Lords.
The fact is that the people of Scotland rejected the idea of an independent Scotland some time ago, and it would have been to the benefit of his constituents and others around Scotland if his party had had the good sense to ask for people to be put in the upper House.
On the contaminated blood scandal, why have the Government not named the experts?
We have given details of the appointment of Sir Jonathan Montgomery, and a number of other individuals are working on clinical and other matters.
It is really important that we get on with this work, and we will report back on their conclusions as soon as we can.
We know that the Cabinet Office is often focused on making sure that procurement contracts go to small and medium-sized enterprises, but can my hon.
Friend tell me what work is being done to make sure that female-led businesses get a chance at those contracts?
I think my right hon.
Friend is referring to social value, which is obviously an important part of our procurement regime.
Social value was discussed extensively during the passage of the Procurement Act 2023, and contracting authorities in local areas must pay regard to it.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  4 March  will include: Monday 4 March —General debate on farming.
Tuesday 5 March —Second Reading of Automotive Vehicles Bill [Lords], followed by motions relating to the shared Parental Leave and Pay (Bereavement) Bill, the British Citizenship (Northern Ireland)
Bill and the High Streets (Designation, Review and Improvement Plan) Bill.
Wednesday 6 March —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will deliver his Budget statement.
Thursday 7 March —Continuation of the Budget debate.
Friday 8 March —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  11 March  includes: Monday 11 March —Continuation of the Budget debate.
Tuesday 12 March —Conclusion of the Budget debate.
Colleagues should also be aware that  Thursday 14 March  will be estimates day.
At 5 pm on that day the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
I start by paying tribute to Ronnie Campbell and Sir Patrick Cormack.
Ronnie was a larger than life character, proudly and staunchly representing his community and his roots.
Although Sir Patrick was an MP before my time, I have read the glowing tributes which all describe him as incredibly kind.
I am also incredibly saddened by the news, just announced, that Dave Myers, one of the Hairy Bikers, has died.
He was a hugely popular and much loved figure.
I was going to welcome the motion on the risk-based exclusion of Members that we were due to debate on Monday, as the Leader of the House announced last week, but it appears that she has pulled it.
This decision will be met with dismay by Members, staff and unions who have worked on it for more than a year.
Can she let us know when the motion will return?
I note that some on the Conservative Benches had tabled amendments, which reports suggest is why the motion has been withdrawn.
Will she confirm that she still supports the motion as agreed by the House of Commons Commission on which we both sit?