Title: CONGRATULATING & WISHING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO HONORABLE ALGENON L. MARBLEY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
152

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING & WISHING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO HONORABLE ALGENON L. MARBLEY

HON.
JOYCE BEATTY

Mrs. BEATTY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished

service of the Honorable Algenon L. Marbley from my district, who has

served the Southern District of Ohio since 1997, after his appointment

by President Clinton and unanimous confirmation by the U.S. Senate.
In 2019, Judge Marbley became the first African American from the

segregated South to serve as Chief District Judge for the Southern

District of Ohio.
Under his leadership, the Court remained one of the

Nation's most productive, even through the challenges of the COVID-19

pandemic.
In 2023, the District was ranked in the top 15 most productive

federal district courts, and his dedication to justice is unparalleled.
As Chief Judge Marbley celebrates his 70th birthday and concludes his

tenure, I extend my deepest gratitude for his service and friendship

and wish him continued success in his next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
BARBARA NIELSEN

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, South Carolina will always

recognize and cherish the dedicated service of Dr. Barbara Nielsen.
She

heroically was the first Republican elected State Superintendent in 125

years, in addition to being the first woman.
During her service as a

member of the State Senate Education Committee, I know of her

relentless devotion that all students can achieve.
Below is the obituary of the historic Sauls Funeral Home recounting

her life of December 2, 1942, to September 3, 2024.
She and Dennis are

noted for their beautiful Moss Creek home in Bluffton, highlighted by

500-year-old oak trees at the entrance of U.S. Highway 278, which they

saved when the highway was widened to eight lanes.
Dr. Barbara Nielsen of Hilton Head Island, SC, passed away

on Tuesday, September 3, 2024.
Dr. Nielsen was a shining

light in the field of education.
Dr. Nielsen believed

fiercely in the God-given potential of every student and

dedicated her life to equipping them to reach it.
She never

lost faith in the belief of what a great education can bring.
Dr. Barbara Nielsen was the first woman to ever be elected as

South Carolina's Superintendent of Education and served two

consecutive terms from 1991 to 1999.
During her tenure as superintendent, Dr. Nielsen campaigned

for significant legislation on education reform.
Most

noteworthy among these were the state's 1998 Education

Accountability Act, the law that made possible the state's

first full-day kindergarten program, and the legislation that

paved the way for the establishment of charter schools in

South Carolina.
Prior to her role as superintendent, Dr. Nielsen's career

in education spanned three decades as an administrator, an

educational consultant, and as a teacher in Louisville, KY

and Beaufort, SC.
She held a doctorate degree in educational

administration and planning and a master's degree in guidance

and counseling from the University of Louisville, and an

undergraduate degree from the University of Dayton.
A

multitude of accolades and tributes continue to pour in,

reflecting the widespread respect and admiration she garnered

over the years.
Among her highest awards were The South

Carolina Order of the Palmetto, and she was Commissioned as A

Kentucky Colonel.
Even after her retirement, Dr. Nielsen never ceased her

efforts in advocacy for students and teachers alike.
In 2023,

she notably chaired the state's 17-member Teacher Recruitment

and Retention Task Force, a panel dedicated to finding

innovative ways to recruit and retain quality educators

within the state.
Governor Henry McMaster called Nielsen's death ``a profound

loss'' for the state and hailed her as ``a true pioneer and

an inspiration to many.''
He said, ``Her commitment to

modernizing and reforming our education system transformed

the lives of thousands upon thousands of our children.''