Her favorite words are, ``Si se

puede,'' and her motto is, ``God doesn't make little miracles, He makes

big miracles, and here you have one . . .
ME.''
As the marketing coordinator for Banco Popular in Orlando, Maritza

continued to demonstrate her commitment to the community.
Since 2016,

she has served as the executive

director of La Prensa, a newspaper with 43 years of history in Central

Florida, dedicated to providing relevant and useful information to the

Hispanic community.
As the executive director of La Prensa, Maritza has

dedicated herself to providing the Hispanic community with access to

important reports, articles, and topics through this weekly newspaper.
Under her leadership, La Prensa has become the only fully Spanish-

language newspaper aimed at Spanish speakers in the region, offering a

vital space for Hispanics to feel represented and comfortable reading

in their native language.
Maritza currently resides in Orlando, Florida.
She is originally from

Cardenas, Matanzas, Cuba, and is married to Anibal Beltran.
Her career

has been marked by her dedication to the Hispanic community and her

passion for effective communication.
She has consistently supported

democratic causes and fought for freedom in countries of origin,

reflecting her deep commitment to making a positive impact.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MILTON JONES

HON.
TIM BURCHETT

Mr. BURCHETT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Milton Jones, an East

Tennessean who served our country in the U.S. Navy and worked on the

Manhattan Project.
Milton grew up with an interest in technology and how it works, which

would serve him well throughout his career.
After he graduated from

Farragut High School in 1941, Jones earned a first class radio license

from Madison College in Nashville.
He then went on to train the Army

Signal Corps until he was

called back to Tennessee to help on the Manhattan Project.
After the end of World War II, Milton started at WIVK radio as a

chief engineer and proceeded to help set up new stations throughout the

South.
He retired in 1993, but continued to work as a consultant for

different radio stations and helped tune their towers.
Milton raised four children with his wife Anna Ruth Atkins, and

turned 101 years old in March of 2023.
He has served his country and

his family well, and the East Tennessee community is thankful for the

impact he has had on those who have been fortunate enough to know him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING NICKY NIEVES AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA FOR

HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Nicky Nieves is a 2 Paralympian and gold

medalist sitting volleyball player for the United States of America.
She attended Gateway High School in Kissimmee, and during her

volleyball career earned All-County Player and Best Attacker of the

Year in 2007.
Deciding to transition from collegiate volleyball at Queens College,

she joined Team USA in 2011.
Nicky won her first Paralympic gold medal

with the team at the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games and her second gold

medal at the Paris 2024 Games, helping the team win the program's

historic third consecutive gold medal.
Currently, Nicky is finishing her master's in clinical mental health

and directing her nonprofit, ``Limitless People Inc.,'' which aims to

provide more volleyball opportunities--both sitting and standing.
Through Limitless, Nicky has fed the community of Kissimmee on major

holidays and has hosted sitting volleyball clinics and camps to spread

the Paralympic movement throughout the state of Florida.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVOLUTIONARY WAR VETERAN DOCTOR ELEAZOR ROOT

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Revolutionary

War Veteran Dr. Eleazer Root on the occasion of the laying of a plaque

in his honor at Oak Grove Cemetery located in Manchester, Michigan.