Providing assistance for 10 counties across Northwest

Michigan, NMCAA has touched countless lives and helped families from

across the region find opportunities which due to unfortunate

circumstances may have not been available to them otherwise.
During their half century of service, NMCAA has become an anchor for

the Northwest Michigan Community.
It is a place providing opportunity

for those who need it most and the organization has certainly lived up

to their self-stated mission of fostering positive change, improving

quality of life, and building stronger and more connected communities.
NMCAA provides a multitude of services for residents, ranging from

Housing and Energy Efficiency Services, Homeless Prevention Programs

all the way to Economic Security and Child/Family Development

initiatives.
Their broad scope of assistance is a credit to the

phenomenal staff and volunteers of NMCAA, who work tirelessly year-

round to ensure that their impact is felt in the community.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Northwest Michigan Action

Agency for their 50 years of service to the Northern Michigan community

and I wish them nothing but continued success in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
CARLOS CAMACHO

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Carlos Sablan

Camacho, the first Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands and a man

who has devoted his life to the health and welfare of our island

community.
Dr. Camacho was born to Luis Taimanao Camacho and Ramona Sablan

Camacho on November 4, 1937, on the island of Saipan, during the

Japanese administration.
He witnessed as a child the effects of World War II and particularly

the Battle of Saipan in 1944, in which one in ten Mariana islanders

lost their life.
For a person in our community, Carlos Camacho had unusual access to

education during his formative years.
He completed nine years of

schooling in the Marianas, then in 1954 left for the island of Chuuk,

where he attended the Pacific Island Central School and studied basic

medicine and dentistry.
Two years later, he was recruited to attend the Fiji School of

Medicine.
There he received advanced medical training and after six

years received a degree to practice medicine.
He returned home to the

Marianas and went to work at the Dr. Torres Hospital.
He returned to learning in 1971, when he began work on an advanced

degree in Public Health at the University of Hawaii--Manoa.
Signaling

his accomplishment, Dr. Camacho was chosen to represent the School of

Public Health and the Pacific Islands at the Colorado Medical Center

Seminar in 1972.
Upon completion of his studies, he returned from

Hawaii and took up work on Saipan as the Chief Medical Officer of the

public Health Service.
It was then that Dr. Camacho turned his attention to governance.
In

1976, he was elected to the Congress of Micronesia.
He became President

of the Saipan Democratic Party.
After the people of the Marianas voted

to join the United States as a self-governing Commonwealth, Dr. Camacho

was appointed to the convention that drafted the Constitution under

which we now live.
When that Constitution first became effective in 1977, Dr. Camacho

was elected the first Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern

Mariana Islands and took office on January 9, 1978.
During his term as governor, Dr. Camacho fought against the

implementation of gambling in our islands, was a leading voice

protesting nuclear waste dumping in the Pacific, and managed the

transition from governance by the United Nations Trust Territory of the

Pacific Islands to self-government by the people of the Marianas.
He was a strong advocate for our newly formed Commonwealth government

throughout Southeast Asia and the Pacific.