Michele has

opened her home personally to assist homeless veterans.
She works

diligently every day to make sure no veteran who crosses her path falls

through the system.
Michele promotes camaraderie within veterans

through the Valentines for Vets, Donuts with Veterans and the Deep East

Texas Stand Down Event.
She volunteers to instill patriotism in her

community by coordinating the annual Flag Day ceremony at the VFW Post

1836, and honors freedom and bravery at the Wreaths Across America

Ceremony where 1200 wreaths are placed on the graves of local veterans.
Michele has been recognized for her outstanding volunteer service at

the local, state, and national level.
It is my honor to award Linda Michele Conner with a Congressional

Veteran Commendation from the 17th Congressional District of Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MILTON EVANS LADNIER WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN

COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to present Milton Evans Ladnier, of

Crockett, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His service

to the Nation and community speaks to the best of Texas.
A native Texan, Milton was first called to duty by the United States

Army on March 28, 1969, at the young age of 19.
He served during the

Vietnam conflict as a helicopter mechanic crew chief in the Central

Highlands with the 173rd Airborne Brigade, earning the Vietnam Service

Medal, the Vietnam Campaign Medal, the National Defense Service Medal

and Army Commendation Medal.
In the 1990's Milton worked as an

appraiser in Harris County and enlisted in the Army National Guard at

Ellington Field.
After several years with the Guard, he signed on as a

full-time civil service technician and was called to Active Duty in

2006 during Operation Iraqi Freedom.
At the time, he was 55 years old

and was assigned as supervisor to thirteen young soldiers in the

helicopter engine repair shop.
He received his honorable discharge in

2007.
Milton was awarded the Bronze Star, National Defense Service

Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Iraq Campaign Medal, Army

Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, and the Armed Services Reserve

Medal.
Milton moved to Crockett in 2017, where he immediately became

involved with the local American Legion Post 134, serving as Commander

two separate terms.
He served as the Houston County Veterans Service

Officer for two years and continues to support local veterans.
He was

instrumental in renovating the American Legion Post and developed the

monthly luncheon for veterans and their families at the Post.
Many days

you can find Milton volunteering his time to drive veterans to their

medical appointments, as he is always helping others.
The American

Legion has awarded him twice as the Veteran of the Year for his ongoing

support of local veterans.
It is my honor to award Milton Evans Ladnier with a Congressional

Veteran Commendation from the 17th Congressional District of Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST MICHIGAN ACTION AGENCY

HON.
JACK BERGMAN

Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Northwest

Michigan Action Agency for their 50 years of service to the Northern

Michigan community.
Since 1974, NMCAA has provided Northern Michigan with community-based

service, helping bridge the gap between poverty and self-sustainability

by supporting independence and enhancing the quality of life for

residents.
Providing assistance for 10 counties across Northwest

Michigan, NMCAA has touched countless lives and helped families from

across the region find opportunities which due to unfortunate

circumstances may have not been available to them otherwise.
During their half century of service, NMCAA has become an anchor for

the Northwest Michigan Community.
It is a place providing opportunity

for those who need it most and the organization has certainly lived up

to their self-stated mission of fostering positive change, improving

quality of life, and building stronger and more connected communities.