Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the decades

of service the Honorable Franklin D. Moss and Christene Chadwick Moss

have devoted to our Fort Worth community.
Mr. and Mrs. Moss have dedicated their lives to making our community

a better place, particularly within the Stop Six neighborhood.
Mr. Moss

has served as a city councilmember, realtor, historian, and board

member for various non-profit organizations.
His civic contributions

include his tenure on the Fort Worth City Council from 1998 to 2003 and

again from 2007 to 2013, as well as his role as President of the Texas

Association of Black City Council Members.
Mrs. Moss has also made significant contributions through her work as

an educator, nurse, and advocate for the aging and disabled.
She made

history as the first Black female Board President of the Fort Worth

Independent School District.
Her educational background includes an

associates degree from Tarrant County Junior College, a license in

long-term care administration from El Centro College, a Bachelor of

Science in Sociology and Psychology from Texas Wesleyan College, and a

master's in Hospital Administration from Texas Woman's University.
Mrs.

Moss has served and led on many Tarrant County, State and National

Boards.
The couple's unwavering commitment to education paired with

their strong focus on giving back to the community has made a lasting

impact on many people, particularly their three children: Edmond L.

Moss, an accountant; Kimberlyn C. Simpson Moss, a retired nurse and

veteran; and Franklin D. Moss Jr., CEO of Franklin & Anthony Tailor/

Clothier.
I am pleased to recognize the enduring contributions of Franklin and

Christene Moss's to the Fort Worth community and beyond.
Thank you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARITZA BELTRAN AS A DISTINGUISHED LEADER IN CENTRAL FLORIDA

FOR HISPANIC HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Maritza Beltran began her professional career

in New Jersey, working for Channel 47 Telemundo as the director of

advertising and community affairs for New Jersey and Puerto Rico.
Her

talent and dedicated led her to excel in Spanish-language media, where

she played a crucial role in disseminating information and supporting

the Hispanic community.
In Orlando, Maritza became the host of the television program,

``Mundo Mejor,'' broadcast on Cablevision and produced by ABC Channel

9.
As a pioneer of Spanish-language media in Central Florida, her

influence and leadership were instrumental in developing and

strengthening the Hispanic presence in the region.
Maritza was the

producer and host of the morning show, ``Buenos Dias, Buen Dia,''

broadcast by Q Broadcasting for 17 years.
This program stood out for

occupying the number one spot in Arbitron radio ratings and for its

commitment to the community.
Maritza organized radio marathons for community causes, natural

disasters, and the collection of supplies, clothing, and money.
One of

her most significant achievements was raising $162,000 in a single day

for children with cancer at St. Jude Hospital, making her show the only

national radio program to reach this amount.
Additionally, Maritza produced and hosted the radio program, ``Salud

al Dia,'' for the Pan American Association of Doctors of Central

Florida.
She was the first female anchor for Telefutura/Univision

Orlando, where she presented the segment, ``Noticias: Orlando al

Minuto.''
In 2010, Maritza faced a brain aneurysm, but with admirable

resilience, she underwent two brain surgeries and returned with even

greater dedication to community service, grateful for the life that God

generously gave back to her.
Maritza is a woman committed to her

community, a voice, and a helping hand.
Her favorite words are, ``Si se

puede,'' and her motto is, ``God doesn't make little miracles, He makes

big miracles, and here you have one . . .
ME.''
As the marketing coordinator for Banco Popular in Orlando, Maritza

continued to demonstrate her commitment to the community.