From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVOLUTIONARY WAR VETERAN DOCTOR ELEAZOR ROOT

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Revolutionary

War Veteran Dr. Eleazer Root on the occasion of the laying of a plaque

in his honor at Oak Grove Cemetery located in Manchester, Michigan.
Freedom is not free, and today we pause to remember a man who served

his country with honor during the Revolutionary War.
His service to our

Nation at the time of its birth is worthy of commendation.
Born in Coventry, Connecticut in July of 1764, Dr. Root first

enlisted in the Continental Army as a Private at the tender age of 15.
He was stationed at West Point, New York, where he contributed to the

fight for American independence.
Following his military service, Dr.

Root moved to Manchester, Michigan not long after its founding in the

early 1800s.
He died in 1837 at the age of 72, and Dr. Root's grave was

the first at Oak Grove Cemetery.
Doctor Root is remembered for his honorable military service and

dedication to our Nation.
He is just one of the few native and adopted

Michiganders who fought for our country during the revolution.
It is

important for us to honor the veterans of our community who fought for

the freedom of our Nation, a value we continue to hold dear today.
We

are thankful for the path these soldiers laid out for past, present and

future Americans over two centuries ago.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

honorable Dr. Eleazor Root as he is memorialized in Manchester,

Michigan.
We join with Americans everywhere in extending our thanks to

the Huron Valley Chapter of the National Society of the Sons of the

American Revolution, Ypsilanti Chapter Daughters of the American

Revolution, and the Sarah Caswell Angell Chapter Daughters of the

American Revolution for their work dedication to honoring Dr. Root in

the run up to Nation's 250th anniversary.
Today and every day, we honor

the brave patriots we lost in the fight for our independence.
We are

grateful for their military service and their willingness to fight for

the freedom and liberty that we enjoy today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SCOTT ORR

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

retirement of Mr. Scott Orr from Georgia Power.
Mr. Orr has been led an impressive 42-year career and has been a

great advocate for Georgians as Georgia Power's Manager of Federal

Legislative Affairs.
Scott Orr began his career at Georgia Power in 1982, and since then

has held a number of roles in the company including customer service,

sales, and his role in Federal Legislative Affairs.
He has been a great friend not just to our office but to the Georgia

delegation as a whole, having worked with several different members

throughout his career!
Outside of work, Orr's service has made a great impact on his

community.
Scott has served as the Vice Chair of the Georgia Youth Challenge

Academy Foundation's Board of Directors, the Athens Chamber of

Commerce, United Way of Northeast Georgia, and many others!
Thank you, Scott Orr, for your decades of service to Georgia, and

congratulations on your well-earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DONALD GENE JOHNSON WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN

COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Donald Gene Johnson,

of Groesbeck, Texas, by presenting him with a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
His pledge to champion values of support and sacrifice

exemplifies American patriotism.
Born in Texas, Donald received his draft notice in October 1965 and

joined the Army to serve during the Vietnam War.
He underwent basic

training at Fort Carson, Colorado, before being deployed to the front

lines in Vietnam.