Data in responses to my written questions on PIP appeals shows that more than 50,000 ill or disabled people had their appeals upheld at tribunal without the need for new evidence.
Given that the UK Government will be examined today by the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities following its 2016 special inquiry that found that the threshold had been met for grave and systematic violations, is it not time to replace the flawed and outdated PIP system with a framework that is fit for purpose?
Of course, we always keep all benefits under review at the Department, including PIP and the assessment processes.
As the hon.
Lady points out, there is rightly an appeals process for those who are not happy with the conclusions of those assessments.
We keep those under review, and I can reassure her that they represent a relatively small proportion of the total number of applications.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of regional variations in levels of employment and inactivity.
The regional employment gap is significantly lower than in 2010.
Jobcentres take a place-based approach to deliver targeted support that reflects local need and the local economy.
Health Equity North research shows high levels of economic inactivity in the north-east due to disability or ill health—40% above the national average.
I visited the jobcentre in Newcastle and was very impressed by the dedication and hard work of the staff, but I know from the Public and Commercial Services union that one in four universal credit managers took time off in 2023 for mental illness, which is three times the figure before 2019.
We are the only country in the G7 not to have the same level of employment as before the pandemic.
Are those high rates not because of record NHS waiting lists, low staff morale and general Government incompetence?
As the hon.
Lady found, within our jobcentres we have highly skilled people helping people to find work.
We have a higher number of people with disabilities in work than in 2010—more than 2 million—and we intend to ensure that work coaches can work carefully and sensitively and attend to people’s needs.
In recent months, the Welsh Affairs Committee has heard from young adults about their experiences with the benefits system.
We have been struck by how this group of young people want to work and feel that they can work, but they have been written off as long-term sick and passed to the long-term sickness benefit roll by jobcentres.
They feel incredibly let down.
Does the Minister agree that we cannot afford to be signing off so many of our young people on long-term sickness?
That is why we have WorkWell, the back to work plan, and the occupational health group, led by Dame Carol Black, looking into fit note reform.
It is also why we have youth employment coaches and the  youth hubs.
We are working to ensure that there is the right attenuated support, including kickstart, the sector-based work academy programme and boot camps.
Only last week, I met Steph, who is 27, 10 years out of work and grateful for the help that she has had.
What steps he is taking to help people into work.
Jobcentre Plus provides a variety of different support to encourage and support people into work, including training and one-to-one, face-to-face counselling by work coaches.
In February, there were 615 claimants aged 18 to 24 out of work in Sittingbourne and Sheppey.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is important that schools and businesses work together to ensure that young people have the qualifications and skills they need to progress into work once they finish full-time education?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
It is exactly why we have youth hubs providing advice and support on not just getting into work but other important matters to young people, such as housing, their health and debt management.
I was talking to the Royal National Institute of Blind People, which represents the blind and partially sighted.
It told me of an employee who said, “I am newly employed and I am unable to fulfil my role.
It has been extremely stressful and frustrating”, and this is because of Access to Work.
Does the Minister agree that without having Access to Work in place within the first four weeks of someone entering work, it is incredibly difficult for them to maintain that position?
I am pleased that the hon.
Lady raises Access to Work, because it is extremely effective.
The grant can be there year in, year out and be up to a maximum of £66,000.
Along with other approaches, it has very much led to our meeting our employment goal for disabled people in half the time that we set in 2017—over a million more disabled people were in work by 2022.
What are the Government doing to use apprenticeships to help young people engage with the labour market, to tackle levels of economic inactivity and to give them the opportunities they need to get the careers that they want?
My right hon.
Friend raises economic inactivity, which is lower in our country than in the United States, France and Italy.
It is below the average of the OECD, the G7 and the European Union.
Apprenticeships play a very important part in producing those good figures, though there is of course always more to be done, not least through our approach of engaging extremely closely with employers, both at the national level and through our jobcentres.
As somebody who has fought really hard over the last four years to overcome the difficulties presented by long covid, I am sure that the Secretary of State will appreciate that a significant number of the people not in work because of health conditions will have some form of post-viral fatigue linked to long covid.
What assessment has he made of the effect of long covid on the workforce, and what is he doing to help people who have it get back to work?
The hon.
Gentleman specifically raises long covid, which is one of many health pressures in our society and post covid in many other countries that were also affected by the virus.
We have a number of approaches, including universal support, which places people in employment and gives them critical support for up to 12 months.
We also have WorkWell, and we are looking at occupational health and what tax incentives we might put in place to encourage employers to do more on that front.
We are doing a great deal.