On deterrence, which I think was the thrust of the question, the Albania scheme brought into effect by the Prime Minister back in December 2022 proves the deterrent effect.
Crossings on small boats by those from Albania were down 90% as a result of that agreement.
That shows the deterrent effect.
Lords amendment 6 completely undermines the purpose of the Bill.
It is unnecessary because the Bill already contains appropriate safeguards to allow decision makers and the courts to consider claims of an individual person in particular circumstances, if there is compelling evidence.
The House will know that I am the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief.
The people who go through the system and go to Rwanda need to have their religious beliefs protected, whether they be Christians, or belong  to other religions or no religion.
My concern is that when they get to Rwanda, that protection may not be as strong as that which they have here.
Can the Minister give some assurance that people’s religious beliefs will have the same protections?
I know how seriously the hon.
Gentleman takes this important issue.
There is a policy of non-discrimination in the Rwandan constitution, which will provide some reassurance.
The monitoring committee is also there on a daily basis.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
We have made it clear that we cannot continue to allow relocations to Rwanda to be frustrated and delayed as a result of systemic challenges on general safety.
On amendment 7, we need a strong deterrent to stop people putting their lives at risk by crossing the channel.
While creating that deterrent, it is important that the Government take decisive action also to deter adults from claiming to be children.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right that it is essential that protections are in place to ensure that adults do not masquerade as children, to safeguard all those concerned.
However, he will be aware, as was raised in the Lords, that the age assessment criteria were to be introduced in 2022—[Interruption.]
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster)  agree.
The criteria still have not come into effect at the border in Dover and Manston.
Will the Minister assist the House by explaining how there can be confidence about age assessment and how it can be gamed if the amendment is agreed?
I noted some vigorous nodding from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster) .
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to introduce scientific age assessments.
Our European and international friends and allies do so, and we must get that scheme up and running.
There is nothing in amendment 7 that directly affects that or the 2022 policy, so I encourage her to be reassured on that point.
I will take away her encouragement to expedite that and I am grateful for her intervention, because she is right.
My hon.
Friend anticipated my point that assessing age is inherently difficult and there are obvious safeguarding risks if adults purporting to be children are placed in the care system.
It is important that we take clear steps to deter adults from claiming to be children and to avoid lengthy legal challenges to age-assessment decisions to prevent the removal of those who have been assessed to be adults.
However, the amendment would result in treating differently those who are to be removed to Rwanda from those removed to another country.
We consider the provisions in place entirely necessary to safeguard genuine children and to guard against adults who seek to game the system by purporting to be children.
On Lords amendment 8, the House will be aware that the Home Office regularly publishes statistics on migration levels in the United Kingdom.
It is not necessary to report the number of removals to Parliament in the manner proposed.
We do not consider an obligation to report to Parliament on operational matters to be appropriate.
Reverting to the previous amendment on the facts that Parliament should be given, can the Minister confirm the reports in the paper that the Home Office is now seeking to pay people to go to Rwanda in order to fill the flights?
Can he also confirm that if people take up that Home Office proposal, they will be subject to exactly the same very substantial payments to the Rwandan Government?
Will they also be covered by the capacity questions in the treaty?
Respectfully, that is not directly relevant to amendment 8.
The answer to the question on voluntary removals is yes, this will happen in exactly the same way.
There have been voluntary removals—including 19,000 last year—all the way back to the dawn of time or possibly before.
There is nothing new.
The novel part is that there will be voluntary removals to Rwanda; that is absolutely right.
Specifically in relation to amendment 8, it is not necessary to report the number of removals to Parliament and we do not consider obligations to report to Parliament to be appropriate.
Will the Minister give way?
I am going to continue.
Amendment 9 would act to impede provisions already recently passed in the Nationality and Borders Act 2022 and the Illegal Migration Act 2023.
The amendment is unnecessary.
It is important to be clear that the Government of Rwanda have systems in place to safeguard relocated individuals with a range of vulnerabilities, including those concerning mental health and gender-based violence.
Furthermore, under article 13 of the treaty, Rwanda must have regard to information provided about relocated individuals relating to any specific needs that might arise as a result of their being a victim of modern slavery or human trafficking, and must take all necessary steps to ensure that those needs are accommodated.
In relation to amendment 10, the Government greatly value the contribution of those who have supported us and our armed forces overseas.
That is why there are legal routes for them to come to the United Kingdom.
It remains the Government’s priority to deter people from making dangerous and unnecessary journeys to the United Kingdom.
Anyone who arrives here illegally should not be able to make the United Kingdom their home and eventually settle here.
A person who chooses to come here illegally, particularly if they have a safe and legal route available to them, should be liable for removal to a safe country.