We are keen to do that.
AJS, to which my hon.
Friend refers, has been rolled out in parts of the country at six weeks, but shortly will be extended and strengthened for two weeks at the 13-week stage of the unemployment journey.
That is part of the more intensive conditions that we apply to ensure that we help—and in many circumstances, require—people to go back into work.
Some of the poorest people I know in my constituency work for themselves.
Hill farmers have seen a 41% drop in their income over the last four years.
The welfare system does not work for them, because they are paid less than the minimum wage.
Access to universal credit is less for them, because of the minimum income floor.
Will the Secretary of State urgently look at that, so that small business owners—especially hill farmers in my constituency —are not made even poorer because of the Government’s rules?
The hon.
Gentleman is right inasmuch as universal credit for the self-employed has to recognise the fact that sometimes there are inconsistent levels of income month to month.
That is why we have a minimum income floor and the arrangements around that.
I know he has a rural, agricultural constituency; I recognise some of those issues, and I am looking closely at them.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of his Department's support for vulnerable people who claim social security benefits.
[In British Sign Language: “Happy Sign Language Week everybody.”
] It is a key priority for the Department for Work and Pensions to provide effective support for our vulnerable customers.
We provide training on how to support customers’ mental health, and we have a six-point plan for supporting claimants who may be at risk of suicide or self-harm.
The DWP regularly reviews processes to make improvements through colleague and customer feedback, and through the work of the serious case panel.
The Government estimated that 3% of households on legacy benefits would fail to move to universal credit under managed migration.
However, by last December, 21% had not managed to do so and, as a result, had their benefits stopped.
This is a matter of real concern.
The DWP will now ask more vulnerable people who are wholly reliant on benefits to transfer.
What will the Government do to ensure that those vulnerable people do not fall out of the social security system?