The Minister will understand that many of us are deeply concerned that the Bill undermines the Good Friday agreement.
He has told us previously that it does not, but he will also know that the Irish Parliament has been considering this matter.
Indeed, on  20 February , the Irish Prime Minister admitted that the Irish Government were concerned and were following this debate closely.
For the avoidance of doubt, can the Minister tell us when the UK Government consulted the Irish Government about this legislation, and about our obligations under the Good Friday agreement?
What was the outcome of that consultation?
I am concerned with this Government and this Parliament.
As for our obligations, nothing in the Bill requires any act or omission that conflicts with our international obligations.
In fact, this Bill is based on compliance by both Rwanda and the United Kingdom with international law in the form of a treaty that recognises and reflects the international legal obligations of both the United Kingdom and Rwanda.
At least the Minister responds to our questions and tries to address the issues.
The last time I asked a question on this matter, he tried to answer it, but the fact is that because of Northern Ireland’s border with the Republic of Ireland, it has special circumstances.
We were reassured then about Northern Ireland’s circumstances;  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy)  referred to the Good Friday agreement, which is one example, but there is  also the matter before us.
Can the Minister confirm that the concerns that the Democratic Unionist party put forward in our last debate on this issue have been taken on board?
We do not see that from the legislation before us tonight, and if we do not see that, it will be hard for us to support the Government.
I do recall our earlier exchange across the Chamber, and the hon.
Gentleman may know of my exchange with his hon.
Friend  the Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  and the subsequent correspondence.
The Government continue to believe that there is no incompatibility between the Bill and article 2 of the Windsor framework.
I know the hon.
Gentleman has been concerned about that, but I hope he was reassured by some of the details set out in the letter.
I must say I am surprised that the Government are not concerned about the clash between the Bill and article 2 of the Windsor framework and the Northern Ireland protocol, given that the High Court in Belfast has ruled that legislation of this nature cannot apply in Northern Ireland because it is incompatible with the obligation in article 2 to accord with European law.
I understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s concerns, but I repeat that there is no incompatibility between article 2 and the Bill.
He is right to cite the judgment, but there is to be an appeal, so it would not be right to debate it further at this stage.
The Government’s position on this point is very clear, as set out in previous exchanges and also in the letter that is now in the House of Commons Library.
Rwanda cannot be deemed a safe country for refugees simply as a result of a unilateral declaration by the Government in the face of the courts and other independent organisations that have proved the contrary to be the case.
But let me get this straight: it will cost nearly £600 million for just 300 refugees to be sent on a plane to Rwanda, which amounts to an eye-watering £2 million cost per person to the public purse.
Does the Minister agree that that is precisely why this political gimmick of a Rwanda Bill is extortionate, unethical, unworkable and unlawful?
I disagree entirely with all the points that the hon.
Gentleman has made; I know that he is patient, and he will hear me respond to each and every one.
Like me, the Minister has always believed that immigration should be dealt with on a UK rather than a Great Britain basis, for obvious reasons.
Given the comments that we have just heard, does he agree that there is plenty of precedent within our own law for deeming certain claims for certain citizens inadmissible?
That has applied to the EU, and surely it is not a problem to extend it further, because we already have the principle that we can say  a claim is inherently unfounded when a country is clearly safe.
I agree entirely with my hon.
Friend, who speaks with great experience and authority.
He will be aware of other instances in which we have legislated and continue to legislate, and have deemed countries to be safe.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is making a good case for the importance of the Bill and the irrelevance of the amendments offered by the other place to what we are trying to achieve.
Does he agree that when people criticise the Bill on the ground of the cost of sending people to Rwanda, they entirely miss the point that this will act as a huge disincentive to people in families and communities, predominantly in the middle east, who fundraise vast sums of money in order for their children to arrive here in the UK and not end up in east Africa?
Does he also agree that the accusations based on cost hugely underestimate the actual cost of housing current illegal immigrants in hotels across the country?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right on both counts.
I will develop the point about the deterrent effect in a few moments, because it is a point that is missed repeatedly by the Labour Members.
He is also right about the cost, and the cost of not acting—not least the human cost of not acting.
rose— I am going to make some progress now.
The Bill is based on the compliance of both Rwanda and the United Kingdom with international law in the form of the treaty, which itself reflects the international legal obligations of both the UK and Rwanda.
Along with other countries with similar constitutional arrangements to ours, we have a dualist approach; international law is treated as separate to domestic law, and international law is incorporated into our law by Parliament, through legislation.
This Bill reflects the fact that Parliament is sovereign and can change domestic law as it sees fit, including, if it is Parliament’s judgment, by requiring a state of affairs or facts to be recognised.
That is the central feature of the Bill, and many other provisions are designed to ensure that Parliament’s conclusion on the safety of Rwanda is accepted by the domestic courts.
The treaty sets out the international legal commitments that the UK and Rwandan Governments have made, consistent with their shared standards associated with asylum and refugee protection.
We have made it abundantly clear that we assess Rwanda to be a safe country, and that we are confident in the Government of Rwanda’s commitment to the partnership in order successfully to offer safety and protection to those relocated under the treaty.
I am unable to accept Lords amendment 2 as is it simply not necessary.
Rwanda has a long and proud history of supporting and integrating asylum seekers and refugees into the region.
The Government of Rwanda, the African Union and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees signed an agreement to continue the operations of the emergency transit mechanism centre in Rwanda, which temporarily accommodates some of the most vulnerable refugee populations, who have faced trauma, detentions and violence.
Rwanda has showcased its willingness and ability to work collaboratively to provide solutions to refugee situations and to crises.
It is worth reflecting on the policy statement and some of the evidence that has been put forward in relation to this debate and previous debates, because there it is clear that the EU has announced a €22 million support package to the emergency transit mechanism.
The ambassador has said that it “is a crucial life-saving initiative to evacuate people…to safety in Rwanda.
It is a significant example of African solidarity and of partnership with the European Union.”
The point the Minister has not mentioned is that the European scheme is voluntary.
Are the Government intending the same sort of parameters within this scheme?
On the safety of Rwanda, the ambassador was very clear about his assessment; I am going to continue reading the quote, but there are others.
There are more than 135,000 refugees safely in Rwanda and being looked after.
The ambassador went on to say: “We are grateful to the Government of Rwanda for hosting these men, women and children until such time, durable solutions can be found.”
There is evidence of the safety of Rwanda.