The Minister says that he is accepting the word of the Rwandan Foreign Minister that the country is safe, yet our judges in the highest court of our country have decided that Rwanda is not safe—so is our Minister saying that the highest judges in our land are wrong?
No.
Respectfully, I encourage the hon.
Lady to listen to the debate, because I read out the words of the EU’s ambassador, not of any representative from Rwanda.
That is a powerful independent voice, which is why I cite it here in this Chamber.
The implementation of all measures within the treaty will be expedited.
Indeed, since our previous debate on this matter, the legislation required for Rwanda to ratify the treaty has passed through both Houses of the Rwandan Parliament.
Once ratified, the treaty will become law in Rwanda.
The implementation of these provisions in practice will be kept under review by the independent monitoring committee, whose role was enhanced by the treaty and which will ensure compliance with the obligations as agreed.
Does the Minister recall that the Supreme Court judgment hinged on the issue of refoulement and not on whether or not refugees were safe in Rwanda?
It might benefit some to have listened to its judgment.
I am grateful indeed to my hon.
Friend; I will turn to refoulement and non-refoulement, and that important issue, which is exactly the basis of the Supreme Court judgment, and how we have met it through evidence from subsequent to the time when the Supreme Court was looking at the facts on the ground.
The implementation of these provisions in practice will be kept under review by the independent monitoring committee.
As is stated clearly in clause 9 of the Bill, the provisions will come into force when the treaty enters into force, and the treaty enters into force once the parties have completed their internal procedures.
The Bill’s purpose is to make it clear that Rwanda is safe generally and that decision makers, as well as courts and tribunals, must conclusively treat it as such.
The amendment as drafted would open the door to lengthy legal challenges, which will delay removal.
It therefore follows that I cannot support the amendment.
We are confident in the Government of Rwanda’s commitment, and I am clear that Rwanda is a safe country.
I turn to Lords amendment 3, which is also unnecessary.
The Government will ratify the treaty only once we agree with Rwanda that all necessary implementation is in place for both countries to comply with the obligations under the treaty.
As I said, the legislation for Rwanda to ratify the treaty has now passed through both Chambers of the Rwandan Parliament.
Once ratified, the treaty will become law in Rwanda.
It therefore follows that the Government of Rwanda would be required to give effect to the terms of the treaty in accordance with their domestic law as well as in international law.
In relation to the monitoring committee, it was always intended that the committee be independent to ensure a layer of impartial oversight over the operation of the partnership.
Maintaining that committee’s independence is an integral aspect of the policy’s design.
The treaty enhances the role of the previously established independent monitoring committee and will ensure that obligations to the treaty are adhered to in practice.
The details of the monitoring committee are set out in article 15 of the treaty, and it, in turn, will report to a joint committee made up of both United Kingdom and Rwandan officials.
There will be daily monitoring of the partnership for at least the first three months—the enhanced period of time—to ensure rapid identification and response to any shortcomings.
The enhanced phase will ensure that there is comprehensive monitoring and reporting and that that takes place in real time.
The amendment risks disturbing the independence and impartiality of the monitoring committee and therefore should be resisted.
I turn to Lords amendments 4 and 5, and the issue of Rwanda’s safety.
We have already touched on this, but it is clear that the Bill’s purpose is to respond to the Supreme Court’s concern and enable Parliament to confirm the status of Rwanda as a safe third country to enable removal of those who arrive in the United Kingdom illegally.
To the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster) , it is the treaty, the Bill and the published evidence pack that together demonstrate that Rwanda is safe for relocated individuals and that the Government’s approach is tough but fair and lawful.
The Government are clear that we assessed Rwanda to be safe, and we have published evidence to substantiate that point.
With reference to the point made by the hon.
Member for Torbay about the basis of the Supreme Court’s decision, I am sure that, like me, the Minister will have read the decision carefully.
Does he agree that paragraphs 75 to 105 make it clear that there were three reasons for the Supreme Court’s decision?
It was based on evidence: first, about the general human rights situation in Rwanda; secondly, about the adequacy of Rwanda’s current asylum system; and thirdly, about Rwanda’s failure to meet its obligations in a similar agreement regarding asylum seekers with Israel in 2013.
Will he tell me what has  happened since the Supreme Court’s decision to improve the general human rights situation in Rwanda?
He will be aware that the Home Office published a 137-page document dated January this year detailing concerns about human rights in Rwanda.
In fact, that document supports the Government’s position, because the evidence put forward is balanced.
The accusations from Opposition parties that somehow partisan evidence has been put before the Chamber are completely wrong and are refuted by the hon.
and learned Lady’s own point.
She, as Chair of the Joint Committee on Human Rights, has just been to Rwanda to see for herself—we had an exchange on that last week—and I look forward to her Committee’s report.
The answer is the treaty, the Bill and the published evidence pack.
In the Bill is the conclusive presumption that Rwanda is generally a safe country.
My question was this: in January this year, the British Government, through the Home Office, published a 137-page document about the human rights situation in Rwanda, detailing serious concerns from such august bodies as the US State Department about the protection of human rights on the ground in Rwanda, so what has changed since the Home Office published that note in January?
The Minister has not answered that question.
If he cannot answer it, then this House cannot say that Rwanda is a safe country.
The answer is that the hon.
and learned Lady must not cherry-pick her evidence.
The evidence must be looked at in the round.
As I say, it is the treaty, the Bill and the published evidence together.
The hon.
and learned Lady may not have confidence in our international partners to abide by their treaties, but this Government do.
The Government of Rwanda will abide by their treaty.
Will the Minister give way?
I will not give way.
There is a conclusive presumption in the Bill that Rwanda is generally a safe country.
There is a series of facts reinforced by statute.
The courts have not concluded that there is a general risk to the safety of relocated individuals in Rwanda.
Rather, as we have repeatedly set out, the treaty responds to the Supreme Court’s findings.
The assurances we have had, since negotiated in our legally binding treaty with Rwanda, directly address the findings.
They make detailed provision for the treatment of relocated individuals in Rwanda, ensuring that they will be offered safety and protection with no risk of refoulement.
Respectfully, that responds directly to the points that were raised.
Is the Minister aware of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ comments?
It says: “UNHCR will build on the favourable protection environment through continued advocacy and technical support to” the Government of Rwanda.
It goes on to say that it is moving from a humanitarian approach to a developmental approach, so that people will be able to have the chance of a livelihood and a safe environment to build their life for the future.
Is this not exactly what Rwanda want to put across to people who find themselves there?
My hon.
Friend proves the point I just made, that it is the evidence in the round that must be considered.
I am grateful to him for drawing that to Parliament’s attention.
Will the Minister give way?
I have given way twice to the hon.
and learned Lady, so I will make progress.
We have been clear that the purpose of this legislation is to stop the boats, and to do that we must create a deterrent.
That goes to the point of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gloucester (Richard Graham) .
Will the Minister give way?
I have already given way to the hon.
Gentleman, so I will make progress.
That shows that if you enter the United Kingdom illegally, you will not be able to stay.
We cannot allow systematic legal challenges to continue to frustrate and delay removals.
Those Opposition Members who support this amendment do not mind if there are continuing legal challenges that frustrate and delay removals, but we on this side are not supporting the amendments.
It is right that the scope for individualised claims remains limited.
On that point about the deterrent, will the Minister give way?
No, I am going to move on to amendment 6.
Amendment 6 seeks to enable United Kingdom courts and tribunals to grant interim remedies.
As I have previously stated, one of the core principles of the Bill is to limit the challenges that can be brought against the general safety of Rwanda.
This amendment completely undermines the purpose of the Bill and is not necessary.