The Department for Work and Pensions has a staggering 288,000 outstanding PIP claims.
The average clearance time is currently 15 weeks.
People are waiting almost four months for a decision, which can have a significant impact on physical and mental health.
What is the Minister doing to improve clearance times, so that people are not left in limbo, worrying about whether they can afford the extra costs associated with their disability or long-term health condition?
The Government urgently need to get a grip.
Claimants’ satisfaction has remained above the service level of 90% or higher as of the three-month average that began in September 2016.
The end- to-end clearance time from registration to a decision being made is currently 15 weeks, which has been reduced from  26 weeks in August 2021.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady asked very gently what we are doing.
We have multi-channel assessments and I am engaging regularly with my officials twice a month to ensure that we are assessing the queues and the delays and, as I said at the start of this question, that we are treating everybody individually and in a tailored and suitable way.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of children in poverty.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of children in poverty.
We are reducing child poverty through the use of a large number of measures, not least ensuring that work pays, hence our increase in the national living wage in April and the reduction in the national insurance tax that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor announced recently.
A total of 100,000 children will be kept clear of poverty this year thanks to the Scottish Government’s policies—primarily the Scottish child payment.
Surely the Secretary of State must now look to rolling out some of our policies in other parts of the UK and, at the very least, ditch the two-child limit, which deliberately forces children into poverty.
The limit to which the hon.
Gentleman refers is there for a very good reason, which is that people in those circumstances should face the same basic decisions as those not on benefits.
That is an important matter of fairness across those who receive benefits as well as the many who are paying tax.
As for the number of children in poverty, that has fallen by 400,000 since 2010.
Many of those people are in work, Secretary of State.
Some £14 million has been paid to more than 10,000 children’s families in Renfrewshire thanks to the widely praised Scottish child payment.
Praise has come from the Institute for Public Policy Research Scotland, which says that the Scottish Government are making employment for parents central to their child poverty strategy, but it says that devolved employment support programmes are “held back by responsibility being split across governments and a reserved Jobcentre system which is more often focused on compliance than helping people reach their full potential.”
It recommends the full devolution of employment support to tackle child poverty.
Will the Secretary of State listen to the experts?
I am always very interested in listening to the hon.
Gentleman and any ideas that he has about how we should improve our welfare system, but I point to the fact that this country has seen a considerable drop in absolute child poverty, after housing costs, of 400,000 since 2010.
What correlation does the Secretary of State see between children in poverty and workless families?
Given that there is no age restriction on most apprenticeships, and today’s announcement that there will be 20,000 more apprenticeships and that the apprenticeship levy can be spent on greater numbers of contractors and sub-contractors, what opportunities does he see for his Department to highlight those opportunities for people who are of working age and who may have children in poverty?
My hon.
Friend refers to workless households.
He is absolutely right about the correlation: a child is five time more likely to be in poverty if they are growing up in a workless household.
He was right to draw attention to the announcement that has been made today about even greater investment in apprenticeships, and also the change in the way that the apprenticeship levy works so that supply chains can benefit to a greater degree.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I join the House in saying happy birthday to the Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds (Jo Churchill) ?
It should be a national holiday as far as I am concerned—perhaps that is an idea for a private Member’s Bill, or something similar.
I am pleased that, since the last questions, we have published our review into autism employment, and I place on record my thanks to my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  who did such excellent work in bringing that useful report forward.
Looking forward from April, we will see benefits generally rising by 6.7%, the state pension by 8.5%, the national living wage by around 10%, and the next tranche of the household support fund being brought forward.
As I have already set out, our plan is working.
It means more employment, historically low unemployment and an economic inactivity rate below countries such as the United States, France and Italy.
The economic inactivity rate is now very high, with 2.8 million people citing long-term sickness as a reason.
Some 17 million days of work are lost, at a cost of £13 billion to the economy.
Has the Secretary of State seen the Policy Exchange report published today, with policy proposals backed by two of his predecessors, David Blunkett and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Chloe Smith) ?
What steps are the Government taking to improve the provision of workplace health services through occupational health pathways and vocational rehabilitation, and will he consider the 15 proposals in the Policy Exchange report?
I will of course look closely at the report that my right hon.
Friend refers to; indeed, I reached out to him recently to invite him to the Department to discuss that and other matters.
With regard to long-term sickness and disability, we are working on an array of interventions, including occupational health support  within businesses; WorkWell, bringing together medical interventions with work coaches; universal support to help people into work, and to stay in work with that support; and fundamental reform of the work capability assessment, such that the OBR says that 371,000 fewer people will go on to those benefits going forward.