Today the Government are in Geneva defending their policies to the UN committee that is investigating the UK for breaches of the convention on the rights of persons with disabilities, including article 28 on the right of disabled people to social protection.
Given that drastically cutting disabled people’s social security support between 2012 and 2019 and austerity were found to be responsible for 148,000 avoidable deaths, how will the new wave of austerity announced in the Budget affect the health and wellbeing of disabled people?
I am pleased to have this opportunity to make it clear to the House that the Government are committed to the UN convention on the rights of persons with disabilities and we look forward to outlining the UK’s progress on advancing the rights of disabled people across this country.
Our national disability strategy and the disability action plan are delivering tangible progress.
This includes ensuring that disabled customers can use the services they are entitled to, as we have spelled out today.
Disabled people’s needs are better reflected in planning for emergencies as well.
We are making sure that this country is the most accessible and, importantly, equal place to live in the world.
I truly welcome and am personally grateful for my hon.
Friend’s support for my campaign for parity between mental and physical health in the workplace, and for the recent publication of the national suicide prevention strategy, which referenced two of the points I have been campaigning on.
I understand acutely that the Health and Safety Executive has worked hard on updating first aid guidance, and I would be grateful if the Minister could please update the House on this.
The DWP is also proudly committed to becoming a more trauma-informed organisation, and we will be world-leading on that.
I was pleased to see that in Hastings.
The HSE continues to work with us, as does the Department of Health and Social Care, to support the suicide prevention strategy for England.
I can confirm that the first phase of mental health guidance on the HSE website has been revised to include text that emphasises the importance of, and the need to consider, parity of risks to either mental or physical health.
What steps he is taking to help fill job vacancies in Banff and Buchan constituency.
The jobcentre team are providing a broad range of support, including partnering with Morrisons and the Co-op to fill local vacancies in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and delivering targeted outreach at Banff library with local providers.
My hon.
Friend is aware of the very low unemployment in Banff and Buchan and the difficulty in filling vacancies with local people, particularly in the food and drink sector.
The seafood sector in particular is still in a transition away from dependency on overseas workers, which could take some years.
What data can the DWP provide on the measures that local businesses have taken to maximise the employment of local people, and what other support can the Department offer to attract workers to areas of low unemployment such as Banff and Buchan?
There are the wages paid through the rise in the national living wage, my hon.
Friend’s local jobcentre and the range of access to support.
I am sure we will be discussing all these issues tomorrow at the roundtable with seafood processors that I will be attending along with the Minister for Legal Migration and the Border, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) .