On the day that the Met Office publishes its “State of the UK Climate” report for 2024, the Environment Secretary
and I want to share with the British people what we know about the scale of the crisis and explain the actions that we are taking in response.
We intend this to become an annual statement to Parliament.
Let me start by setting out what we know from the science.
According to the World Meteorological Organisation, the past decade has seen the 10 warmest years on record globally.
It says that long-term global warming, assessed by a range of methods, is estimated to be between 1.34°C and 1.41°C above pre-industrial levels, and last year was the first time we saw an individual year above 1.5°C.
Today’s Met Office report shows that, in line with what is happening globally, the UK’s climate is getting hotter and wetter, with more extreme events.
The central England temperature series shows that recent warmth has far exceeded any temperatures observed in at least 300 years.
Over the past 50 years, the number of days above 28°C has doubled, and the number of days above 30°C has trebled.
This spring was the UK’s warmest on record, beating the record broken last year.
Meanwhile, warming oceans and melting ice sheets have contributed to sea levels around the UK rising by 13.4 cm over the past three decades, and this is accelerating.
The science is unequivocal about why this is happening.
As the Met Office said this morning: “This…is not a natural variation in our climate…human emissions of greenhouse gasses are warming the atmosphere and changing the weather we experience”.
We know that climate change and nature loss are fundamentally linked and contribute to each other.
Globally, we are losing species at a much faster rate than at any other time in human history.
Here in Britain, a quarter of our mammals and nearly half of our bird species are currently at risk of extinction, with birds such as starlings, turtle doves and grey partridges under threat.
The abundance of species in England has fallen by an estimated third since 1970, and Britain has become one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world.
The impacts of extreme weather and nature loss are not simply a future threat to our country; they are already here and having impacts on our way of life.
We know that heavy rainfall made last year’s harvest the second worst in at least four decades, costing farmers hundreds of millions of pounds.
According to the Environment Agency, more than half of our best agricultural land and over 6 million properties in England are already at risk of flooding.
According to the UK Health Security Agency, there were more than 10,000 excess deaths—10,000 people losing their lives—during English heatwaves between 2020 and 2024.
As we know from recent events, rising temperatures place pressures on every aspect of our national life.
We have seen this again over the past few days, with incidents of wildfires from Surrey to Scotland, disruption due to trains overheating, and hosepipe bans announced in Yorkshire, Kent and Sussex.
The climate crisis is also a  massive threat to our economy; the Office for Budget Responsibility’s “Fiscal risks and sustainability” report, published last week, says that the damage caused by climate impacts in a near-3°C world is forecast to cut our GDP by 8% by the early 2070s.
Based on current GDP, that will be roughly £200 billion.
These are uncomfortable, sobering facts, and we should make no mistake: we must act on the climate and nature crisis to protect our British way of life, because no sector or part of our society is immune from those risks.
Unfortunately, all the evidence suggests that this is just the start of the threat we face.
I want to acknowledge in particular the anxieties that many young people feel about these issues.
My candid message to them is this: yes, there are real reasons to worry about the world they will inherit, but we can do something about it.
Every fraction of a degree of warming that we prevent, and every step we take to preserve nature, helps to limit the severity of impacts and protect our country from irreparable harm.
It is our generations today who have a unique opportunity to act, because unlike previous generations, we can see the evidence of the climate and nature crisis all around us, yet we still have time to limit the worst effects.
The only answer is to reduce emissions, protect and restore nature and adapt to the impacts that are now inevitable.
Let me take those in turn.
To those who doubt whether Britain can have any impact on the pathway of global emissions, the lesson of history is that we can.
Before the Paris climate agreement was negotiated 10 years ago, the world was on course for 4ºC of global warming.
Now, national commitments imply 2.6ºC of global warming, or below 2ºC if countries meet their full climate targets.
We remain way off track from where we need to be as a world, but we in this country have helped make a difference across parties.
In 2008, this House came together to pass the world’s first Climate Change Act.
That was under a Labour Government, supported by Lord Cameron, the Conservative party and parties across the House.
Now, thanks to the power of our example, nearly 60 countries have similar legislation.
In 2019, under Baroness May, the UK became the first major economy to legislate for net zero by 2050, supported by the Labour party and parties across this House.
Now, in part thanks to the actions at COP26 in Glasgow, including the leadership of Lord Sharma as COP president, some 80% of global GDP is covered by net zero commitments.
In 2021, England became the first country to introduce a legal duty to halt species decline by 2030, led by Boris Johnson and supported by parties across the House.
Now, 196 countries are signed up to the global biodiversity framework to halt and reverse nature loss.
The lesson is clear.
The choices we make as a country influence the course of global action and, in doing so, reduce the impact of the climate and nature crisis on future generations in Britain.
To those who say that Britain cannot make a difference, I say, “You are wrong.
Stop talking our country down.
British leadership matters.”
We also know that climate and nature action has huge potential upsides, and not just for future generations.
It has the potential for better lives today in energy security, lower bills, cleaner air, good jobs, better health and wellbeing, and improved access to nature.
This Government believe in sticking to our traditions as a country of  climate and nature leadership.
Indeed, turning away now, at this moment of all moments, when the threat and opportunity are clearer than ever, would be the greatest dereliction of duty and betrayal of future generations.
That is why one of the Government’s five missions is to achieve clean power by 2030 and to accelerate to net zero across the economy.
It is why at COP29 we announced a 1.5ºC-aligned target for 2035, based on legislation passed under the last Conservative Government.
It is why we are driving forward on our commitment to protect 30% of our land and seas for nature and to halt species loss by the end of the decade.
It is why we made the most significant investment in clean energy, climate and nature in the UK’s history at the spending review, which will drive jobs across the country.
Because the actions we need are not just about Government, we are also determined to help communities take climate and nature action in their own area, whether that is driving the expansion of local and community-owned clean energy projects through Great British Energy or supporting mayors and local government to accelerate action.
At COP30 and beyond, we are determined once again to use the power of our example to work with others to uphold the objectives of the Paris agreement, including with ambitious climate targets, action to accelerate the clean energy revolution and the protection of nature and forests.
As I have said, action on emissions is not enough on its own.
We must also protect the British people from the impacts that we already see, and sadly, the greater impacts that we are likely to see in the future.
This work, led by my right hon.
Friend the Environment Secretary, requires action across society, from homes and buildings to critical infrastructure and our natural environment.
We are now delivering Britain’s largest ever flood defence programme, investing £7.9 billion over the next decade in flood barriers and nature-based solutions such as wetland restoration.
That comes alongside pioneering local nature recovery strategies, with measures such as tree planting and peat restoration, which deliver adaptation and nature recovery together.
In my Department, as we drive forward our plan to upgrade millions of homes, we have consulted on expanding the boiler upgrade scheme to include air-to-air heat pumps, which can offer cooling as well as heating.
However, I must be candid with the House: we know that this is just the beginning of the reckoning that we need on how our country needs to adapt across all parts of society in the years to come, and this Government are determined to put climate resilience at the heart of our decision-making.
We have been at our best in the House when we have worked across parties on these issues.
I want to thank  the hon.
Member for South Cotswolds (Dr Savage)  for introducing the Climate and Nature Bill, and my hon.
Friends the Members for Sheffield Hallam (Olivia Blake) and for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel) for our discussions earlier this year in the run-up to that Bill, as well as the other co-sponsors, who highlighted the need for today’s statement.
Let me also take this opportunity to pay tribute to current and former Members across the House for their tireless advocacy on climate and nature.
The safety of our citizens, our natural world and the country that we pass on is not a Labour cause, a Conservative cause, or the cause of any other party; it is a British cause, a cause of us all, and a cause that requires all of us to consider our responsibilities to the generations of today and the generations to come.
I commend this statement to the House.
It is a rare pleasure to see the Secretary of State at the Dispatch Box today, given that he turned down the opportunity to defend his plan for clean power by 2030 or the report from the National Energy System Operator that was published earlier in the year.
Perhaps that is why we are being given a slightly longer statement than usual, making up for missed opportunities.
However, we welcome the Met Office’s report, which makes for interesting reading.
I think we can all attest to the fact that Britain today is warmer than it was before.
We all agree that the challenge of the changing climate is vast, and it is one of many challenges facing the United Kingdom today, but I must tell the House and the right hon.
Gentleman that ridiculous statements such as that made this morning by the Environment Secretary, labelling opponents of net zero “unpatriotic”, is as offensive as it is risible, and does nothing to advance the cause.
I must also express my growing sense of unease, and that of many others, about the language emanating from those surrounding this Secretary of State, accusing anyone who dares to question the policies or plans being worked on by his Department of being “deniers” or being supportive of an “end to our British way of life”.
We need to bring back a sense of rationality, or proportion, to this debate, because out there, language such as this is alienating more and more people from the important cause of ensuring that the planet we pass on to our children and their children is in a better state than the one we have inherited.