On Friday, the BBC interviewed an Egyptian economic migrant in Calais who said that he had tried and failed four times to cross the channel but, since the Prime Minister’s agreement with President Macron, he was giving up: “I don’t want to go to Britain any more, because they are making it much harder for us.
Every time we try, they deflate our boats and remove the engine.
If they make it even harder, I’ll stop trying.”
Does that not prove that this new deal to send migrants back to France can be a genuine deterrent, unlike the last Government’s pathetic attempt to claim credit?
I am grateful to have secured today’s Adjournment debate on an issue that affects communities across the country: the condition of our roads.
Although I will focus on the situation in Cheshire and in my constituency of Chester South and Eddisbury, and on what I believe is a failure by local authorities to get to grips with the issue, I will begin by setting the context and reflecting on the broader systemic problems with how we repair and maintain our road network.
The Public Accounts Committee recently published a report on the condition and maintenance of local roads in England.
It shows that this problem is widespread; that the Department for Transport does not have a good grasp of the real condition of local roads in England; and that funding arrangements to local authorities are likely to be pushing them to focus spending on short-term, reactive work.
In my view, this reactive rather than proactive approach to road maintenance in Cheshire urgently needs to change.
Instead of neglected routes being identified and tackled, particularly in rural areas, we see a pattern of piecemeal catch-ups on individual potholes rather than long-term, cost-effective repairs that offer real value for money.
At Fletton Quays in my constituency, managed by Gateway Properties, leasehold residents are reporting that service charges have increased by as much as 150% in the last two years.
Flats are under warranty and faults should be fixed by Western Homes, which built the property, but instead are being fixed by Gateway, which has increased the service charge and, I understand, has even been sending separate bills on top.
I know that the Government have been keen to address issues relating to high service charges and the need for financial transparency for leaseholders; can the Secretary of State provide an update on that work?