However, that is not the only thing we need to take into account.
We must take into account deprivation and the ability of a council to raise money at a local level.
Daytime visitor numbers are also a factor, where a council is not getting a tax take from those visitors but there is a public service take on the other side.
Importantly, we must consider the ability of a local authority to raise tax at a local level to meet the demand.
It is the Government’s job to act as an equaliser in the system.
It is absolutely right that funding follows need, but may I gently urge the Minister to look at how the proposed new funding formula for local authorities affects boroughs across London, given that it does not consider housing costs, which we know are the biggest driver of poverty and deprivation in London?
We are in a consultation now, so we are willing and ready to hear representations, but many people—I am not accusing the hon.
Member of this—have jumped to conclusions based on headlines that are not supported by the evidence when we track where money ultimately goes.
All the matters that she rightly said need to be taken into account are taken into account.
In the consultation, we have included the cost of temporary accommodation in the base formula for the first time ever, so she will find that outer-London boroughs in particular will benefit from that.
So far, they have been underappreciated for the cost of that pressure.
What plans she has to increase community involvement in the planning process.
What plans she has to increase community involvement in the planning process.
The Government strongly encourage broad community engagement in the planning process, and we want to see greater public participation in the development of local plans in particular.
We are currently exploring new ways to increase and enhance community engagement in the planning process, including by improving access to planning data through its digitisation.
I am sure the Minister agrees it is vital that local residents’ concerns are properly listened to, especially on major planning decisions.
Having listened to many constituents in places such as New Deer, Kintore and Rothienorman who are facing huge amounts of energy infrastructure, I tabled an amendment to the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that would have created a statutory duty of consultation for infrastructure in Scotland.
In Committee, the Minister argued against it and said that the Scottish Government’s discretionary power was satisfactory.
Will he please explain why the Government believe that a discretionary power, which my constituents fear will simply be ignored, provides meaningful engagement while the statutory right that I proposed would not?
I can do no better than to draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to the extensive remarks that I made in the Bill Committee.
In Towcester, when the DHL development was going through planning, more than 1,100 residents submitted objections to the council, thousands signed petitions, I spoke on their behalf as their MP against the plans and locally elected councillors voted 11 to one against it at the strategic planning committee meeting, but it was ultimately approved on appeal.
Residents, naturally, are losing faith in engaging in the system.
The Minister referred in a written question to there being a more democratic plan-led system taking in larger numbers of voices.
In our case, how many more residents would need to be involved to have an impact?
I think that the hon.
Lady—if I followed her argument—was speaking about objections lodged to an individual planning application.
We are making no changes to that process.
Residents all over  the country will still be able to object to any planning application that comes forward.
We are making sensible changes to improve the certainty and speed at which planning decisions will be taken, with a two-tier approach —a consultation is live at the moment to which she can offer input—but when it comes to local plans, which are a slightly separate issue, we are looking to encourage greater participation upstream.
Local plans are the best means by which local communities can shape the development coming forward in their area.
In Hartlepool, the Tees Valley Mayor’s development corporation has removed planning powers for large swathes of the town from all democratic control.
In turn, much of the planning function has been outsourced to a private company with no connection to Hartlepool, which is ruling out any community involvement.
Will the Minister look at curbing the powers of development corporations so that planning remains in the hands of democratically elected politicians?
I note my hon.
Friend’s concerns in relation to the Tees Valley.
In general, we are looking to streamline the powers given to development corporations—we took measures in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill to allow them, for example, to shape transport in areas—but if he wants to write to me or Ministers to raise more of the specifics of that case, we would be more than happy to take a look.