In reply to an earlier question, the Planning Minister said that he wanted to increase the number of people who engage in the preparation of local plans.
He will know that even if that number was doubled, it would still be a small proportion of the local community.
When applications are being considered, local communities want them to be decided and determined by local authorities with minimal central input.
Will the Minister guarantee that local authorities will continue to have that power?
Under our proposals in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill for a national scheme of delegation, it will still be local planning authorities that make recommendations and decisions.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know if he looks at the consultation, all we propose is a two-tier system in which a set of minor applications go to expert local planning officers.
A separate tier can go to a planning committee, where the chair of planning and the chief planning officer decide that that is the case.
Again, I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to respond to the consultation.
We are seeing massive investment in the regeneration of Derby city centre, including the opening of a new entertainment venue and the reopening of our market hall, which is bursting with small and independent businesses.
Regeneration also means ensuring that our city feels safe, welcoming and inclusive.
Will the Minister tell us how the Department is working with the Home Office to ensure that our cities and towns are thriving and safe?
My hon.
Friend is tempting a Member of Parliament for Nottingham to say something nice about Derby, which is slightly challenging for my prospects when I go home on Thursday.
I do recognise the characterisation of the exciting plans ahead for Derby,  and I share exactly her point on policing.
We can have the most vibrant community possible, but people will not participate unless they feel safe.
We are talking with the Home Office, and I would tell my hon.
Friend to watch this space.
Last week, Hurstpierpoint’s former Methodist church received permission to be converted into flats, despite the parish council registering it as an asset of community value and expressing its sincere wish to purchase it.
Does the Minister think that the regulations for assets of community value are fit for purpose?
How can they be improved?
No, we do not think that the regulations are fit for purpose, which is why we are planning to amend them through the Bill that we published last week.
The “New life for city buildings” project in Truro is breathing new life into empty high street buildings and redeveloping them.
I would love for the Minister to be able to see this for himself, so will he consider coming to Truro and attending our growth summit on  18 September ?
I do not have my diary for  18 September  in front of me, but I do owe my hon.
Friend a visit, and I will definitely make such a visit.