There has been a 66% reduction in new affordable housing starts in London under Mayor Khan, and I note that Hillingdon Labour vigorously opposes the Conservative council’s plans for a new affordable housing site at Otterfield Road in Yiewsley.
Will the Secretary of State condemn the failings of these Labour politicians on housing, and will she acknowledge that whether someone is a homeless person, a rough sleeper or an aspirational first-time buyer, this Government are failing those in housing need?
I find that absolutely astonishing when the Conservatives failed to meet their housing targets year after year.
The Mayor of London has welcomed the money through the affordable homes programme.
There is the amount of money we have given, and we are permitted to increase rents by CPI plus 1%.
We are consulting on rent conversion, when the Conservatives prevented social landlords from being able to raise the money to provide the social housing that we desperately need.
We are making the changes to get social housing where they failed miserably.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of allowing local authorities to end the right to buy in their areas.
The Government do not intend to abolish the right to buy, either nationally or by giving local areas discretion to do so.
We want to ensure that council tenants who have lived in and paid rent on their social  homes for many years can retain the opportunity to own their home.
We are, however, progressing fundamental reform of the scheme to better protect much-needed social housing stock, boost council capacity and ensure that more social homes are built than lost.
My Somerset councillor colleagues have for decades steadfastly protected and managed our stock of council houses, which has declined through right to buy from tens of thousands a number of years ago to only 6,000 now.
While I welcome the recent attention to this issue by the Deputy Prime Minister and the Minister, is it not time that communities decide for themselves whether to sell off council houses at all?
Although I respect the hon.
Gentleman and his views, we have a principled difference of opinion on this matter.
As I have made clear, the Government’s considered view is that long-standing council tenants should be able to buy the homes that they have lived in for many years.
I hope, however, that the right-to-buy reforms that we have made and announced today—reduced maximum cash discounts, allowing councils to retain 100% of receipts and exempting newly built social homes from the right to buy for 35 years—will create a fairer and more sustainable scheme.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I was pleased that the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill had its First Reading last Thursday.
That landmark Bill will bring a radical reset to local government, deliver on our manifesto commitment to decentralise power, ignite regional growth with streamlined powers for mayors, and speed up new homes and infrastructure.
It will empower communities to take back control of their beloved pubs and shops, helping local leaders to deliver a decade of national renewal, as promised in the plan for change.
I and my Liberal Democrat colleagues welcome the provisions in the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill, which recognise that first past the post is an unrepresentative electoral system.
That is a welcome first step—although we would prefer alternative voting for mayoral elections—but if the Government admit that first past the post is not suitable for mayoral elections, why do they maintain that it is suitable for general elections?
Let me cover that point.
Mayors serve many millions of people and manage multimillion-pound budgets, yet can be elected by just a fraction of the vote under the previous Government’s changes—despite the fact that the supplementary vote system had worked effectively for over a decade.
Given that the large populations that mayors and police and crime commissioners represent far exceed those represented by parliamentarians, we think that this is the right approach.
Despite decades of hard work, not least by the Birnbeck Regeneration Trust, the restoration of Weston-super-Mare’s nationally important Birnbeck pier is now at risk after the Royal National Lifeboat Institution pulled out, leaving a £5 million shortfall.
Will the Minister outline how the Government might support the project, and will he meet me urgently to discuss next steps to restore that vital part of my town’s soul?
I recognise the efforts of the Birnbeck Regeneration Trust.
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner for his community.
We announced support for 350 communities at the spending review, and further details will follow, but I would be delighted to meet him to speak about Birnbeck in particular.