The chair of the working group on anti-Muslin hatred/Islamophobia, Dominic Grieve, who was appointed by the Secretary of State, has previously stated a preference for a definition of Islamophobia that would shut down talk of religion in cases like the grooming gangs scandal.
All other members of that committee—again, appointed by the Secretary of State—are adherents of the Muslim faith.
Does the Secretary of State not share our concerns that their report and recommendations will be seen as predetermined and biased?
No, I do not.
There is no blasphemy law in this country because the previous Labour Government got rid of it, whereas the Conservative party had kept it on the statute book for years.
We will always protect free speech, including the right to criticise religions.
That kind of incendiary language is beneath the shadow Secretary of State.
Incendiary language?
I was merely stating the facts; that is the reality.
The right hon.
Lady is right in one regard: freedom of speech is on the line.
The current position is that the report will be for Government eyes only, and that the decision on a definition will be taken in private.
Will she at least commit to making the full report publicly available so that it can be scrutinised in the House and elsewhere before a decision is taken?
As set out in the terms of reference, the independent working group will submit its findings to Ministers.
We will then consider its recommendations and set out the next steps.
I urge Members to let the independent group get on with its work.
If the shadow Secretary of State has views, he should feed them in as part of the call for evidence.
Residents in parts of East Cleveland are rightly sick of unscrupulous landlords dumping individuals with serious criminal histories in our villages.
Will the Department support my call for the council to introduce selective licensing in the area, and what further support can the Secretary of State offer to help us take back control of our villages?
The Government support selective licensing as a tool to tackle the impact of poor housing management on local communities.
The general approval that we granted in December gives councils full powers to introduce schemes, regardless of their size.
My hon.
Friend’s own authority will have heard loud and clear his call for it to consider doing so.