The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
We do work with the devolved nations, not just to show them what we are doing, but to learn from them.
We have seen that the housing situation is not an England-only situation; the issues affect the whole of the UK, and we all need to learn from each other.
Hopefully, the reforms that we are bringing through will be informed by the devolved nations, but we will also have some learnings for them.
We need to work together in lockstep to protect people, wherever they are in the United Kingdom.
What steps her Department is taking to help support housing associations in the timely remediation of unsafe properties.
In June, we announced over £1 billion of investment to accelerate cladding remediation by giving social landlords the same access to Government remediation schemes as  that afforded to private building owners.
We will shortly publish revised guidelines on how to access the funding, and a joint plan with social landlords and regulators, in order to accelerate remediation and improve resident experience.
May I thank the Minister and his Department for pushing forward Awaab’s law?
It cannot come soon enough, especially the 24-hour deadline for dealing with mould and damp, and especially for my constituent Yasmin, who has been living in an unacceptable situation with very young children for four years.
However, I have real concerns about how ready housing associations are to implement the regulations, which are coming in very soon, in October.
I have raised this issue with the National Housing Federation, but what assessment has the Minister made of housing associations’ ability to fully comply with all the regulations under Awaab’s law by October, so that we can ensure that all my constituents can live in a safe and healthy environment?
First of all, may I say how sorry I am to hear that my hon.
Friend’s constituent Yasmin has been living in those conditions for so long?
We have published draft guidance for social landlords to make sure that they understand the requirements under Awaab’s law.
As my hon.
Friend would expect, we are working very closely with them to support their operational readiness.
We took a phased approach, but we are encouraging social landlords to act now.
They should raise any concerns with us now, so that we can consider how to best support them.
In the meantime, they must meet their existing legal obligations.
On the importance of enforcing Awaab’s law, there are homes in my constituency that are damp, mouldy and publicly owned, but not by housing associations; they are owned by the hospitals trust, and include accommodation for nurses and their families.
Can the Minister clarify the remit of this law, and the extent of his power and control in this area?
Will he urge all public sector landlords to make sure that they comply with Awaab’s law, so that our nurses can bring up their families in places that are safe, clean and decent?
I do not think it is any secret that I, the Deputy Prime Minister and the Housing Minister are very hard on all our partners, including the public sector, in order to make sure that they do their job.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important concern, and the Housing Minister will write to him on it.
What steps her Department is taking to increase housing delivery.
The Government’s plan for change includes a hugely ambitious target of building 1.5 million new homes in England in this Parliament.
In the 12 months we have been in office, we have taken decisive steps to boost housing supply, including overhauling the national planning policy framework and introducing the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, which will further streamline the delivery of new homes, as well as critical infrastructure.
It is welcome to once again have a Government who believe in house building.
I thank the Minister for his comments.
When I speak to house builders, one of the issues they raise with me is the performance of the Building Safety Regulator.
Shovel-ready projects that have planning permission are delayed at gateway 2, and checks that should take a matter of weeks are taking months, if not years.
What is the Department doing to manage the performance of the regulator, ensure it has the resources it needs, and hold it to account, so that we get spades in the ground as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the operation of the Building Safety Regulator, which, while essential to upholding building safety standards, is causing delays in handling applications for building projects, and is having an impact on new supply in London.
I hope he will take comfort not only from the £2 million the Government allocated to the BSR in February, but from the targeted package of reforms we announced last month, including the establishment of a new fast-track process to reduce delays and strengthen leadership and governance.
The Government promised to increase housing delivery through grey-belt, not green-belt, development.
Grey belt was described as “poor quality land, car parks and wasteland.”
However, since the new guidance was published, Hertsmere has been inundated with applications that simply seek to rebrand green belt as grey belt.
The lack of clarity and the inconsistent application of the rules mean that such applications are hard to resist.
Will the Minister provide greater clarity and tighten the rules before large swathes of Radlett, Bushey, Shenley, Potters Bar and Borehamwood succumb to urban sprawl?