Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Cornwall is desperate to access the highest level of devolution, but because of our national minority status, Cornwall cannot and will not join a mayoral combined authority.
Before this House is asked to vote on a devolution Bill that discriminates against the people of Cornwall, will the Secretary of State meet me and colleagues to discuss a Cornwall-only devolution deal?
My hon.
Friend will know that, for the right reasons, we have put a significant amount of energy and time into meeting parliamentarians from across the House to discuss those local issues.
Absolutely, we will meet; that will probably be the sixth meeting that we have had with Cornish MPs on this issue.
We understand, respect and are investing in the Cornish identity, but we also need to ensure that the devolution agenda moves on at pace and that every part of England can realise its full potential.
I am more than happy to meet on that basis.
A new report by Crisis shows that only 2.6% of rental properties in my area of Leicester South are affordable to those on local housing allowance.
That is a real-terms cut as rents soar, because the Government have frozen housing benefit until 2026.
Will the Secretary of State explain how that freeze aligns with the Government’s aim of  reducing homelessness, and will the Government urgently review the cap so that people can afford to keep a roof over their heads?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my earlier answer: this Government have invested nearly £1 billion to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.
As the Secretary of State has pointed out, we are dealing with the root causes of homelessness.
That means investing billions of pounds to ensure that some 300,000 social and affordable homes are created over the decade, so that we can get people into the housing that is urgently needed.
Last week, nearly 3,000 people across Stafford borough were told at short notice that Homes Plus, one of our housing associations, is effectively scrapping the current housing waiting list.
It also said that nearly 2,000 people no longer had a housing need, but it has not explained how it has come to that conclusion.
People are confused, angry and scared.
Does the Minister agree that this is unacceptable, and will he meet me to help me find a way forward for those who have been left in limbo?
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend about that concerning development.
If she could write to me with the details in advance, that would be extremely useful.
It is my understanding that South Hams district council is in an arguably more sound fiscal position than the neighbouring Plymouth city council.
What can the Secretary of State say to reassure me that local government reorganisation will not mimic either a forced marriage or a bad marriage where the fiscally prudent one bails out the other?
We are now in a statutory process for local government reorganisation, and Devon will submit its final proposals to us by the end of November.
We do not want to pre-empt those or say anything that will direct them, but I assure the hon.
Member that there will be a consultation on the proposals that meet the threshold, and we will hear from that what local people say.
I know that reducing deprivation is a cause close to the hearts of all Ministers.
What view do they have on the extent to which high housing costs contribute to deprivation and should be taken into account when we consider funding for our local councils?
We are in the consultation period for the fair funding review 2.0 until  15 August .
The issue of housing costs being taken into account when we judge deprivation has been raised by Members previously, but I encourage all Members of the House and people beyond it to submit their responses to the consultation.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister guarantee that no Muslim Brotherhood affiliates will participate in the consultation on the definition of Islamophobia?
We have the terms of reference, and we have the consultation that is going on at the moment.
I am not going to provide a running commentary on the work of the independent group.
The Government have a non-engagement policy with the MCB, and that position has not changed.
City of York council is the lowest funded unitary authority, but under the fair funding review we do not fare any better.
Can the Minister extend the consultation guidelines?
These are complex issues.
Will he meet our council to look at the impact of the review?