The Secretary of State calls this “radical truth telling”, but I am afraid that he is not being honest with the British people about the impact of the Government’s plans on the climate, bills and jobs, or about the sacrifices it demands.
The Leader of the Opposition has been very clear: chasing “Net Zero by 2050” is unachievable without making the country worse off.
That is the truth.
Global warming is a global issue, which we cannot face alone.
The global climate challenge will not be solved by the UK alone, and it cannot be solved on the backs of British workers or British bill payers.
Order.
We need to be careful about what we say.
I think that the hon.
Gentleman has suggested that the Secretary of State was not honest, and I think we are all honest Members here.
I completely agree, Mr Speaker, and I apologise if I insinuated the opposite in any way.
The UK accounts for less than 1% of global emissions.
That is also the truth.
In fact, now that I come to think of it, it is rather shameful that the Secretary of State should be using this report from the Met Office as cover, while ratcheting up the language and increasing the shrill criticism of all who question the Department and its policies, all to distract from the fact that the plans mean that Britain will be poorer and that no one  looking at how we are decarbonising could ever claim that this is a model to follow.
We are proud to have been a world leader— Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Members do not give way when making or responding to a statement.
We are proud to have been a world leader, but it is not a race if no one else is running.
If we are leading the way, we need to make sure that it is a path that others will follow.
We must decarbonise in a way that creates energy security and prosperity, rather than forcing industry abroad and impoverishing British people.
Why is that so hard for the Labour party to understand?
We see in the Met Office’s report that the demand for cooling has approximately doubled—a strong case for introducing more air conditioning into homes, which would improve comfort and reduce the burden on the health system during heatwaves.
Although I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to expand the boiler upgrade scheme to include air-to-air heat pumps, which, as he says, offer cooling as well as heating, may I urge him to speak to the Mayor of London and get the ridiculous restrictions on air conditioning units in newbuilds in London removed?
We must move away from this poverty mindset on reducing energy usage.
Paying for solar panels to be switched off, while refusing to absorb the excess demand to cool homes, is truly ridiculous.
It is time to take the global scale and nature of this challenge seriously.
Offshoring manufacturing, like ceramics, does not solve global warming, but it does make Britain poorer and Brits unemployed.
To build this Government’s 1.5 million new homes, we will use more bricks that at any time since the second world war, but thanks to this Government, fewer than ever before will be made here in Britain.
While the Secretary of State admired the fast-paced build out of new renewable generation, new nuclear and low-carbon energy on an unseen scale on his recent visit to the People’s Republic of China, perhaps he was able to reflect on the factors enabling that: the opening of two new coal-fired power stations every week, and the cost of industrial energy in China being less than a third of our domestic cost.
We cannot innovate, manufacture, and create growth and prosperity while our energy costs are killing manufacturing.
I am afraid that this Government’s plans will drive up the underlying cost of energy for industry, and Britain will pay the price.
Only a year ago, Labour candidates were trotting out lines on how they would cut bills by £300.
Since then, network charges, which account for 22% of an energy bill, have risen by over £100 as a result of the rush to build out the grid for new renewables.
Cornwall Insights, an independent energy analyst, has called for the Secretary of State to be “transparent about what the money is being spent on”.
Its principal consultant has urged the Secretary of State to be honest with the public about the impact of net zero policy costs on bills.
Of course, a clean, secure and reliable power source exists in the form of nuclear.
We welcome the announcements of the commitment to Sizewell C and the small modular reactor programme, but the lack of ambition, the refusal to commit to a third gigawatt-scale reactor—preferably  on Anglesey—the decision to decommission the UK’s stockpile of plutonium, the selection of only one small modular reactor technology, and the refusal to repeat the 24 GW ambition that we set out for the nuclear industry are frustrating.
We could do so much more.
Will the Secretary of State commit to protecting Wylfa for a new gigawatt-scale reactor in the future?
It is indeed time for a policy of radical honesty.
Global warming is a global challenge, and I am afraid the Secretary of State’s plans will have a negligible, or even negative, impact on global emissions.
Sadly, he is driven by ideology, not by the practicalities of facing this challenge while growing the economy.
We are telling the difficult truths; the Government are running from reality.
I will be honest, Mr Speaker: I just feel incredibly sad when I listen to the hon.
Gentleman—and not in a good way.
The trouble is that we are now in a situation in which the shadow Secretary of State goes into hiding when there is a statement about the climate crisis, because it is just too embarrassing to try to articulate the Opposition’s position.
The central chasm at the heart of the hon.
Gentleman’s response is that he and his colleagues have taken the decision to abandon 20 years of bipartisanship on climate.
Theresa May’s promise to deliver net zero by 2050 was one of the great strides forward, but he is now trashing that and saying it was a disaster.
Let us be honest: it is grossly irresponsible.
We are expected to believe that the Conservatives oppose net zero because they know, 25 years in advance of the target, that it cannot be achieved, but they cannot possibly know that.
Indeed, the Climate Change Committee says exactly the opposite in its latest report.
The hon.
Gentleman says he is worried about costs, but all the evidence suggests that delaying action costs more, not less.
The CCC says net zero will cut energy bills and the cost of motoring.
We do not even know whether the Conservatives want a net zero target at all, or no net zero target ever.
The hon.
Gentleman said something the other week—I read his interviews with care in my spare time—about reaching net zero by 2050 not being based on the science, but he is absolutely wrong.
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says: “In model pathways with no or limited overshoot of 1.5°C, global net anthropogenic CO2 emissions decline by about 45% from 2010 levels by 2030…reaching net zero around 2050”.
The point is that net zero was a target that Theresa May adopted, driven by the science.
What are the Conservatives?
They are anti-science, anti-jobs, anti-energy security, and anti-future generations.
I have to say that I cannot put it better than Theresa May—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  should be quiet, because he used to work for her.
This is what Theresa May, the Conservative Prime Minister just five or so years ago, has said: “Those of us who advocate accelerating our progress towards net zero emissions are labelled fanatics and zealots.
Ironically, the name-calling often emanates from ideologues at the political extremes or from populists who offer only easy answers to complex questions.”
I could not put it better myself.