Recent figures provided by CHAIN report a record 13,231 people sleeping rough in London—a 19% increase in the year since this Government took office, and a 63% increase since Sadiq Khan took office as Mayor of London.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Mayor of London to tackle this failure in leadership, and will she commit to eliminating rough sleeping by the end of this Parliament?
After a year of this Government, it has gone up.
I gently remind the shadow Minister that rough sleeping has gone up by 164% since 2010, and that it was cut by two thirds by the previous Labour Government.
What about this one?
Why does the hon.
Gentleman not apologise for his party’s record of 14 years of failure?
We are taking action to tackle the root causes of rough sleeping and homelessness.
He should apologise for the failures of his Government.
What steps she plans to take to help to increase participation in UK elections.
This Government are committed to increasing participation in our democracy.
We will give 16 and 17-year-olds the right to vote in all elections, giving them a say in shaping their future.
Where we find barriers to participation, we will work with the electoral sector and other stakeholders to tackle them.
I recently had the pleasure of getting a robust grilling from some 16 and 17-year-olds from Aquinas sixth-form college in my constituency, which left me filled with optimism and a real sense that our democracy is in good hands.
My worry, though, is that these sixth-formers and young people like them might lose their enthusiasm for our democracy and for voting because they feel that our first-past-the-post voting system leads to politicians taking a majority of power on a minority of votes.
With more than 40% of MPs elected with under 40% of the votes cast in their constituency, does the Minister agree with her own Government’s statement on why they are scrapping first past the post for mayoral and police and crime commissioner elections, and should we expect a different voting system when the Aquinas sixth-formers vote at the next general election?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question.
Her party had the opportunity when in government to introduce electoral reform.
This Government are focused on ensuring that young people are enfranchised.
I look forward to working with her to deliver votes at 16 for young people in our country.
I recently visited some wonderfully politically engaged sixth-formers at Sir Frederick Gibberd college in Harlow, including Luka and Finlay, who shadowed some of my office staff last week.
Does the Minister agree that giving 16 and 17-year olds the vote will help to build a lifelong habit of democratic engagement and participation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The evidence shows that when young people participate in politics, it positively affects them through their lifetime and increases participation.
Young people can pay tax and join the Army at 16, so it is right that they should have a say in how our country is governed.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that areas with higher levels of deprivation receive adequate funding.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that areas with higher levels of deprivation receive adequate funding.
We are committed to improving how we assess need to ensure that central Government funding is distributed fairly to the places that need it most.
We began at the last settlement with the £600 million recovery grant, and subject to the fair funding review 2.0 consultation, our proposed reforms mean that the most relatively deprived places will see larger increases in income than the least deprived places.
Newcastle-under-Lyme is at the heart of our industrial heartlands.
In communities such as Silverdale, Knutton and Cross Heath, we see higher levels of health inequality and lower levels of life expectancy than in many wealthier areas.
These communities were let down by those who went before us and were left behind.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how best to support industrial communities like mine in Newcastle-under-Lyme, so that we can finally tackle this entrenched inequality?
My hon.
Friend makes a very fair point.
There are two aspects to this.
First, we must make sure that places get the investment they need to realise their full potential.
We are working on that with our plan for communities, which the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris)  is engaged in.
But that has to be built on fair funding at the base of what the local authority does.
There was nothing fair at all about the  previous Government impoverishing councils in the most deprived communities, sending many to the wire.
We are putting that right.
I am grateful to the Minister, who has named Barnsley’s local authority in the £1.5 billion plan for neighbourhoods.
The spending review has confirmed neighbourhood-level investment for 350 deprived communities.
However, Chapeltown and High Green in my constituency have communities in the bottom 10% nationally in the indices of multiple deprivation, while Dodworth has a community within the bottom 20% nationally.
These areas would benefit significantly from neighbourhood-level investment to build a sense of pride in place for my constituents.
Will the Minister consider including these three communities among the 275 areas that are yet to be announced?
I am sure that the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.
Friend the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley has heard those diligent representations.
It is true that many parts of our country have talent and potential that are not being met by opportunity.
This fund is about making sure that every area has seed investment to begin to rebuild, supported by fair funding for the local authority.
We cannot underestimate the effect of the 14 years of constant hits and attacks from the previous Government.
There is a reason why many communities have the resilience to stand up for themselves regardless of all that: the power of their unity.
Finally, they now have a Government on their side.
It is often harder to see because it is more sparsely spread across larger rural areas, but I remind the Minister of what I know he knows: deprivation exists in our rural areas.
Can I urge him to ensure that this does not become an issue of north versus south or urban versus rural, but that the Government use taxes to address deprivation wherever and whenever it arises, including in my constituency?