The Competition and Markets Authority recently found that major house builders were preventing and distorting competition, including by matching prices and incentives to buyers.
That further damages public confidence in house buying, and will have pushed home ownership out of the reach of many people.
House builders have agreed to pay £100 million towards affordable housing schemes, but what redress is available for homeowners who have been misled?
How will the Government achieve oversight of that funding to ensure that builders are held accountable, the additional homes are delivered, and there are effective disincentives to stop this happening again?
The hon.
Lady draws the attention of the House to an incredibly important point.
The Government are clear that the house building sector can thrive only when there is fair and open competition.
Where that is found not to be the case, it is right that the CMA acts decisively, as it has done in this instance by extracting £100 million for social and affordable housing from the seven house builders investigated.
We are taking action to fix our broken housing system, as I have said, by overhauling the planning system, addressing our dysfunctional land market, and ending our over-reliance on a speculative model of development that produces sub-optimal outcomes and constrains housing supply.
If she has evidence of any individuals being directly affected in the purchase of their home, I would be very grateful if she could bring it to my attention.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of reductions in council tax revenue from student houses in multiple occupation on local authorities.
The Government believe it is right that students are disregarded for council tax.
If the only residents of a household are full-time students, the dwelling will be exempt.
In the recently published fair funding review 2.0, the Government proposed to fully account for the impact of student exemptions in the distribution of the settlement.
In 2013, my Bath council received £31 million through the revenue support grant.
This year, it is just around £1 million.
Students, who are exempt from council tax, are not being counted.
Will the Minister ensure that, through the fair funding review, the issue is urgently addressed, and that councils such as Bath and North East Somerset are not missing out entirely on central Government support?
The fair funding review will do what it says on the tin: it will make sure that, for the first time ever, all component pressures that councils face in delivering public services, and in raising money locally, are taken into account.
It is wrong that while this Parliament can decide on national exemptions that councils have to apply, which limit their ability to raise council tax locally, we do not account for that in the distribution of funding that follows.
For the first time, we will do that.
Liverpool is a university city, and I have three universities in my constituency.
Liverpool city council is estimated to lose £9 million in council tax revenue each year due to student exemptions.
Will the Minister explain when and how those anomalies will be dealt with, so that the council does not lose that amount of funding every year?
The fair funding review 2.0 is out to consultation.
We welcome contributions to the consultation from Members, local authorities and others.
At heart, we want to fully account for the ability of an area to raise income locally.
Nationally, there are 245,000 student exempt dwellings and 77,000 halls of residence.
It is quite right that we take that into account when we assess how much council tax can be raised locally.
In some cities and towns, that will make quite a material difference.
What steps her Department is taking to increase funding for homelessness prevention services.
What steps her Department is taking with local councils to prevent homelessness.
The Government have increased funding for homelessness services by £233 million, bringing the total to nearly £1 billion.
The 2025 spending review protected that level of investment until 2028-29, and provided £100 million of additional funding from the transformation fund.
The number of people in the UK who have no recourse to public funds has increased significantly in recent years.
Lots of those people end up falling through the cracks in the system—some of them perhaps end up rough sleeping, and some engage in antisocial behaviour—but the one thing they all have in common is that they do not have the support needed to regularise their lifestyle, and there is not the enforcement that is needed to remove them from their situation.
Will the Minister outline the steps being taken to ensure that people with no recourse to public funds are not left in a bureaucratic limbo, which helps nobody?
It is important that migrants coming to the UK should be able to maintain and accommodate themselves without recourse to public funds.
We encourage councils to exhaust all options when working with people with restricted eligibility for public funds.
The funding for the rough sleeping prevention and recovery grant can be used to help anyone, provided actions are within the law.
London boroughs now spend £4 million a day on temporary accommodation.
While costs and rough sleeping have soared, central Government subsidy has been frozen for 14 years, pushing councils to the brink of bankruptcy.
Do my hon.
Friends on the Front Bench agree that it is time to lift the 2011 Tory cap, so that London councils can get the support they need to make homelessness history?
The Department for Work and Pensions keeps the level of housing benefit subsidy for temporary accommodation under review, and any future decisions will be informed by the Government’s wider housing ambitions, including tackling homelessness, and the broader fiscal context.
Our fair funding review 2.0 consultation sets out our proposals to target money where it is most needed and will account for temporary accommodation costs.
Homelessness is a huge issue in my constituency, where housing costs are among the highest in the country and people cannot find social and affordable housing.
The business rates reset proposed under the fair funding review would potentially lead to a 42% decrease in the net resources available to the council.
Can the Minister  assure those living in the Cherwell district council area that the fair funding review will include protected support for tackling homelessness?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that we inherited a homelessness crisis, with record levels of people in temporary accommodation.
Rough sleeping has gone up by 164% since 2010.
The previous Labour Government cut homelessness and rough sleeping dramatically.
We are investing to tackle the root causes of homelessness, and I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman on those issues.