Community support is always vital for development, and with 95% of planning applications already decided by officials under delegated powers, it is clear that that democratic voice can be missing.
Can the Minister tell the House why, taking that in tandem with the devolution White Paper, which envisages abolishing around 75% of councillors who represent their local residents on planning committees in England, local communities do not deserve more of a say, rather than less, in the planning process?
We do want local communities to have more of a say, particularly when it comes to the development of local plans, which are, as I have said, the best means for local communities to shape development in their areas.
When it comes to the national scheme of delegation, which is the point the hon.
Gentleman is really driving at, he knows that as things stand every local authority across the country has its own scheme of delegation.
There is a huge amount of variation there.
There is good practice and bad practice, and—as we debated at great length in the Bill Committee—we think there is a strong case for a national scheme of delegation to improve certainty and the speed of planning decisions.
He is more than welcome to respond to the consultation that is live at present.
What discussions she has had with local authorities in Scotland on community regeneration funding.
We are committed to investing across all four nations and are delivering regeneration funding to many communities across Scotland, including the hon.
Gentleman’s.
I have met representatives of the Convention of Scottish Local Authorities, which speaks for Scottish authorities, on a couple of occasions, and I really value its partnership and insight.
The £20 million community regeneration partnership with Comhairle nan Eilean Siar, the Western Isles council, will help develop the marine economy of Vatersay and Barra, the cultural heritage of Eriskay and North Uist and the spinal route through the islands.
It puts islanders in the driving seat using the muscle of the UK Government.
Does the Minister agree that this is a template for other UK Government Departments and their relationships with Scottish councils, and does it not stand in contrast with the game of thrones being played by the Scottish National party Government, who hoard decision making and money in Edinburgh?
I note the passion with which my hon.
Friend speaks about this.
His leadership is going to be crucial to the success of this project.
It speaks exactly to why we have taken the approach we are taking: we need local communities in charge.
They are the experts on their lives and on what they need, and they should be in the driving seat.
That is why we will work with them on this project, and through our plans set out in the spending review we will put that at the heart of everything we do.
What steps she is taking to support high streets.
We are committed to rejuvenating our high streets and town centres.
That includes tackling empty shops through high street rental auctions and legislating for a community right to buy to protect precious assets.
That is set out in the spending review, providing funding to up to 350 places to help communities drive forward the changes they want to see in their areas.
I hear what the Minister is saying, but our high streets are under enormous pressure because of Labour’s jobs tax and cuts to business rates relief.
As good tax-paying shops shut down, they are being replaced by dodgy front businesses.
To fight that in my constituency, Havering trading standards last week seized £17,000-worth of illicit goods from one shop in Upminster through a collaboration between the council, the public, the police and me as the MP.
This vital work is at risk because the Government are planning to shift council grant money away from the capital and up to places in the north of England.
Can the Minister assure me that Labour is not, in the Mayor of London’s words, planning to “level down” the capital by threatening resources for councils here?
I cannot accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation.
If we look at the history of the 2010 to 2024 Government, we can see that the pressure on local authorities, which we have heard about from across the House, was so great that we saw trading standards wither on the vine across the country.
In many places, they are down to single individuals, never mind numbers in single figures.
We are clear that we are rebuilding local government, and hopefully we will see lots more brilliant enforcement like we have seen in Havering.
Not far from here, on Whitehall and on Oxford Street, we have seen the proliferation of Harry Potter shops.
These are not welcoming for our tourists and we do not believe that they are trading fairly.
Will the Minister support me in encouraging His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to work with Westminster city council, which is doing great work in shutting these shops down, to ensure that we create space for thriving high street businesses?
I entirely share my hon.
Friend’s view.
We want to see thriving high streets.
We want to see full shops, but we want to see them trading fairly, properly and in a quality way, working well with their staff and being a good part of the community.
When that is not happening, it is really important that action is taken—she raises some high-profile examples—and we of course stand ready to support local authorities in whatever way we can.
What steps she is taking to build more social and affordable homes.
We announced a record £39 billion investment into the new social and affordable homes programme at the spending review, which will create around 300,000 new homes over 10 years.
Earlier this month, we published a five step plan that sets out how we will deliver the biggest increase in social housing in a generation to transform the safety and quality of social housing.
My priority as Deputy Prime Minister is to get more social rent homes built, and that is what this Labour Government are delivering.
Planning authorities such as Rugby borough council are working hard to ensure that new housing developments contain as much affordable and social housing as possible.
They work in partnership with housing developers, Government bodies such as Homes England, and others to that end, though it is not always an easy process and it often takes far too long.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline how the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will enhance their work, so that we can build as many high-quality affordable and social homes as possible and ensure that more people, particularly young people, get the homes they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will unlock a new scale of housing and infrastructure delivery across all tenures to help build 1.5 million homes in this Parliament.
We are also taking action in the Bill to improve local decision making by modernising planning  committees and ensuring that planning departments are well resourced by allowing local planning authorities to set their own planning fees.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister please explain why her Government will not set a target for the provision of social housing?
While I welcome the investment in the social and affordable homes programme that she set out, the reality is that it will meet only 10% of the total number of new homes anticipated and only 10% of the current demand for social housing.
If she believes that setting national targets like the 1.5 million homes target is important to drive change, why will she not set a target for social housing?
The Government have not set an affordable housing target to date, but we continue to keep the matter under review.
Accurately trying to forecast long-term delivery is inherently challenging, but we believe that our new social and affordable homes programme could deliver around 300,000 social and affordable homes over its lifetime, with around 180,000 for social rent.
The measures we have taken, alongside the commitment for rent so that there is this long-term programme, will hopefully help with the supply, and I have made it categorically clear to the sector that we want more social rent housing.