I refer the House to my entry in the register of interests.
This weekend was a fantastic economic boost for many seaside towns, but along with the visitors, towns such as Poole and Bournemouth are blighted with illegal parking on roundabouts and across driveways and pavements.
The Minister knows exactly what I am about to say: with 1,700 tickets issued, with the most dangerous cars towed away and with fines fixed for 20 years, does he believe that it is reasonable that council tax payers should pick up the bill of up to £200 per towed-away car for an illegal driver?
It is incumbent on all of us to park with a degree of responsibility, particularly at peak times.
I think parking-related issues are the No. 1 feature of my mailbag.
Our consultation on private parking opened last Friday.
I am interested in working with the hon.
Lady and all Members to ensure that we get the balance right.
Many people, from the Women and Equalities Committee to the Miscarriage Association and Myleene Klass, have fought for miscarriage bereavement leave.
Similarly, Can’t Buy My Silence and my right hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield Heeley (Louise Haigh) called for a ban on non-disclosure agreements.
Thanks to the Deputy Prime Minister’s cross-departmental role, these protections will be delivered by Labour.
How and when will they come into force?
I am incredibly proud that the Government are introducing life-changing measures that will make a real difference when people are at their most vulnerable.
I personally thank my hon.
Friend for courageously telling her own story, and I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Heeley (Louise Haigh)  for her incredible and tenacious campaigning.
Their work will change the lives of so many.
We want to bring the benefits of these vital measures to people as soon as possible.
We will be consulting on them in the coming months, prior to commencement.
Home ownership feels increasingly out of reach for many first-time buyers, particularly for young families who want to remain in the beautiful Scottish Borders.
What can the Government do to ensure that house builders deliver more affordable family-sized homes in all parts of the United Kingdom so that local people have the chance to own their home in the communities where they were brought up?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that housing is a devolved matter.
When it comes to affordability, we are taking steps not only to boost  housing supply significantly, as I have set out, but to ensure that more first-time buyers can get access, not least through the permanent mortgage guarantee scheme, on which the Chancellor will add more details in her Mansion House speech this week.
The  latest evidence shows that the gap between average wages and rent in my constituency of Poole is one of the widest in the country.
Can the Minister explain how we will ensure that the new homes that we build will be truly affordable and not subject to excessive rent increases?
My hon.
Friend will have noted the £39 billion allocated at the spending review to our new 10-year social and affordable homes programme, which, as the Deputy Prime Minister has made clear, we think will deliver about 300,000 affordable homes over its lifetime, with about 180,000 for social rent.
He will also know that our Renters’ Rights Bill includes provisions that will empower tenants to challenge unreasonable rent increases.
Two major reports—one from Shelter, which is coming, and one last week from Heriot-Watt University—have exposed something that I have observed myself in housing casework for many years, as a councillor and as an MP: people from some minority groups, even beyond the structural racism in society, experience worse outcomes and even direct discrimination from councils in regard to their access to housing.
Will the Secretary of State commit to writing a formal response to me on the recommendations in those reports?
A “yes” will do.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me about the issue, I will certainly respond to her.
Residents in Heather Gardens and Kett’s Meadow in Hethersett have seen a 60% hike in fees from the residential management group, supposedly for playgrounds that are fenced off and just dust.
What action will the Government be taking to stop these rip-off practices and support my residents in South Norfolk?
My hon.
Friend raises a matter that I know is of concern to hon.
Members across the House.
It is precisely to protect residential freeholders in Hethersett and other freehold estates across the country from unfair charges that we will consult in the near future on how we implement the consumer protection provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024 relating to the payment of estate management charges.
On that note, many of my constituents living on new freehold developments such as Mortimer Park in Driffield would like to see residents being given the power to strip those unaccountable estate management firms of their responsibility for shared space and let the local authority adopt that land.
Is it the Government’s intention to legislate to make that possible?
The hon.
Gentleman draws the House’s attention to an important point about freehold estates, and I direct his attention to the report by the Competition and Markets Authority on the matter if he wants to read further.
There is a problem here: too many amenities and infrastructures are not being delivered to common adoptable standards, and therefore many local authorities rightly say that they do not expect to pick up the tab for bringing those amenities up to the relevant standard and then maintaining them.
We have got to tackle both issues as we look to end the prevalence of these freehold estate arrangements going forward.
In Suffolk Coastal, the housing crisis is no less severe than in other rural areas across the country, and my constituents are keen that future development builds in for nature.
Will the Minister comment on what plans the Government have to ensure that we build in for nature, and specifically on the prospect of, and appetite for support for, swift bricks?
Although swift brick coverage is increasing, we want to drive up swift brick installation.
As I made clear on Report of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, we are considering using a new sweep of national policies for decision making, to require swift bricks to be incorporated into new buildings unless there are compelling reasons that preclude their use or would make them ineffective.
Will the Minister outline what new planning powers could be provided to local councils to ensure that my local communities in Broxbourne can say no to houses in multiple occupation—HMOs—where they are not wanted?
The hon.
Gentleman—who I have great affection for, as we go through our tenure—is a highly experienced former councillor, and he will know that local authorities already have article 4 powers.
If he has evidence that those powers are not proving effective, I would really like to have more information.
In the light of the Government’s determination to bring prosperity to coalfield communities like Doncaster, does the Minister share my desire for the fast delivery of the Coalfields Regeneration Trust industrial project?
It is also important to transfer any potential funds directly to the CRT, so as not to delay any delivery with bureaucratic processes and bidding.
The Government are committed to investing in coalfield communities, and I was pleased to meet my hon.
Friend and Mayor Ros Jones to talk about their exciting plans in Doncaster, which we are investing in.
We are looking very closely at what the Coalfields Regeneration Trust has sent us; the trust is, of course, a great legacy of the previous Labour Government, and we are committed to working with it.
My constituent Ryan from Carpenders Park wrote me with concerns about the lack of community spaces, especially alongside the Government’s housing targets.
Will the Minister reassure the House that the Government will ensure there are community spaces to support any new housing developments?
I say two things to the hon.
Gentleman.
He will forgive me if he knows this already, but we did strengthen the provision for infrastructure in our recent changes to the national planning policy framework.
Beyond that, we want to strengthen the existing system for developer contributions—where infrastructure and affordable housing comes through planning agreements—so that local authorities can extract more public gain from that process.
Cayton, a village in my constituency, could now become home to 2,500 new homes through the Government’s new homes accelerator.
To ensure the success of that project, it is essential that we deliver the appropriate infrastructure, such as GP services, proper drainage and roads, all of which have not accompanied previous developments.
What steps is the Minister taking to develop a coastal strategy to ensure that new developments for coastal villages like Cayton are delivered alongside infrastructure?
The Government take a similar interest in coastal communities.
As Local Growth Minister, I work closely with coastal authorities and have a significant eye on coastal communities.
We want to strengthen the system of developer contributions to make sure that the new developments provide that infrastructure, with further details to come.
The changes in the national planning policy framework, mentioned by the Minister for Housing and Planning, will support increased provision and modernisation of infrastructure.
With regards to the south of Cayton, the new homes accelerator is supporting the delivery of 2,500 homes.
Hard-working traders at Stockton’s historic Shambles shopping centre were shocked to receive letters from Stockton’s Labour council telling them that they were to be evicted and inviting them to a meeting with less than 24 hours’ notice.
I have been along to meet them and they are devastated, fearful for their futures and for their livelihoods.
Does the Minister agree that councils should be backing small independent businesses, not making them homeless without alternatives?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is Labour councils that are leading the charge at a local level to regenerate local communities and invest in local businesses—the evidence is there.
They are supported by the plan for communities and the community right to buy; there is a real effort in this area.
He did not give prior notice of his intention to raise the particular issue that he mentioned, but if he wants to follow up in writing, we will certainly look into it.