It is committed to providing

everyone with access to fresh, locally sourced, and sustainably

produced food.
With a mission to support local farmers and producers,

reduce environmental impact, and foster a sense of community, Food Shed

Co-op is a shining example of what can be achieved when like-minded

individuals come together for a common cause.
Nearly 2,100 people purchased equity shares in the co-op, reflecting

the strong support of the community during the project's development

and grand launch.
This steady belief in Food Shed Co-op's mission

speaks volumes about the community's commitment to building a vibrant,

neighborhood-focused supermarket that is accessible to everyone.
I am proud to represent such an innovative group of individuals who

continually strive to uplift their community and applaud the vital work

they are doing to create a healthier and more sustainable future in

McHenry County.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Food Shed

Co-op in celebrating their grand opening.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE OPPORTUNITY CENTER FOR THE

HOMELESS

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 30th anniversary

of the Opportunity Center for the Homeless.
Since its inception on January 3rd, 1994, the Opportunity Center has

been a steadfast refuge for homeless adults, originally focusing on men

but expanding to accommodate the increasing number of women seeking

shelter.
Through this evolution, it has established permanent and

transitional housing options to offer stability and hope to those in

need.
Central to the Center's philosophy is the principle of recovery to

service.
It proudly stands as the largest employer of homeless

individuals in the El Paso community, with close to 60 percent of its

staff having lived experience with homelessness.
This practice not only

provides employment but also fosters a sense of purpose, self-worth,

empathy, and dignity among its employees.
In a landmark achievement in

October 2011, the Opportunity Center became the first homeless shelter

in the United States to receive excess food from schools, thanks to

Congressional clarification on food donation regulations.
This

initiative has since provided over 1.2 million meals in 2023 alone,

nourishing those in need and exemplifying the Center's commitment to

holistic support.
Founded by Ray Tullius, a U.S. Army veteran and Golden Nugget award

recipient, the Center is dedicated to aiding veterans facing

homelessness and has assisted countless individuals.
By fostering

collaboration among stakeholders, such as service providers,

educational institutions, and local governments, the Opportunity Center

ensures high-quality care and compassion for those experiencing

homelessness.
Today, it is my privilege to honor the Opportunity Center for its 30-

year legacy of service, resilience, and compassion.
May it continue to

make a profound impact on the lives of our community for many years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES THAT THE SLOGAN,

``FROM THE RIVER TO THE SEA, PALESTINE WILL BE FREE'' IS ANTISEMITIC

AND ITS USE MUST BE CONDEMNED

speech of

HON.
VAL T. HOYLE

Ms. HOYLE of Oregon.
Mr. Speaker, I will vote in support of H. Res.
883, a non-binding resolution that condemns the use of a slogan that

has been used by some individuals and groups for antisemitic purposes,

including as a rallying cry to deny the right to self-determination of

the Jewish people or even to eliminate the State of Israel from the

Jordan River to the Mediterranean Sea.
I believe the antisemitic use of this slogan should rightfully be

condemned.
For example, this slogan has been widely used by terrorist

entities--including Hamas, the Palestinian Islamic Jihad and

Hezbollah--to encourage future attacks on Israel, the Jewish community

and Jewish institutions.
With antisemitism and antisemitic attacks on

the rise in the U.S. and around the world, we must swiftly condemn

antisemitism in all its forms.
However, this resolution should have been written better.
For

example, H. Res.