As a member of Manhattan Community Board 6, Kevin led an initiative

for members of the public to make presentations to the board to better

understand community needs.
In this capacity, he also serves as a

committee chair and member of the Youth and Education Committee and

Health and Human Services Committee.
Furthermore, Kevin's commitment extends to youth sports and

education.
He is a former all-American athlete who volunteers as a

sports coach, heading the track and field program at a local East

Midtown school and running ``Swish You Were Here,'' a community

basketball net-replacement initiative.
Kevin is also an entrepreneur and accomplished writer.
He is the

author of the nonfiction bestseller The Average American, which follows

O'Keefe's journey to find the nation's most statistically average

person.
The book has inspired many people to find a middle ground when

talking with those with differing views and has earned accolades from

former President Barack Obama.
In his professional life, he has led New

York Sports Tours and other prominent brands and companies.
On April 25, 2023, Kevin was honored at the Samuel J. Tilden

Democratic Club's 70th anniversary gala with the Platinum Anniversary

Award for Distinguished Service.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that we

recognize Kevin O'Keefe for his outstanding service and leadership.
His

dedication not only enhances the vibrancy of East Midtown but also sets

a commendable example of civic engagement and community spirit.
We are

grateful for his contributions and proud to count him as a

distinguished member of our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATIONAL RENDERING DAY

HON.
BRUCE WESTERMAN

Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 2nd

Annual National Rendering Day.
The burden of responsibility for feeding

the world extends beyond the farm.
Rendering plays a critical role in

ensuring we can meet the growing global demand for food, feed, and

fuel, while helping reduce food waste and loss.
By recycling unused

animal products, renderers create valuable ingredients from resources

that would otherwise take up enormous amounts of precious landfill

space.
Renderers also collect billions of pounds of used cooking oil

from restaurants and food manufacturers for upcycling into products and

sustainable fuels, like biodiesel.
Rendering not only creates alternative, sustainable fuels to power

trucks, trains, water vessels and other vehicles but also feeds our

beloved household pets.
Rendering is the largest industry involved in

prevention of food loss and waste and is an important component of a

bio-circular economy.
Renderers play an important role in reducing food loss and waste,

sustainably recycling valuable agricultural resources, and positively

contributing to local, state, and national and international economies.
U.S. renderers contribute $10 billion in annual economic activity

across the country and include many small businesses that help drive

the American economy and define the American dream.
I am honored to represent many great rendering companies in the 4th

District of Arkansas.
I am grateful for the role of rendering in

producing America's feed and fuel, and reducing food waste and loss by

repurposing products we don't eat for other practical needs.
Today on

National Rendering Day, please join me in recognizing renderers'

countless contributions to strengthening the U.S. economy and

protecting the environment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INTERNATIONAL FERTILIZER

DEVELOPMENT CENTER (IFDC)

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, hunger and food insecurity are issues that

plague many nations around the world.
Luckily, within the district that

I represent, there is an international organization working to

alleviate this concern by working with farmers around the world to

improve agricultural practices and teaching about advancements in

fertilizer technology.
Founded in October 1974, the International Fertilizer Development

Center (IFDC) was created to fill a gap found in the inability to field

international calls for assistance by the Tennessee Valley Authority's

National Fertilizer Development Center.