With antisemitism and antisemitic attacks on

the rise in the U.S. and around the world, we must swiftly condemn

antisemitism in all its forms.
However, this resolution should have been written better.
For

example, H. Res.
883, fails to acknowledge that some who use the phrase

do so to advocate for Palestinian liberation and equality, and others--

including some members of the Jewish community--use the phrase to

advocate for an end to the Israeli control and annexation of the West

Bank and Gaza.
The resolution should have noted that this slogan is not

always intended to be used as antisemitic and not all who use the

phrase are antisemitic.
As with other resolutions this Congress, H. Res.
883 also fails to

condemn antisemitic acts from those on the far-right, including white

nationalists who have increasingly promoted antisemitic conspiracy

theories and have threatened the lives and livelihoods of Jewish

Americans.
H. Res.
883 also treats the slogan ``from the river to the sea'' as

one-sided.
However, this phrase has also been used by right-wing

Israelis--including by Prime Minister Netanyahu himself in January--to

deny the right to self-determination of the Palestinian people.
Let me be clear: I believe that both Israelis and Palestinians have a

right to their own state.
That's why I strongly support a two-state

solution where Israelis and Palestinians recognize each other's right

to live in peace and have prosperity.
I also unequivocally condemn all forms of antisemitism, and I am

appalled by the significant rise in antisemitism we've seen in recent

years and especially after Hamas's October 7th terrorist attacks on

Israel.
If the House Republican majority were serious about tackling

antisemitism, they would support President Biden's National Strategy to

Counter Antisemitism, would quit trying to defund the Office of Civil

Rights for Title VI enforcement which protects Jewish students, and

would increase funding for the High-Risk Nonprofit Grant Program to

secure Jewish institutions as a start.
I urge House Republicans to

prioritize real action to combat hate, rather than continue to waste

time and resources on non-binding resolutions.
That's why I've cosponsored legislation that thoughtfully and

powerfully condemns the rise of antisemitism in the United States and

calls on Congress to support the above substantive actions to tackle

antisemitism, which congressional Republicans have so far refused to

do.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FOURTH AMENDMENT IS NOT FOR SALE ACT

speech of

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Chair, I rise concerning my vote on H.R.

4639.
This bill raises important issues that must be addressed by Congress.
Law enforcement agencies should not be able to circumvent due process

by buying information about the targets of their operations from third-

party data brokers.
The American people need a solution that covers

federal, state, and local governments to ensure that their rights are

fully protected.
During legislative negotiations on H.R. 4639, members raised concerns

about conflicting possible interpretations of this bill that were not

addressed before it came to the floor.
As currently drafted, it is not

clear whether H.R. 4639 appropriately covers federal, state, and local

governments or whether the scope is limited to only cover the federal

government.
I also have concerns about restrictions that H.R. 4639

would impose on the Intelligence Community's ability to protect our

national security by collecting data on foreign individuals operating

abroad.
Given the ambiguity over the scope of H.R. 4639 and the challenges

this bill would create for our ability to monitor foreign threats to

the United States, I will vote PRESENT.
I am hopeful these issues will

be addressed by the Senate as they consider this legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CARLO A. SCISSURA, PRESIDENT AND CEO OF THE NEW YORK BUILDING

CONGRESS

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.