As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 16, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 17

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy and

National Nuclear Security Administration atomic energy

defense activities in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Colleen

Duffy Kiko, of North Dakota, and Anne Marie Wagner, of

Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Labor

Relations Authority, and David Huitema, of Maryland, to

be Director of the Office of Government Ethics.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the FAA Organization

Designation Authorization (ODA) Expert Panel Report.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher

T. Hanson, of Michigan, to be a Member of the Nuclear

Regulatory Commission.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the President's 2024 trade

policy agenda.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine modernizing United States

alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
11:15 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine Boeing's broken safety

culture, focusing on firsthand accounts.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2024 for the Department

of Justice.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America,

focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities

for Food is Medicine.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine an update on foreign threats

to the 2024 elections.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense's

efforts to ensure servicemembers' access to safe, high-

quality pharmaceuticals.