Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine feeding a healthier America,

focusing on current efforts and potential opportunities

for Food is Medicine.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine an update on foreign threats

to the 2024 elections.
3 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense's

efforts to ensure servicemembers' access to safe, high-

quality pharmaceuticals.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 1299, to amend title 38,

United States Code, to require the Secretary of

Veterans Affairs to periodically review the automatic

maximum coverage under Servicemembers' Group Life

Insurance program and the Veterans' Group Life

Insurance program, S. 1590, to amend title 38, United

States Code, to extend increased dependency and

indemnity compensation paid to surviving spouses of

veterans who die from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,

regardless of how long the veterans had such disease

prior to death, S. 1910, to expand the VetSuccess on

Campus program of the Department of Veterans Affairs,

S. 2014, to ensure that certain members of the Armed

Forces who served in female cultural support teams

receive proper credit for such service, S. 2181, to

amend title 38, United States Code, to repeal the

sunset on entitlement to memorial headstones and

markers for commemoration of veterans and certain

individuals and to repeal the sunset on authority to

bury remains of certain spouses and children in

national cemeteries, S. 2276, to provide for opt-out

sharing of information on members retiring or

separating from the Armed Forces with community-based

organizations and related entities, S. 2718, to amend

title 38, United States Code, to improve matters

relating to medical examinations for veterans

disability compensation, S. 2778, to require the

Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit to Congress a

report on competition among suppliers of the Department

of Veterans Affairs, S. 2863, to establish the

Commission on Equity and Reconciliation in the

Uniformed Services, S. 2873, to amend title 38, United

States Code, to recognize the Women-Owned Small

Business program in the Department of Veterans Affairs

procurement hierarchy of small business preferences, S.

2888, to amend title 10, United States Code, to

authorize representatives of veterans service

organizations to participate in presentations to

promote certain benefits available to veterans during

preseparation counseling under the Transition

Assistance Program of the Department of Defense, S.

3126, to amend title 38, United States Code, to

authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish

or replace a headstone, marker, or medallion for the

grave of an eligible Medal of Honor recipient

regardless of the recipient's dates of service in the

Armed Forces, S. 3256, to amend title 38, United States

Code, to establish the Veterans Experience Office, S.

3295, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to

establish a portal for maintaining digital records of

former members of the Armed Forces and to establish an

advisory committee regarding the maintenance of those

records, S. 3452, to authorize the Secretary of

Veterans Affairs to determine the eligibility or

entitlement of a member or former member of the Armed

Forces described in subsection (a) to a benefit under a

law administered by the Secretary solely based on

alternative sources of evidence when the military

service records or medical treatment records of the

member or former member are incomplete because of

damage or loss of records after being in the possession

of the Federal Government, S. 3567, to establish within

the Department of Veterans Affairs a Veterans Affairs

History Office, S. 3636, to require the Director of the

Office of Personnel Management to establish a pilot

program to identify and refer veterans for potential

employment with Federal land management agencies, S.

3728, to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify

the administration of housing loans of the Department

such loans, S. 3746, to amend title 38, United States

Code, to

make certain spouses eligible for services under the

disabled veterans' outreach program, S. 3873, to amend

title 38, United States Code, to expand eligibility for

Post-9/11 Educational Assistance to members of the

National Guard who perform certain full-time duty, S.

3979, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make

permanent and codify the pilot program for use of

contract physicians for disability examinations, S.

4047, to increase, effective as of December 1, 2024,

the rates of compensation for veterans with service-

connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and

indemnity compensation for the survivors of certain

disabled veterans, S. 4074, to amend title 38, United

States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans

Affairs to approve interstate commerce carrier

apprenticeship programs for purposes of veterans

educational assistance, S. 4100, to amend title 38,

United States Code, to establish the National

Cemeteries Foundation to support the educational

outreach activities of the Veterans Legacy Program, and

an original bill to amend title 38, United States Code,

to ensure direct access for families to national

cemeteries.