4 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Airland

To hold hearings to examine Army modernization in review

2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
4:45 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's

atomic energy defense activities and Department of

Defense nuclear weapons programs in review of the

Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and

the Future Years Defense Program.
APRIL 18

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine Federal Housing

Regulators.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Homeland Security, focusing on resources and

authorities requested to protect and secure the

homeland.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, and the nominations of

Nancy L. Maldonado, of Illinois, to be United States

Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Georgia N.

Alexakis, to be United States District Judge for the

Northern District of Illinois, Krissa M. Lanham, and

Angela M. Martinez, both to be a United States District

Judge for the District of Arizona, Sparkle L.

Sooknanan, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Columbia, Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky,

and John Gleeson, of New York, both to be a Member of

the United States Sentencing Commission, and Matthew L.

Gannon, to be United States Attorney for the Northern

District of Iowa, David C. Waterman, to be United

States Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa, and

Gary D. Grimes, Sr.,
to be United States Marshal for

the Western District of Arkansas, all of the Department

of Justice.
MAY 1

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 616, to amend the Leech

Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act to

provide for the transfer of additional Federal land to

the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, S. 2868, to accept the

request to revoke the charter of incorporation of the

Lower Sioux Indian Community in the State of Minnesota

at the request of that Community, S. 3022, to amend the

Indian Health Care Improvement Act to allow Indian

Health Service scholarship and loan recipients to

fulfill service obligations through half-time clinical

practice, H.R. 1240, to transfer administrative

jurisdiction of certain Federal lands from the Army

Corps of Engineers to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, to

take such lands into trust for the Winnebago Tribe of

Nebraska; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine S. 465, to require Federal law enforcement

agencies to report on cases of missing or murdered

Indians, and S. 2695, to amend the Indian Law

Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in

public safety services to Indian communities.
MAY 2

10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of the Interior.