MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Mr. Scott Gray as he is awarded the Airport Professional of the Year

Award by the Texas Department of Transportation.
This prestigious

accolade is a testament to Mr. Gray's exemplary leadership, dedication,

and contributions to the aviation industry.
During his tenure as the airport manager of Denton Enterprise Airport

from 2017 to 2023, Mr. Gray demonstrated exceptional proficiency in

managing the day-to-day operations, planning, and development of one of

Texas' busiest airports.
Under his guidance, Denton Enterprise Airport

grew significantly, rising from 7th busiest airport in Texas as he

arrived, to become the 5th busiest airport in Texas and among the top

60 nationwide, with over 212,000 operations in 2023.
Mr. Gray's strategic vision and strong analytical skills have been

instrumental in the airport's growth and success.
He oversaw

significant milestones, including the delivery of the airport's second

runway in 2019 and the expansion of the main runway in 2021.
These

achievements not only enhanced the airport's operational capacity, but

also contributed to its standing as a vital regional transportation hub

and ensured its place as an economic generator into the future.
Furthermore, Mr. Gray's leadership extended beyond Denton Enterprise

Airport.
As the President of the Texas Airports Council, he tirelessly

advocated for the betterment and benefit of general aviation airports

across Texas.
His commitment to advancing the interests of the aviation

community has left a lasting impact and has been widely recognized and

appreciated.
Despite his departure from Denton and return to Arizona as the

Aviation Director at the Buckeye Municipal Airport, Mr. Gray has

remained an invaluable resource and mentor to others in the aviation

profession.
His willingness to share his extensive knowledge and

expertise reflects his genuine passion for the industry and his

dedication to supporting his colleagues.
Mr. Gray possesses the wide range of knowledge and competence that

exemplifies a top-notch general aviation airport manager.
His

remarkable achievements and unwavering commitment to excellence make

him truly deserving of the Airport Professional of the Year Award.
I am

honored to commend Mr. Gray for his outstanding contributions to the

aviation community and extend my warmest congratulations on this well-

deserved recognition.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF COMMUNITY TRANSFORMATION CHURCH

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Community

Transformation Church on its centennial, which fell on April 14, 2024.
Community Transformation Church is based in Houston, Texas, and has

eight satellite campuses located across Texas and Arkansas.
The Community Transformation Church that exists today started with

two different churches: Magnolia Park Assembly of God and Oaklawn

Assembly of God.
Magnolia Park Assembly of God was founded around 1924

by Rev. Jimmy McClellan.
Two years later, in 1926, Rev. E.M. Yeats

became the pastor and served until his retirement in 1976.
In addition to Magnolia Park, Rev. McClellan also organized the

Oaklawn Assembly of God.
During the years leading up to the 1976

merger, Revs.
Worth Williams, Hardie Weathers, Cleddy Keith, and O.C.

Bates all served as church pastors of Oaklawn.
After the two churches came together, they took on the name Christian

Temple Assembly of God and met at the old Magnolia Park location.
Thanks to the significant growth, a 10-acre plot was eventually

purchased on Almeda Genoa Road, and the church began a million-dollar

building campaign for a new sanctuary that opened on Easter Sunday

1983.
Rev. Bates was the first pastor of Christian Temple, where he

served for 25 years.
In June 2023, the church once again took on a new name: the Community

Transformation Church.
Pastors Don and Susan Nordin have led the church

since November 4, 2001.