Title: HONORING BRUCE PARSONS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
64

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRUCE PARSONS

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bruce Parsons on

the occasion of his retirement as Principal of Plymouth Regional High

School.
Bruce first came to New Hampshire as the principal of Wentworth

Elementary School in 1991.
Soon after, Bruce transferred to Plymouth

Regional High School as Assistant Principal and was promoted to

Principal in 1993.
He has held that position ever since--more than 30

years.
Among his many accomplishments, Bruce's colleagues have called

him an effective leader, creative problem solver, and passionate

educator.
I commend Bruce on his retirement after three decades with

Plymouth Regional High School and his unwavering dedication to our

state's students.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's Second Congressional

District, I thank Bruce for his years of service to our community and

for being a part of what makes the Granite State such a wonderful place

to live, work, and raise a family.
I am honored to recognize and

congratulate Bruce on his retirement and wish him the best of luck in

the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHARLES HURSEY FOR BEING NAMED TO THE NORTH CAROLINA BAR-B-Q

HALL OF FAME

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

my friend Charles Hursey of Hursey's Bar-B-Q on being inducted into the

inaugural class of the North Carolina Bar-B-Q Hall of Fame.
With all the divisiveness and partisanship impacting our nation

today, it is refreshing to see the new North Carolina Bar-B-Q Hall of

Fame bringing together all sides of the great divide--Eastern and

Lexington style barbeque.
Very few things exemplify North Carolina more than barbeque, and last

month the North Carolina Bar-B-Q Hall of Fame inducted its first class.
I was thrilled that Charles Hursey, owner of the legendary Hursey's

Bar-B-Q, is part of this esteemed class.
As a frequent patron of

Hursey's Bar-B-Q, I can personally attest to the quality of the food

and friendliness of the employees of this great North Carolina

institution.
Hursey's Bar-B-Q was founded by Sylvester and Daisy Hursey, Charles'

parents.
In fact, Hursey's Bar-B-Q was one of the first barbecue

wholesalers to ever be licensed by the state of North Carolina back in

1949.
As he grew, Charles began learning the business and, in 1966,

took over the family's Burlington location.
Eventually, Charles would

go on to run the whole operation.
Charles maintains this role today

and, following the Hursey family tradition, continues to operate four

restaurant locations and a catering facility alongside his wife,

children, and grandchildren.
In North Carolina, barbeque is one of our most cherished and almost

sacred traditions.
It is a labor-intensive art that requires great

skill and hard work on the part of the pitmaster.
At the same time, it

is an art that stresses the importance of family and passing down

practices and recipes from one generation to the next.
I cannot think

of anybody who embodies these attributes better than Charles.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing Charles Hursey on

being named to the

North Carolina Bar-B-Q Hall of Fame.
Let's Eat.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT REVEREND JOHN JENKINS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Reverend John I.

Jenkins, C.S.C. of Notre Dame, Indiana and present him with the

Congressional Patriot Award.
Fr.
Jenkins serves as the 17th President

of the University of Notre Dame, and he has dedicated himself to

faithfully serving and leading our community.
He will step down as

president in June 2024.
Since 1990, Fr.
Jenkins has been a member of Notre Dame's Department

of Philosophy, specializing in theology.