He will step down as

president in June 2024.
Since 1990, Fr.
Jenkins has been a member of Notre Dame's Department

of Philosophy, specializing in theology.
He is a distinguished graduate

of Notre Dame and holds a Doctor of Philosophy from Oxford University.
Additionally, Fr.
Jenkins graduated from the Jesuit School of Theology

with a Master of Divinity and a Licentiate in Sacred Theology.
In 2005, Notre Dame's Board of Trustees elected Fr.
Jenkins to serve

as President.
Under his leadership, the university has made monumental

advances in academia and strengthened its important connection to

faith.
Additionally, Notre Dame has committed to ensuring its students

can receive the financial aid they need to stay in school and be

successful.
Through Fr.
Jenkins' hard work and effort, Notre Dame has

transformed into one of the fastest growing research universities

nationwide.
It was invited to join the prestigious Association of

American Universities in 2023, becoming the only religiously affiliated

university in the United States to receive this honor.
Fr.
Jenkins is a longtime member of the Board of Directors of the

Commission on Presidential Debates, which has commended his leadership

on the topic of civil discourse.
He has advocated for common ground and

understanding with individuals across the aisle, particularly when it

comes to our faith and views.
I am proud to recognize Fr.
Jenkins today

for his excellence and the impact he has made on countless lives.
It is an honor to bestow Fr.
Jenkins with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to our Nation.
I am certain this will not be the

end of his accomplishments, and I wish him the best of luck in his

future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MIKE DUNCAN

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to

one of my trusted advisors and friends, Mike Duncan, who paved a path

with business and political expertise from rural Martin County,

Kentucky, all the way to the White House.
Over the last five decades, Mike has served as a remarkable political

strategist, dressed sharply in the armor of wisdom, confidence, and

patriotism, commanding the respect of our peers at the highest ranks of

the Republican Party.
He has served on six Presidential campaigns,

served as Chairman and General Counsel of the RNC, and was elected as a

Kentucky delegate to eleven Republican National Conventions.
There is

no place for timidity or fear when preserving the foundation of our

conservative values, and I applaud Mike's staunch advocacy of the GOP

year after year.
In fact, his stalwart leadership has been commissioned by a multitude

of organizations and the Nation's foremost leaders, including President

George H.W. Bush, President George W. Bush, and President Donald J.

Trump.
He served as Chairman of the U.S. Postal Service Board of

Governors and was appointed by President George W. Bush to the

Tennessee Valley Authority.
There is no higher honor in the United

States than serving our Commander-in-Chief, yet he also dedicated time

to mentor rising leaders at Alice Lloyd College, and serve on the

boards of nonprofit organizations, like the Christian Appalachian

Project and The Center for Rural Development.
When I embarked on a mission to establish The Center for Rural

Development (The Center) for Southern and Eastern Kentucky in 1996, I

invited Mike to serve on the Board of Directors, harnessing his

financial expertise, his visionary mind, and his passion to raise up

the next generation of leaders.
He conceptualized the youth programs at

The Center, including my namesake Rogers Scholars Program to provide

opportunities for our rising students in the mountains to earn college

scholarship awards, learn leadership skills, expand their horizons, and

interact with local and regional business owners, leaders, and

educators.
Since inception, more than 1,300 students have graduated

from the Rogers Scholars program, earning more than $11 million in

scholarships from 19 participating colleges and universities.