When I embarked on a mission to establish The Center for Rural

Development (The Center) for Southern and Eastern Kentucky in 1996, I

invited Mike to serve on the Board of Directors, harnessing his

financial expertise, his visionary mind, and his passion to raise up

the next generation of leaders.
He conceptualized the youth programs at

The Center, including my namesake Rogers Scholars Program to provide

opportunities for our rising students in the mountains to earn college

scholarship awards, learn leadership skills, expand their horizons, and

interact with local and regional business owners, leaders, and

educators.
Since inception, more than 1,300 students have graduated

from the Rogers Scholars program, earning more than $11 million in

scholarships from 19 participating colleges and universities.
Mike's legacy is the epitome of what we need to replicate among our

future generations: sons and daughters of Eastern Kentucky who choose

to use their talents and energy to make our region, our state, and our

great Nation a better place to live.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RICHARD A. DUERR, SR.
HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to

recognize Richard A. Duerr, Sr.,
a Naval veteran and firefighter, for

his many years of service to our community.
Richard began his career in the United States Navy, serving our

country as a Communications Yeoman 2nd Class from 1965 to 1969.
Following his military service, Richard embarked on careers in the

private sector, working for more than 16 years at Revere Copper and

Brass in Rome, NY, and also at Sanford Fire Equipment and Turning Stone

Resort Casino.
Beyond his professional endeavors, Richard has engaged in many years

of service to his community.
For 51 years, he has been an integral

member of the Camden Volunteer Fire Department, holding vital roles

such as Assistant Chief and Fire Police Captain, a position

he held for 26 years.
Richard is a Life Member of the Volunteer Fire

Police Association of the State of New York (VFPASNY), currently

serving as president.
He was also Chairman of the Seminar Committee for

15 years, Editor of the VFPASNY Newspaper and a trainer in multiple

counties for the Fire Police Review Class for 12 years.
Richard is a Life Member of the Oneida County Volunteer Fire Police

Association where he served as President for 12 years and has held

various other positions including the role of Chaplain.
Additionally,

Richard contributed to the work of the New York State Chaplains

Association, conducting memorial and funeral services, and to the

Oneida County Volunteer Firefighters Association, where Richard is

currently the Chaplain and Sergeant at Arms.
In addition to these many accomplishments, Richard has been a member

of the American Legion Post 66 in Camden, New York for 26 years, and is

a member of the Firefighters Association of the State of New York

(FASNY).
Richard has received various awards including the George Woodman

Award for Excellence, seven President's Awards for Community and Fire

Police Leadership, and the VFPASNY Fire Police Officer of the Year.
These, along with several other certificates and plaques reflect

Richard's many contributions.
On behalf of New York's 22nd District, I am pleased to recognize the

service and accomplishments of Richard Duerr, Sr.
I thank him for his

dedication to our community and our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SCOTT GRAY

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Mr. Scott Gray as he is awarded the Airport Professional of the Year

Award by the Texas Department of Transportation.
This prestigious

accolade is a testament to Mr. Gray's exemplary leadership, dedication,

and contributions to the aviation industry.