For nearly a century, St. Gregory has stood as a beacon of faith,

unity, and community, enriching the lives of its members and serving as

a cherished cornerstone of Armenian heritage throughout the Greater

Springfield community.
As the crossroads of New England, Springfield is

home to a unique diaspora of different cultures and ethnicities,

including a strong Armenian commnunity with roots going back to the

early 20th century.
As a great number of Armenian populations immigrated and settled in

the Springfield area during the early 1900s, the need for a church and

community center was quickly realized.
Since its founding in 1934, St.

Gregory has been a pillar of hope and support throughout our region,

giving back not only to the community in western Massachusetts, but

also providing humanitarian assistance to Armenians throughout the

world.
Their commitment to improving the lives of others is inspiring

and has left an indelible mark on countless individuals and families.
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to congratulate the members of the St.

Gregory Armenian Church as they mark 90 years of upholding the sacred

traditions, values, and teachings of the Armenian Apostolic Church.
As

we reflect on the countless blessings bestowed upon St. Gregory, and

the blessings bestowed upon the community they serve, we look to the

future with great optimism and renewed vigor.
I wish them much growth,

spiritual enlightenment, and enduring unity for the next 90 years and

beyond.
Congratulations from the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF KATHLEEN HEAPHY

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kathleen Heaphy

on her retirement from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
Ms.

Heaphy is an exemplary public servant who has demonstrated the highest

standards of professionalism serving our Nation's veterans.
She worked

in the VA's Office of General Counsel for more than 30 years.
Ms. Heaphy provided guidance to the VA Secretary and senior officials

in the Veterans Health Administration, including on health care

eligibility reform, the establishment of the medical benefits package,

mental health care, care for military sexual trauma, care for women

veterans and issues involving informed consent and medical ethics.
As

Ms. Heaphy embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that she

will recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment, the

outstanding contributions she made to the VA and to our Nation's

veterans.
May her retirement be filled with health and happiness.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 16, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 17

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy and

National Nuclear Security Administration atomic energy

defense activities in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.