Rev. Bates was the first pastor of Christian Temple, where he

served for 25 years.
In June 2023, the church once again took on a new name: the Community

Transformation Church.
Pastors Don and Susan Nordin have led the church

since November 4, 2001.
Throughout the last 23 years, Community

Transformation Church has started five campuses that were gifted away,

given millions of dollars to mission efforts across the world, and much

more to show the love of Christ across the region they serve.
Community

Transformation Church has also started eight residential drug and

alcohol treatment centers and created a 38-acre ranch for rescued girls

who have been trafficked.
Over the past century, it is evident the Lord has used this historic

church to demonstrate the love, kindness, and generosity of Jesus

Christ in the surrounding community and worldwide.
May God continue to

bless Community Transformation Church and its members for many years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DEBBIE LESKO

Mrs. LESKO.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY

on Roll Call No.
119, H.R. 7888; YEA on Roll Call No.
114, Biggs

Amendment No.
1 to H.R. 7888; and YEA on Roll Call No.
115, Roy

Amendment No.
2 to H.R. 7888.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT GENERAL ERIK PETERSON'S SERVICE AND RETIREMENT

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues

Representative Fulcher and Senators Mike Crapo and Jim Risch to

recognize the retirement of Lieutenant General Erik Peterson for his 38

years of exemplary service to our nation.
Lieutenant General Erik Peterson's journey began in Idaho, where he

received his education from elementary school to university, ultimately

graduating from the University of Idaho's College of Mines and Earth

Resources in 1986.
Upon graduation he received his Army commission as a

Distinguished Military Graduate of the University of Idaho's Chrisman

Battalion.
Nonetheless, his educational career did not end there.
He earned

Master's Degrees in Business Administration and National Security

Strategy.
In addition, as part of his professional military education,

he completed the Aviation Officer Advanced Course, and attended the

Combined Arms Service Staff School, Command and General Staff College,

and the National War College.
Throughout his career Lieutenant General Erik Peterson held key

command and leadership roles, including four tours with the 160th

Special Operations Aviation Regiment.
He served as the Director of the

Flight Concepts Division at Fort Eustis, Virginia, and held roles

as Brigade Commander of the 10th Combat Aviation Brigade and Chief of

Staff for the 10th Mountain Division at Fort Drum, New York.
Additionally, he assumed responsibilities as Deputy Commanding General

of U.S. Army Cadet Command in Fort Knox, Kentucky, and later as

Commanding General at U.S. Army Special Operations Aviation Command at

Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
His tenure included service as Director of

Army Aviation at the Pentagon and Commanding General of Division West

of First U.S. Army at Fort Hood, Texas, which oversaw five brigades and

two mobilization sites nationwide.
Furthermore, he served as Director

of Force Development in G-8.
His military awards and decorations include: 4 Distinguished Service

Medals, 4 Legions of Merit, 6 Bronze Star Medals, 5 Meritorious Service

Medals, 5 Air Medals Valor Device, the NATO Meritorious Service Medal,

the Combat Action Badge, the Master Aviator Badge, the Master

Parachutist Badge, and the Air Assault Badge.
His foreign military awards include: the Kuwait Liberation Medal from

the Governments of Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, the Republic of Korea Order

of National Security Merit Cheonsu Medal, the Australian Parachutist

Badge, the Honorary Republic of Korea Master Aviator Badge, and the

Honorary Swedish Parachutist Badge.