My right hon.
Friend, who speaks with authority, is right in his analysis.
Of course we note the US view, and we have expressed our concerns.
We will continue to use our strong relationship with the Georgians to ensure that they amend, for their own interest, their behaviour.
Leeds’ sister city is Kharkiv.
The people of Leeds are gravely concerned that the invasion of Kharkiv is imminent.
Colleagues have already asked about artillery shells, which are in short supply, but even bullets are in short supply.
What is the UK doing to supply the Ukrainian defence of Kharkiv with bullets?
Are we upscaling humanitarian aid to Kharkiv and utilising it for the evacuation of civilians who want to leave?
Will the UK Government supply additional visas for Kharkivians who want to come to the UK?
The people of Leeds are ready to welcome them into their homes.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question—I now realise Leeds is the sister city of Kharkiv, which is interesting.
We are putting more money than ever before into lethal aid support for Ukraine—an additional £500 million will take our support this year to £3 billion, and a lot of that will go on munitions—but humanitarian aid is also significant and is an important part of the picture.
Like any bully, Russia will advance if it feels that the west is not supporting Ukraine.
The Russians have seen that we in the west have not been supporting Ukraine enough because of the lack of ammunition going in.
For any soldier, the supply of ammunition is—as the Minister is fully aware—crucial to confidence and morale.
Can we give the biggest possible push to ensure that what the Americans have said is going to the frontline reaches it?
I saw this morning that they said that some ammunition has already arrived.
Has it already arrived, and what is the timetable for the rest?
This is completely unfair on the armed forces out there.
My right hon.
Friend’s analogy of Russia as a bully is absolutely correct.
We are focused on increasing ammunition supplies.
My judgment is that the $61 billion package from the US, combined with our additional support, will result in a tangible improvement in the operational situation on the frontline.
As we know, Georgia, alongside Ukraine, aspires to join NATO.
Does the Minister agree, therefore, that it is important that Georgia respects peaceful protest?
On Ukraine, with the Russians closing in on being within artillery range of Kharkiv, what military support can we deliver now to prevent Russia from being able to bombard that city, which would be catastrophic for the civilian population?
I agree with my hon.
Friend’s analysis of Georgia’s NATO aspirations—that is clear.
The support we can give now is to continue our remarkable supply of lethal aid, particularly with regard to air defence.
What Putin is doing in Georgia now is exactly the same thing that he tried to do in Ukraine 10 years ago, yet unlike the American Government, the British Government do not seem to be thinking of any recalibration at all with the current Georgian regime, which is beating up its own citizens in the streets of Tbilisi.
Why has the Georgian ambassador in London not at least been summoned?
What action, rather than just words, has been taken to make our views completely clear to the current Georgian Government that their behaviour and this legislation is unacceptable?
In truth, those are questions for my colleagues in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, but our analysis is that the strong relationship we have with the Georgians in the defence sector is an important means of ensuring that their direction of travel is a positive one.
There is growing concern across central and northern Europe about Georgia.
Will the Minister have conversations  with colleagues in government to ensure that the commitment to NATO of our partners across Europe is increased, to prepare for the undoubted expansionism that Putin is currently engaged in and that he will probably step up in the coming months?
The answer is yes, Mr Speaker.
Of course, the hon.
Gentleman will have observed, as I have, that the consequence of Putin’s effort to demonstrate NATO’s weakness has been exactly the opposite: NATO is now larger and stronger than it was before February 2022.
We will lead the way in ensuring that all members meet the investment required to be a member of that tremendous defensive alliance.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on securing this urgent question.
The United Kingdom has led the world in supporting Ukraine militarily, economically, diplomatically and politically, and as a former Minister with responsibility for sanctions, I saw the real impact that the United Kingdom could have with its partners in working together on this issue.
There is, however, a real loophole within the international strategy to cut off Putin’s finances: the United Nations peacekeeping force, of which we are a member, currently procures its military helicopters from Russia, so that money goes back into Putin’s pockets.
Were the Minister or the Government aware of that fact, and now that they are, will the Government raise it at the G7 to urgently ensure we cut off Putin’s finances?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point, and will ensure that my colleague, the Minister with responsibility for sanctions, takes it into account.
We are united in our determination to support Ukraine as it seeks to defeat Putin.
Labour welcomed the creation of a new UK-Latvian drone capability coalition earlier this year and the UK’s commitment to spend £200 million on drones for Ukraine.
Can the Minister confirm when the first drones under that initiative will be delivered to Ukrainian forces?
Very soon.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Georgia, I have watched the demonstrations in Tbilisi with no little concern.
Although I have noticed no new movement of Georgia towards Russia, as some have been suggesting—whether culturally, economically or militarily—it would appear that the current Georgian Dream Government are becoming more ready to use the apparatus of the state to suppress political dissent, free speech and the media, sometimes with violence.
Will my hon.
Friend impress on his Georgian counterpart, as an ally and a friend, that this is not how democratic countries behave if they wish to join western institutions and participate as a free democratic values country?
My hon.
Friend is correct: Georgia must live up to the standard required if it is to be sincere about its democratic aspirations, and we do make that point to our friends in Georgia.
We are all rightly proud of the skills of our armed forces personnel and the training that they are providing for Ukrainians through Operation Interflex, but I understand that that programme is only designated up until this summer.
Can the Minister confirm that it will continue for as long as it is needed?
Wholeheartedly, Mr Speaker.
Our commitment to training our Ukrainian allies is enduring, and of course, we will always respond to the type and form of training that they themselves require.
Events in the United States, and the understandable focus on the conflict in Gaza and the unacceptable loss of life there, have led some to argue that our support for Ukraine is wavering.
Can the Minister seek to put a stop to that deliberate disinformation by setting out that our support for Ukraine is absolute; that we stand in solidarity with the Ukrainians in their fight against Putin’s illegal aggression; and that in some respects they are battling on our behalf, because as we see, Putin’s aggression will not stop with Ukraine?
Given that, will the Minister also set out how we will ensure that the ammunition that is so desperately needed gets to the frontline as quickly as possible?