On 2 June, the Levenmouth railway reopens after years of community campaigning but, just at that point, TSB has announced that it is closing its Leven bank branch.
Bank losses hollow out communities and are an impediment to small businesses.
Cash Access UK has said that it will roll out 100 banking hubs by the end of the year, and the Financial Conduct Authority is consulting, but  does the Prime Minister accept that the Government have been too slow on this?
What else will he do to prevent banking deserts from emerging?
As I have repeatedly said from this Dispatch Box, it is imperative that banks and building societies recognise the needs of all customers, including those who still need to use in-person cash services.
That is why we legislated to protect access to cash as part of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023.
As a result, customers can access cash and banking services through a wide range of channels, including post offices, ATMs and telephone and community initiatives such as banking hubs.
Double child rapist and murderer Colin Pitchfork is having yet another parole hearing in the next few weeks.
As well as the brutal murders, this man exposed himself to over 1,000 girls and women.
As the MP for South Leicestershire, I distributed a constituency-wide survey asking my constituents about Parole Board reform.
The problem is that the reconsideration mechanism rules allow Mr Pitchfork to ask for a reconsideration of a reconsidered decision limitless times, and it is cost-free to him.
Will the Prime Minister arrange a meeting between me and the Justice Secretary to discuss necessary changes to the reconsideration mechanism rules?
Will he arrange for me to deliver the findings of the survey, to which thousands of constituents responded, to his No. 10 policy team?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning on this case.
I know the whole House will join me in recognising the horror of the crimes committed by Colin Pitchfork and in sending our condolences to the victims’ families.
We are reforming the parole system to add a ministerial check on the release of the most dangerous criminals, and we are changing the law so that, for society’s most depraved killers, life means life.
I will, of course, arrange for the findings of my hon.
Friend’s survey to be properly considered, and I will ensure that he meets the Justice Secretary to discuss his proposals further.
In Gaza, Israel has attacked hospitals, attacked refugee camps and killed aid workers.
Israel has blocked vital aid, turned off water supplies and denied access to food.
Israel has killed thousands upon thousands of innocent civilians as the world watches, trampling all over international humanitarian law.
No other country would be allowed to act with such impunity.
Why does the Prime Minister allow Israel to get away with it unchallenged?
And why does he continue to act as a bystander to such horror?
We do support, and I do support, Israel’s right to defend itself and remove the threat that Hamas, the terrorist organisation, pose to its people.
But I am also deeply concerned about the growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and I have consistently made that point at this Dispatch Box and to Prime Minister Netanyahu.
We must see further action to ensure that more aid gets to people who desperately need it; the Rafah and Kerem Shalom crossings must be open to allow more aid in.
We are doing everything we  can, trebling our investment; trying to get aid in by land, air and sea; and currently working with allies to build a temporary pier.
The hon.
Lady can rest assured that the Government will continue to do everything we can to get support to the people in Gaza who need it.
Last week, along with apprentices from the nuclear fuel company Urenco, I visited Coleg Menai in Llangefni.
The students were excited, but they need certainty about the future of Wylfa before they commit to a career in nuclear.
Will the Prime Minister confirm when Great British Nuclear will decide whether Wylfa will be a gigawatt or a small modular reactor site, when my students can expect to see spades in the ground and when his brilliant nuclear Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie), will be able to visit Wylfa again to announce some good news?
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Ynys Môn (Virginia Crosbie)  is a tireless campaigner for the Wylfa nuclear site in her constituency.
As she knows, at the spring Budget the Chancellor announced that Great British Nuclear has reached an agreement to purchase the site at Wylfa, and it and one other site will be vital to achieving our aim of more energy security from nuclear power.
Decisions have not yet been made on the final sites to be used, but, as ever, she makes a very strong and compelling case for her area.
I know that as soon as a decision has been made the Energy Secretary will be keen to update her at the earliest opportunity.
In March, the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report on 1950s women’s state pension injustice made it clear to the Government that the Department for Work and Pensions was guilty of maladministration; that these women had suffered significant injustice; that they were owed compensation; and that Parliament must urgently identify a mechanism for redress.
Nearly 279,000 women have already died waiting for justice, so when will the Prime Minister finally place before this House a mechanism for appropriate redress?
As I said to the House last week, I understand the strong feelings across the Chamber about these matters and the desire for urgency in addressing them.
Following the ombudsman’s multi-year investigation, it is imperative that we take the time to review the findings thoroughly; I am not entirely sure I agree with the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of all of them so far.
Broadly, we are committed to making sure that pensioners have the dignity and security that they deserve, including through the triple lock, which is increasing pensions by £900 this year.
I welcome tomorrow’s debate on the ombudsman’s report and we will, of course, take all views into account as we identify and implement next steps.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister takes a personal interest in community pharmacy.
Community pharmacists play an essential role in reducing pressure  on urgent care services by helping people prevent ill health and manage long-term conditions.
Pharmacy First is a good example of Government commitment to community pharmacy.
However, community pharmacies are under extreme financial pressure and some are closing, including in St Ives.
This year, 177 pharmacies have closed, which compares with a figure of 116 in the same period in 2023.
Will he do everything he can to ensure that funds are directed toward community pharmacy, so that our pharmacy friends can help the Government to deliver NHS services where and when they are most needed?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I care deeply about the future of our community pharmacies.
There are over 10,500 community pharmacies across the country and they are working incredibly hard to serve their patients.
I am pleased that about 80% of people live within a 20-minute walk of a pharmacy.
That is why we are backing them with Pharmacy First, with £645 million of extra funding, whereby people can now go to see their pharmacist, rather than their GP, to get treatments for the seven most common ailments, such as ear infections and the like.
Not only will that ensure that they can get treatments closer to home, but it will help to deliver our plan to cut waiting lists and get people the care they need more quickly.
Three North Tyneside schools have been identified as having a structural problem—not reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—and hundreds of pupils are now being taught off site.
The costs of putting those schools right significantly outweigh the £3.5 million school condition allocation funding for all of North Tyneside.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that the Department for Education applies this policy: if it is alerted to significant issues with a building that cannot be managed with local resources, it will provide additional support on a case-by-case basis?