The Prime Minister has also announced £500 million of additional funding, which takes us to £3 billion of military aid to Ukraine this financial year.
We continue to work with international allies and partners to ensure coherence, and to co-ordinate our support to Ukraine, including through the international capability coalitions; we co-lead the maritime and drone coalitions.
We recently announced a complete package of £325 million for cutting-edge drones.
That will deliver more than 10,000 drones for the Ukrainian armed forces.
In March, we were pleased to congratulate the first 10 Ukrainian pilots who completed their basic flying training in the United Kingdom.
Those trainees join more than 65,000 Ukrainians who have received training in the UK since 2014, including more than 39,000 recruits trained since 2022 through Operation Interflex.
Turning to Georgia, we continue to observe with concern the events in Tbilisi, including yesterday’s violent clashes in and around the Georgian Parliament and the intimidation of peaceful protesters.
The United Kingdom, along with our partners, is committed to the right of peaceful protest, and we are concerned about the introduction of the law on transparency of foreign influence.
The UK is a close friend of Georgia, and as such, we call for calm and restraint on all sides.
We hope to continue to work with Georgia, with which we have a deep and long-standing partnership, and to support the legitimate aspirations of the Georgian people, as they pursue a free, sovereign and democratic future.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting a UQ on this important issue; it is much appreciated.
I also thank the Minister for his helpful response, and all right hon.
and hon.
Members who have stayed in the Chamber.
We woke up to reports of Ukraine attempting to push back in the Kharkiv region, and then heard the Russian Defence Ministry claim that its air forces have destroyed 10 long-range missiles, known as ATACMS—army tactical missile systems—that Ukraine’s military launched at Crimea overnight.
The media reporting may have settled down, but the situation there is as volatile as it has ever been, and the ripple effect across the entire region continues.
Secretary Blinken from President Biden’s Administration is visiting Ukraine to give it physical and military assistance and encouragement.
The Minister will know that Georgia is also pushing forward legislation, as Russia tries to restore its empire of old and control all its former satellite states.
The Russian threat is clearly undermining democratic processes in the entire region.
I understand and agree with the UK’s clear public stance of support for Ukraine, and I congratulate the Government and the Minister on what has been done, and what will be done in future, but the situation demands further action.
I am keen to get the Minister’s response on what that further action will be.
Will he make clear what further, enhanced help we can give to facilitate the democratic process, aside from our vital military aid to the region?
The war that began in 2022 is on the precipice.
How can we ensure that the result is a victory for democracy and freedom—not simply for Ukraine but for Georgia, and for all of us globally?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for asking an extremely good and valid question that puts the issue of Ukraine in regional context—in the context of the influence that Russia has sought to exert over its former satellite states.
He is right that the frontline in Ukraine is turbulent.
A full picture is yet to emerge, but we can be certain of our continued resolve to ensure that our Ukrainian friends prevail; that is the unavoidable direction of travel.
The ongoing visit of Secretary Blinken reminds us of the remarkable heft and scale of western support, in which we play our part very proudly.
The resolute support of the friends of Ukraine will help it to prevail, despite turbulence and Russia’s attempts to create a new dynamic on a very turbulent frontline.
The hon.
Gentleman asks cogent questions about Georgia.
He is right that Georgia knows more than any other country about the depredations of a Russian invasion, following the horrifying events of 2008.
We are clear that Georgia has the sovereign right to pursue its own autonomous path.
If it seeks to turn its eyes to the west—towards NATO membership, and maybe membership of the European Union—it is the sovereign right of Georgia to forge its own destiny.
We will continue to co-operate in earnest and sincere partnership with the Georgians, with whom we have a very meaningful defence relationship.
I have had the pleasure of visiting Tbilisi twice as a Foreign Office Minister, and of seeing the tremendous institutional work that we do with the Georgians, who have a fine defence tradition.