The United Nations Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities recently concluded that the UK Government have “failed to take all appropriate measures to address grave and systematic violations of the human rights of persons with disabilities and has failed to eliminate the root causes of inequality and discrimination.”
With those damning findings in mind, will the Minister confirm whether an equality impact on the proposed welfare reforms has been carried out, and if so, can we expect it to be made public?
I will write to the hon.
Lady on that question.
I can reassure her that I have met her and my counterparts in the devolved space regarding PIP reforms and the wider consultations, to ensure that we are hearing voices from everyone.
As I said earlier, the UK is a signatory to the UN convention on the rights of  persons with disabilities, and we remain committed to ensuring that the UK is one of the best places to live and work as a disabled person.
I come from caring and a family that lived with disablement.
We must listen to disabled people, stop scaremongering and ensure that they are understood.
That is exactly what our reforms and engagement are all about.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on state pension equality.
Ministers in the Department for Work and Pensions continue to have regular discussions about state pension inequality.
We introduced the new state pension in 2016, which improves outcomes for many women.
Outcomes will equalise for men and women by the early 2040s—more than a decade earlier than under the previous system.
Some WASPI—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—women in Bedford are living in severe financial hardship, having had their pension income stolen, in some cases twice.
Their right to compensation has been tested and won.
Given that a WASPI woman dies every 13 minutes, does the Minister agree that a compensation scheme needs to be set up immediately?
It should not be a one-size-fits-all package, but it must be simple, clear and easy to operate.
I know that this issue is very emotive.
For all of us with constituents who are worried about their pension age, I remind them that pension credit provides a safety net for people on low incomes, so they should look at the benefits calculator on gov.uk.
There will be a full debate on the ombudsman’s report tomorrow, and the Government will take all views into account as we identify and implement the next steps.
The ombudsman’s report is complex and substantial, and the investigation covers 30 years.
I appreciate that all parties want to see the situation resolved as quickly as possible.
As the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions has said, there will be no undue delay, and we will be listening to everyone.
What steps she is taking with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to help ensure that health and social care providers collect sex-based data.
NHS England plans to make further changes to reporting on sex and gender in national datasets once the unified information standard for protected characteristics has been approved and published.
This will unify reporting on eight of the nine protected characteristics, including gender reassignment and sex.
I know that the Secretary of State agrees that vulnerable women with learning disabilities and all women should be able to access same-sex care,  particularly with regard to intimate physical care.
That is especially important in the light of the shocking report by the Women’s Rights Network and Jo Phoenix on rape and sexual assault in hospitals and care settings.
That is why the proper collection of data based on sex is vital.
Does the Minister agree?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We are currently consulting on the NHS constitution, which will give women not just the right to same-sex accommodation in hospitals, but the right to ask for someone of the same sex to conduct intimate examinations.
There are safeguards, and we are looking at some of the incidents in trusts in order to better protect patients and staff.
She is absolutely right to raise the issue of data collection and ensuring that that is happening.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to encourage more people from Black, Asian and ethnic minority communities to start up a business.
The Government have worked to advance equality of access to start-up opportunities, irrespective of social background or race.
We have a range of business support programmes and Government-backed financial support through Help to Grow:
Management, growth hubs and the British Business Bank.
The success of our endeavours to engage and support diverse business leaders can be seen in the data.
In 2023, 44% of the 30,000 people in England helped by the business support helpline were from ethnic minority backgrounds.