If Putin wins, he will not stop at Ukraine.
That is why the Government have had, and will continue to have, Labour’s fullest support for military aid to Ukraine and for reinforcing NATO’s allies across eastern Europe.
Every commitment of UK military aid since Putin invaded has had Labour’s fullest support, and that will continue.
With a general election later this year, there may be a change in Government, but there will be no change to Britain’s resolve in standing with Ukraine, confronting Russian aggression, and pursuing Putin for his war crimes.
On Georgia, we are deeply concerned by the increased pressure on civil society freedoms and by the intimidation of protesters.
The proposed draft law is not in line with democratic values, and risks taking Georgia away from the Euro-Atlantic aspirations of the Georgian people.
What discussions has the Minister had with the US, the EU and other regional partners on the latest developments in Georgia?
Is the UK putting Georgia on the agenda for the G7 meeting in Italy and the upcoming European Political Community meeting?
What steps is he taking with our allies to counter Russian disinformation and hybrid activities in Georgia and across the Caucasus, the western Balkans and the rest of Europe?
What support has been given to help Ukraine build up its air defences to stop air and drone strikes on critical infrastructure, especially in the Kharkiv region?
How much of the money committed to the international fund for Ukraine has been spent and how much is left to be spent?
The UK will stand with the Ukrainians for as long as it takes for them to win.
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman pointed out the remarkable courage of our Ukrainian friends in their efforts to counter the new axis of advance in the Kharkiv region, and we sincerely welcome the continued cross-party support for Ukraine.
The hon.
Gentleman expressed a concern, which we share, about the new law passed in Georgia.
That is on the agenda of our discussions with allies; it is beyond  my scope to comment on what might be on the agenda for the G7 or the EPC, but it is certainly an issue of concern that we discuss with trusted partners, and we have done so very frequently recently.
A huge amount of institutional effort from our side is going into countering disinformation across the entire region, as well as in the western Balkans and central Asia—the former so-called satellite states of Russia, which have a particular vulnerability to disinformation from the Kremlin.
I will not go into detail about that effort, but it is a significant piece of work and will continue to be important.
The hon.
Gentleman asked a good question about air defence.
We have gifted thousands of units of air defence to Ukraine.
There will surely be more to come.
The uplift in financial support that we have announced will clearly be an issue for the Ukrainians through our gifting programme, and air defence will feature heavily in that.