During the Northern Ireland Assembly campaign, some female candidates were subjected to AI-generated deepfakes and grossly offensive content.
What action are the Government taking to regulate the dissemination of such imagery where it could affect the otherwise freely expressed choice of voters at the ballot box, especially as we approach a general election in the coming months?
The Online Safety Act 2023 introduced new offences that criminalise sharing or threatening to share an intimate image without consent, which includes deepfake intimate images.
The Government are working to ensure that we are ready to respond to the full range  of threats to our democratic processes, including through the defending democracy taskforce.
If deepfakes are discovered by users on social media, they should report them directly to the platform.
In the case of elections, they should be reported directly to the Electoral Commission, because it is already an electoral offence to make false statements of fact about the character or conduct of a candidate during an election.
Having endured an induced coma and six rounds of chemotherapy, 17-year-old Leoni Miller launched her new business at a WayfinderWoman event last month.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in wishing Leoni every success and outline what support and advice is available so that other young women see running their own business as a real prospect?
I wish Leoni every success.
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
In March, we proudly announced the launch of the invest in women taskforce, whose mission is to make the UK the best place in the world to be a female founder.
Since the taskforce’s launch, its members have been working with the private sector to begin raising funds for female founders just like her constituent.
Both Baroness Cumberlege in the “First Do No Harm” report and the patient safety commissioner in the Hughes report recommend a redress scheme for women harmed by surgical mesh.
What conversations is the Minister having with Government colleagues to make the redress scheme a reality for those women, who are still suffering?
It is this Conservative Government who have commissioned the patient safety commissioner to do a report on what redress would look like.
It is important that we take those recommendations in detail.
We are looking at that and we aim to respond to the commissioner in the coming weeks.
Some sporting bodies have interpreted the Equality Act 2010 in such a way that they believe they cannot lawfully ban males who identify as girls or women from competing in women’s sport.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that interpretation is not correct and that it is lawful to exclude all males from female sport to achieve safety and fairness for women and girls?
I agree.
There is so much misinformation out there and incorrect guidance that creates confusion.
I recently had a roundtable with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, and she and I agreed that sports bodies in the UK need to tackle this area more strongly.