The clear message from yesterday’s Farm to Fork summit is that food security matters.
As we await today’s written statement on ground-mounted solar, can my right hon.
Friend assure me that proposed solar installations in my constituency, which would cover thousands of acres of agricultural land—from a 2,100 acre installation in the Claydons, called Rosefield, to smaller but equally destructive ones, such as the one proposed for an area near the village of Kimblewick—now have less chance of getting approved?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this.
Particularly at a time of increasing geopolitical risk, we must protect this nation’s food security and our most valuable agricultural land.
We  can achieve our solar deployment targets by using brownfield sites and rooftops away from our best farmland.
I know he looks forward to the Energy Secretary’s statement later today, which will ensure we avoid using our best agricultural land.
Like him, I agree that we should be backing British farmers to produce more food.
That is good for our country, our economy and our food security.
I have seen for myself the mouldy and damp accommodation that our military families are sometimes forced to live in, so I was disappointed this week to find out that the officer in charge of accommodation wrote to families this month to say that requests for non-urgent repairs are not currently affordable.
The Prime Minister has spent this week claiming that defence is a priority, so when will he prioritise a safe, warm and decent home for the servicemen and women who put their life on the line for us?
We are committed to ensuring that our armed forces personnel and their families have safe and well maintained accommodation.
At this point, 96% of service family accommodation meets or exceeds the Government’s decent homes standard.
Last year, we put aside an extra £400 million of investment to improve things.
The Ministry of Defence has set up a dedicated hotline to ensure that when issues are reported, those complaints are investigated by a professional surveyor.
I know there have been several improvements made specifically to accommodation in the hon.
Lady’s area.
We are able to continue backing our armed forces personnel and the job they do for us because the Conservative party is the only party in this place that is committed to increasing our defence spending.
This week, the all-party parliamentary group on birth trauma published our first report, called “Listen to Mums: Ending the Postcode Lottery on Perinatal Care”.
This was the first national inquiry by cross-party politicians on the issue.
We received more than 1,300 testimonials from the public.
I thank the Health Secretary for attending our report launch on Monday.
I am delighted that she has agreed to our headline recommendation for a national comprehensive maternity strategy, to be published by NHS England.
Will the Prime Minister fully back our report and implement all our recommendations, to ensure that all mothers in this country get the aftercare that they deserve?