We encourage every celebration of the diversity in ethnicity that we have in this country.
In particular, the Government want to emphasise equality under the law, the fact that there are not protected groups but protected characteristics, and that everyone should be free from discrimination.
We know that in many events up and down the country, including in Northern Ireland, that is what is being celebrated, and I thank the hon.
Gentleman for highlighting that in the House.
We encourage all local communities to do just that.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the Government’s proposed welfare reforms on disabled people.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the Government’s proposed welfare reforms on disabled people.
The Department engages regularly with the Cabinet Office on the different options for reshaping the current welfare system set out in the health and disability Green Paper, including on the potential impact on claimants with different health conditions.
The proposed reforms to personal independence payment unjustly target disabled people in a cost of living crisis.
The Multiple Sclerosis Society found that nearly two in three people with MS said that the application process had a negative effect on their physical and mental health.
Instead of pursing reforms that risk worsening inequality, will the Minister make representations to scrap informal observations to any PIP changes, as has already been done with the adult disability payment in Scotland?
We want to understand how best to target support for disabled people and those with health conditions, to provide the right kind of support for those who need it most, and to ensure value for the taxpayer.
Providing the right support to people who need it most, and understanding long-term health conditions and how people want to live independently and reach their full potential, is key to that.
We must also ensure that disabled people feel understood and have a voice, which is why I strongly urge people to be part of that consultation and have their say.
We want to hear from disabled people—that is what they say to me: they want to be heard and understood.
In November, when I raised the concerns of Parkinson’s UK about changes to the work capability assessment, the then Minister agreed to meet the organisation.
Six months on, there has been no meeting, and the Minister has replied to my follow-up written questions with standard answers about meeting a number of organisations.
Will she step up to the plate and meet Parkinson’s UK to hear directly its concerns about the changes to welfare reform for those suffering from Parkinson’s?
I try not to give standard answers, and I will not give a standard answer to that question.
I recently met people who were diagnosed with Parkinson’s early—perhaps as young as 35—and I am happy to meet more broadly with Parkinson’s UK.
I recently met Mind, and as much as my diary allows, and at events in the House, I engage with advocates for disabled people and those with health conditions.
I am happy to pick up that meeting, because if it is not already in my diary, it should be soon.