The Prime Minister is literally letting criminals out early.
The only answer to the question that I have asked—whether domestic abusers should be exempt from his early release scheme—from anyone who is serious about security is yes.
Perhaps the most ludicrous part of the Prime Minister’s speech on Monday was when he said that he would not accept the idea that any of the problems people were facing had been caused by 14 years of Conservative Government.
He will not say how many prisoners the Government have released early; he will not say whether they are burglars, abusers or stalkers; he will not say where they are or what support their victims are getting.
Yet he thinks he has the right to tell people that they cannot blame his Government for any of it.
Does he not think that, rather than confiscating lanyards like some jumped-up milk monitor, he should stop issuing “Get out of jail free” cards to prisoners who are considered to be a risk to children?
Another week with no ideas and absolutely no plans for the country!
The Opposition have had 14 years to think about nothing but the future, but all they can do is talk about the past.
I am surprised that the Leader of the Opposition did not bring up what has happened in the week since we last met.
Statistics have confirmed that we have had the joint fastest growth rate in the G7 this year.
The Bank of England has said that the economy has “turned a  corner”, EY has said that our growth is “impressive”, and the chief economist at the independent Office for National Statistics has said that “the economy is going gangbusters.”
The shadow Chancellor may want to copy and paste their comments into her next speech—or does she think that they are all “gaslighting” the British public too?
While I understand the need to upgrade our broadband infrastructure, it cannot be right that a company called BRSK is proposing to erect telegraph poles at the Squirrels estate in Hayley Green, in my constituency.
The residents are 100% opposed to these proposals, which go against the guidance.
Does the Prime Minister agree that BRSK should abandon its proposals, that there should be a review of permitted development rights in relation to this type of infrastructure, and that he should give Ofcom more power to investigate breaches?