On Monday, the Prime Minister outlined what he considers to be extremist threats to our society, and in doing so he actively compared North Korea, Iran and Russia with those people in Scotland who believe in independence, so can I ask him to rise, once, to the standards befitting his office, and apologise for those puerile and pathetic remarks?
That is not what I said, but I will say to the hon.
Gentleman that his party is indeed a threat to the integrity of the United Kingdom.
I hate to remind him that that is literally its entire purpose.
When the people of Scotland accepted the referendum result in 2014, it was the SNP that didn’t.
It went on creating a Minister for independence, focusing on constitutional wrangling and ignoring the needs of the people.
Education standards are falling and taxes are rising.
It is the right hon.
Gentleman who should finally do the right thing: end the obsession with independence, and put the needs of the Scottish people first.
Let us be clear.
What the Prime Minister did was not just equate my colleagues and I to dangerous despots across the world; he proactively compared almost half the Scottish population to a war criminal like Vladimir Putin, and he did so as their Prime Minister, as the man who represents them on the world stage and as the man who on these isles is tasked with defending  their liberties and their democracy.
We know that his sorry time in office is rapidly coming to a conclusion, but is this really how he wants to be remembered?
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman is distracting from the actual record of what the SNP is doing in Scotland.
This obsession with independence means that Scottish schoolchildren are being let down, plummeting down international league tables; the Scottish NHS is the only place in the United Kingdom where funding is actually falling in real terms; and taxes are going up for ordinary hard-working families and small businesses.
That is what the SNP is doing in Scotland while this UK Government are delivering for them.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Uxbridge College, which has recently entered into a pioneering partnership with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
This is groundbreaking work for the further education sector and it will have great benefits for local businesses and local students, and for the education sector and the local economy.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Uxbridge College and the West London Institute of Technology on their collaboration with MIT.
This is equipping students with the skills of the future that local businesses require, and that is very much the story of this Government, with the biggest long-term settlement for post-16 education in this country in years and a proud record of creating over 5.5 million apprenticeships since 2010—providing opportunity for all, while the Labour party wants to halve the number of apprenticeships and put a brake on people’s aspirations.
My party, Plaid Cymru, has secured a crucial win for our farmers as Labour in Wales is forced to pause the sustainable farming scheme.
We have done our bit for farmers; now it is time the Prime Minister did his.
Harmful trade deals and Brexit checks are hitting our world-famous Welsh lamb and beef.
Will he therefore guarantee to Welsh farmers that he will never again sign a deal that threatens their interests?
If the right hon.
Lady cares about Welsh farmers, perhaps she should stop propping up the Welsh Labour Government.
It was actually the work of the Welsh Conservatives that ensured that there was a spotlight on the Labour Government’s proposals in Wales, which would have led to thousands of job losses and less food security for our country, and destroyed rural incomes.
Farmers rightly described it as “bleak”, “damaging” and “shocking”, just like the Labour party’s approach to rural Britain.
Barnet Hospital’s A&E is expanding, Finchley Memorial Hospital has had its diagnostics hub boosted by new equipment and there are more appointments in general practice locally than there were before the pandemic, but I still have constituents who are waiting too long for NHS care, so can I urge the Prime Minister to redouble his efforts to grow the NHS workforce and get waiting times down?
I am delighted to hear about the new community diagnostics centre at my right hon.
Friend’s local hospital.
We are working tirelessly to reduce the overall NHS waiting list, which has come down by around 200,000 since September last year.
That is an achievement in light of the pressures from industrial action, but she is right: there is more to do.
Our productivity plan will free up clinicians to spend more time with patients and, to her point, our long-term plan for the NHS will ensure that we train more doctors and more nurses to meet the workforce requirements of the NHS for the future.
Thirty thousand Palestinian deaths are not enough to move this Prime Minister to end arms sales to Israel.
The killing of British aid workers is not enough to move the Prime Minister to end arms sales.
It even seems that an all-out assault on Rafah, with all the death and destruction that would entail, would not be enough for him, unlike the US, so just what on earth would be enough finally to move this Prime Minister into the same position as  the majority of the British public and end arms sales  to Israel?
I point out to the hon.
Gentleman that, unlike the US, the UK Government do not directly sell arms to Israel, and neither do the UK Government offer any military lethal aid packages to Israel, as the US does.
He should not conflate these issues.
As part of the Government’s robust arms control regime, we regularly review advice to ensure compliance with international law, and Ministers act in accordance with that advice.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, our position with regard to export licences is unchanged following the most recent assessment, and it is, indeed, in line with other partners, including the United States.
As a member of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, I am delighted that the Prime Minister found time yesterday to ignite the light of liberation at the start of its journey to Normandy to commemorate the sacrifices made for the liberation of Europe.
In this War Graves Week, will my right hon.
Friend join me in confirming that standing up to tyrants who bring about war in Europe is as much in our national interest today as it was 80 years ago?