I am already a little confused by the Minister’s answers this morning.
In December I raised the issue of the disability pay gap, and she replied from the Dispatch Box that the Government were closing the disability employment gap.
She has mentioned this morning that that is apparently happening, but the numbers tell a different story: in the period from January to March 2024, 100,000 fewer people with disabilities were in employment compared with the same period 12 months earlier.
Why does she think the plan is not working?
The hon.
Lady and I could trade statistics, but what I am interested in is opportunities for disabled people and people with health conditions, hence the work we are doing on the Buckland review, and indeed on entrepreneurship and the Lilac review—there will be further updates on that to the House shortly.
If the hon.
Lady is ready to listen, I can reassure her that we are working on the Disability Confident scheme and are doing further work on the employment goal, and I will update the House soon.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support women experiencing menopause at work.
In March last year we appointed Helen Tomlinson as the Government’s first ever menopause employment champion.
She has been working up and down the country, visiting businesses large and small and giving them advice on policies to support menopausal women in the workplace.
She recently published her 12-month review, “Shattering the Silence about Menopause”.
I am grateful for that reply.
Labour is the party of women’s equality.
The previous Labour Government did more to advance equality than any other, and the next one will match that record.
We are committed to supporting women experiencing menopause to thrive at work by requiring large employers to adopt menopause action plans.
Will the Minister do the same?
As usual, this Government have already done all of that work.
In England we have the Wellbeing of Women pledge, which the NHS, the civil service and this Parliament have signed.
We will take no lectures from Labour on women’s health.
While we have had a women’s health strategy for two years, Labour-run Wales has no health plan for women.