Those of us on the SNP Benches join the cross-party support, and I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on securing the urgent question.
To follow the question from the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee on what more we can do for Ukraine, does the Minister agree that now is the time for the UK to join other NATO allies in supporting the Czechia munitions programme, on top of what has already been provided?
On Georgia, the Government state that their aim is “to advance Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration through…security cooperation and support for democratic reforms.”
Given the Dream party’s lurch away from democratic reform, how stable is that integration and security co-operation?
Does the Minister agree that it is time for the people of Georgia to have their say on the Dream party’s agenda?
We have not joined the Czech programme because it would replicate work that we are already doing, but we commend its activities and see it as part of a broader solution to mobilise effort to increase the flow of munitions, so it is welcome.
Clearly, the political future of Georgia is a question for Georgians themselves, but we note that there is a lively debate, which has of course spilled out on to the streets of Tbilisi, about the direction of travel.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that the direction of travel—whether Euro-Atlantic or anything else—should be a function of the democratic expression of the people of Georgia.
I applaud the number of personnel trained under Operation Interflex, but does the Minister support my call to extend that operation to train Ukrainian female defender volunteers?
Yes, of course.
We will train whoever the Ukrainians send us.
I warned in 2014 that if we kept on feeding the crocodile, the danger was that we would be last on the menu.
That is why it is so important that we get the next steps right over the next two years in making sure that Putin does not win in Ukraine.
Two things still perplex me.
First, why have we and our allies, as a united team, not dramatically ramped up the production of the artillery that Ukraine actually needs?
Secondly, why have we yet to seize Russian state assets sitting in British and European banks to repurpose them for reparations to pay for the reconstruction of Ukraine?
We are ramping up the production of artillery right across Europe and in states beyond Europe.
That is a complex effort involving the military industrial base.
Those steps are in place, and I am confident that we will see an increase in supply.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about state assets.
Of course we want that to be the outcome, but the route must be legal.
We in Britain, relative to the size of our Army, have given more military equipment to Ukraine than anyone.
We have now given the Ukrainians all our heavy artillery to help them fight.
Kharkiv cannot be allowed to fall.
But let us be honest: all the kit that the Ukrainians needed to have won this war already—from F-16s to long-range missiles—has been sitting in American storage depots for two years.
When will we get it through to the  occupant of the White House that if he carries on dithering and the Russians take Kharkiv, not only do the Ukrainians lose, but he loses, too—literally?
My right hon.
Friend makes a pertinent and correct point.
Of course, we led as hard as we could in the aftermath of the invasion, and we led the way with the critical provision of systems such as NLAW—the next generation light anti-tank weapon.
Historians will reflect on whether the months following the invasion were an opportunity missed to give a decisive advantage to our Ukrainian friends, but our focus now is on ensuring that, in the round and overwhelmingly, the combined effect of the huge package from the United States, as well as ours and that of all friendly nations, can ensure that the Ukrainians maintain their defence and, ultimately, liberate their sovereign homeland.
Some time ago, I asked the Prime Minister about our relationship with Turkey.
We might have some issues with Turkey, but the fact remains that, as it is geographically next door to Georgia, its strategic position is crucial.
Furthermore, Turkey has important links with many of the players in this deeply dangerous situation.
What conversations is the Foreign Office having with Ankara about resolving this situation?
I think I can answer on behalf of my cross-departmental colleagues by saying that there are many conversations.
We recognise the centrality of Turkey’s importance as a strong NATO ally and a nation with tremendous military confidence.
It has also made a remarkable contribution to the defence of Ukraine’s sovereignty by the provision of the remarkable Bayraktar weapons system.