The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 May.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Residents across the eastern villages of Woking, in Byfleet, West Byfleet and Pyrford, have seen a large number of proposed developments in recent years.
Of particular concern is an area of beautiful fields near West Hall, where more than 1,000 constituents have written back to me in recent weeks, expressing their deep concerns about the lack of provision of local infrastructure and the potential effects on the local environment.
My residents and I will fight on, but does the Prime Minister agree that Labour’s proposals to concrete over vast swathes of the green belt in Surrey and the south-east would be a complete calamity?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Unlike both the Liberal Democrats and Labour, who believe in top-down targets that would decimate the green belt, we believe in local people having a say over their local communities.
That is why we are ensuring that we make best use of brownfield land and that we conserve and enhance our precious countryside for generations to come.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
On Monday, the Prime Minister treated us to his seventh relaunch in 18 months.
He vowed to take on the dangers that threaten the country, so it was good to see the Minister for common sense immediately take up that mantle by announcing a vital crackdown on the gravest of threats—colourful lanyards.
Meanwhile, in the real world, after 14 years of Tory Government, the prison system is in chaos.
Does the Prime Minister think that his decision to let prisoners out 70 days early makes our country more secure?
Civil service impartiality is an important principle that we are right to support—perhaps the right hon.
and learned Gentleman could ask his chief of staff about that.
What I did on Monday was outline the serious security threats that our country faces from an axis of authoritarian states: Russia poisoning people on our streets; China targeting our democracy; and Iranian proxies firing on British ships.
Yet he will not back our plan to increase defence spending and we all know why—especially since the deputy leader and the shadow Foreign Secretary voted to scrap our nuclear deterrent.
It is clear that you simply cannot trust Labour with our country’s security.
I appreciate that the Prime Minister has been busy on the frontline of the war against lanyards.
He must have missed that I was the first to call for 2.5% on defence spending.
The last time that happened was under the last Labour Government.
It needs a credible plan, not his fantasy economics.
I am disappointed to see that version 7.0 of the Prime Minister’s time in office does not extend as far as answering questions or giving any information on those prisoners he is releasing early—basic details such as how many, where are they and what crimes have they  committed.
Will he at least guarantee that none of the criminals who he is instructing prisons to release early is considered high-risk?
There are strict eligibility criteria in place, with exclusions based on public safety.
No one would be put on the scheme if they were deemed a threat to public safety.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about 2.5%, but if he thinks that is important—I think he just stood up and acknowledged that it was the right thing to do—we have a fully funded plan to deliver an increase in defence spending.
He and his party have refused to match that commitment.
Just like his £46 billion—fully funded!
If anyone was looking for the perfect metaphor for this shambolic Government, we saw it on Monday.
The Prime Minister woke up deciding his latest rebrand was “Mr Security”, but within hours the Tory party was being investigated for accidentally publishing the personal details of hundreds of people.
He must be the only tech bro—brother—in the country who cannot work a debit card or send an email.
[Interruption.]
But he has not answered my question, so I will try again.
Are any of the prisoners he is currently letting out early considered to be high-risk?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman just showed spectacularly why he is just not fit to lead this country into the future.
This country has a proud tradition of leading the world.
We led the world when it came to the industrial revolution, but if he was around he would have probably called James Watt the steam bro.
What we are doing is preparing the country for the future.
He talks about the prison scheme.
Let me be crystal clear: no one would be put on the scheme if they were deemed a threat to the public.
Offenders are subject to the toughest of licensing conditions and, if those conditions are broken, they are back in prison for considerably longer.
But what is his record on this?
He voted against tougher sentences for violent criminals.
He actually opposed new powers for the police to tackle violent crime and voted against new laws that have arrested 1,000 criminal people smugglers.
The message is crystal clear: he cannot be trusted to keep this country safe.
I appreciate that all this rebranding has taken all the Prime Minister’s time, but he may want to read the recent inspection report into Lewes prison on this topic, which I have asked him twice about.
It documents, on page 5: “high-risk prisoners…being released at short notice without sufficient…planning”.
Page 46 states: “a high-risk prisoner had his release date brought forward…despite having a history of stalking, domestic abuse and…a restraining order.”
In the report’s words, “He was a risk to children”.
Does the early release of stalkers, domestic abusers and those considered a risk to children sound like the work of someone who is making the country more secure?
As I said, no one should be put on the scheme if they are a threat to the public.
Let me be crystal clear: it does not apply to anyone serving a life sentence, anyone convicted of a serious violent  offence, anyone convicted of terrorism, or anyone convicted of a sex offence.
Crucially, in contrast to the system Labour put in place, governors in the prison service have an absolute lock so that no one is put on the scheme who should not be.
Labour’s scheme let out thousands upon thousands of violent offenders on to our streets and even two terrorists.
Thankfully, we have toughened up sentencing against those criminals with new legislation, but the right hon.
and learned Gentleman voted against it.
Well, I am glad to hear that those on life sentences are not being released early.
The Prime Minister may not think that releasing domestic abusers is a problem, but Labour has repeatedly called for domestic abusers to be exempt from the scheme to release prisoners early.
His Government have shamefully ignored those calls.
Now that we have the evidence that domestic abusers are being released early—the Lewes report—will he finally change course and back Labour’s calls?
I have been crystal clear.
There is an absolute governor lock on people who are put on the scheme, in contrast to the last Labour scheme.
Prisoners were let out with no supervision, no electronic tags.
In fact, 80,000 offenders were let out—16,000 were violent, leading to multiple murders committed.
We fixed that system.
When it comes to this question, not only are we building the biggest prison programme in history, but we are deploying rapid deployment cells.
On the Conservative Benches, we understand the importance of prison, unlike one of his Front Benchers, who said, “Prison doesn’t prevent crime”.
It is always the same with the Labour party: soft on crime and soft on criminals.