That is a very good question.
The support we are giving is welcoming those countries as brother and sister countries into the defensive NATO alliance.
In our case, we are very proud to have our enhanced forward presence battle group in Tallin and Estonia.
Any Members who have visited that battle group, as I have, know that there is a tremendous esprit de corps generated by the tremendous joint defensive work carried out by our British soldiers alongside their Estonian allies.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Mr Barry Sheerman, supported by Debbie Abrahams, presented a Bill to require a person carrying out delivery services by motorcycle or moped to hold a full licence; to provide for penalties for an employer who employs a delivery rider who holds a provisional licence; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 21 June , and to be printed (Bill 218).
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
It has been my honour to be the MP for Hemel Hempstead for the past 19 years.
Whenever I have had the opportunity, I have always tried to raise and honour the name of Captain Robert Laurence Nairac, George Cross, my captain in the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
He was lost, or captured—whatever way we want to describe it—on the night of  14 May .
We think, although we do not actually know, that he was murdered the following day.
Today is the anniversary.
It is right and proper that this House acknowledges the work of our armed forces, particularly on Op Banner, but we should recognise that Captain Nairac was a different sort of officer in many ways—I think we would all accept that.
For instance, he broke my nose for the first time while sparring in the boxing ring, I must admit, but he also left six pints of Guinness on the NAAFI bar at the end of the evening because I gave him a good dig back.
That was what he was about: he was in the armed forces and in Northern Ireland because he wanted to make a difference for the people of Northern Ireland.
That is something that this House should respect.
First, may I say that I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for informing me that he would raise this matter?
As he knows, it is not a point of order for the Chair, but the House will understand why he wanted to put that point on record, and he has done so eloquently, as he has done in previous years.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hemel Hempstead (Sir Mike Penning) , who almost every year has visited the church of St Mary de Lode in Gloucester in order to pay tribute to and commemorate the work done by Captain Nairac, GC, whose memory is also celebrated there through a stained-glass window in his honour.
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend for continuing to raise this matter year after year.
Once again, that is also not a point of order, but it is certainly on the record.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for a power to require a person to grant access to their digital devices in the course of a lawful inspection under the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 where there is a reasonable suspicion that the device may contain child sexual abuse material; to provide that refusal to grant such access constitutes an offence; and for connected purposes.
I begin by outlining the scale of the problem this Bill seeks to tackle.
Up to 835,000 individuals in the United Kingdom represent a sexual risk to children, according to the national strategic assessment.
We also know that 85% of online offenders are hands-on abusers, too.
One in four girls and one in six boys are sexually assaulted before the age of 18.
Child sexual abuse material—or CSAM—is abundant online, so much so that almost 30 million unique CSAM files are known to UK law enforcement, and the number is growing all the time.
The digital age has brought with it tremendous opportunities for advancement in many areas, communication has never been easier and the world has never been smaller, but as the world has become smaller, criminal networks have grown larger.
Law enforcement is still having to play catch up, and as a result—tragically, unforgivably—more and more children are becoming victims to sexual predators.
The UK Border Force is our first line of defence against people travelling with the intent to cause harm, whatever that may be.
Its search powers have been sufficient to stop terrorists and drug smugglers, but they are not sufficient to stop child abusers.
That is because the law governing the scope of its search powers was drafted in the 1970s—long before the digital age.
A single photo taken from one of today’s smartphones could easily exceed the entire capacity of even the highest-spec 1970s floppy disk, then at the revolutionary cutting edge of computing.
It was an era when it was not even conceivable that sexual predators would be travelling across borders with potentially thousands of illegal photos and videos in the palm of their hand.
The outdated law in question is the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979.
It grants the power for a Border Force agent to search an individual and their baggage to detect the import or export of prohibited goods.
Border Force does not require reasonable grounds to suspect that the individual is in possession of prohibited goods to utilise this power of search in a port environment.
While existing powers permit Border Force to require an individual to present their baggage, including their digital devices, those powers do not extend to requiring a person to open that baggage—to unlock a device.
If they refuse to do so when asked, there is nothing that Border Force can do.
In previous decades, CSAM would amount to a stack of polaroids, which were often unmistakable and readily detectable.
Now all this material is carried digitally, and often behind encryption software and passcodes.
To expand on this point, there have been several examples of lone individuals identified as possessing belongings  associated with the commission of sexual offences against children—for example, toys, lubricants, condoms and children’s underwear.
In these circumstances, where it is reasonable to suspect that the individual may be in possession of digital CSAM, Border Force cannot inspect the digital device unless the individual consents.
Each time this happens, we could be letting a dangerous abuser into the United Kingdom undetected.
As I mentioned in my Westminster Hall debate on the same subject late last year, even when notified, it can take weeks for the police to trace an individual, and there have been cases where a suspect has raped two or more young girls before being caught.
My Bill gives Border Force the power it needs to prevent this.
Under it, an individual refusing to unlock their digital devices would be subject to arrest for a new offence of obstruction.
If an international passenger of any nationality arrives in or departs from the UK and Border Force reasonably suspects the individual to be involved in child sexual abuse, Border Force officers will ask them to unlock their digital device so that they can perform a scan to determine, beyond any reasonable doubt, the presence of CSAM as verified by the Home Office’s database.
If the individual complies, the scan will take place, and if content is detected, the individual will be arrested under the 1979 Act.
If they refuse, they commit an offence, and their devices will be seized and forensically examined by the police or the National Crime Agency.