My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that we were left with a broken system.
May I pay tribute to her for her work on the all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment, which focuses on supporting people into employment?
That is the crucial element of this package.
We will invest substantial sums, rising to £1 billion a year by the end of the Parliament, in supporting people who are out of work on health and disability grounds into work, and I very much look forward to working with her in that endeavour.
When somebody who is out of work moves into a job, the likelihood of their being below the poverty line is halved, so there will be a very positive poverty impact from that commitment.
I have already been contacted by carers in my constituency who are scared about what will happen to them and the people they care for.
I welcome the Minister’s explanations thus far, but there will clearly be a problem with encouraging people who care for others to go out to work, who will say, “Who’s going to care for the person I care for now?”
What message does the Minister have for those who look after very vulnerable people and cannot leave them alone, and who cannot work?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for making that point.
Given his description of the people being cared for, they will continue to receive personal independence payments.
Once the changes have taken effect from November next year, those who do not score at least four points on any of the 10 daily living activities that the benefit conditions set out will not be eligible for personal independence payments.
I would need to look at the particular cases that the hon.
Gentleman has in mind, but I imagine that people who cannot be left alone at home will continue to score at least four points.
Therefore, the carer’s allowance for their carers will continue as at present.
I have the highest respect for my right hon.
Friend, but I am afraid he is not right on this policy.
As a former physiotherapist, I know that many people will not be able to claim carer’s allowance.
Now that we have had the impact assessment, we have seen that nearly 400,000 disabled people will be pushed further into poverty, including 50,000 children, and that 150,000 carers will lose the lifeline of carer’s allowance.
We do not have a social care system to replace it; besides, social care is more expensive.
Today, I want to speak truth to power.
Sometimes Governments get things wrong, and I ask the Government to seriously reflect on these policies.
The first half of Pathways to Work is good, but the second half will let a lot of people down.
Please reflect, and please withdraw this policy.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, but we will not withdraw the policy.
We will certainly reflect on it, and we will consult properly on the content of the Green Paper.
The figures published by the Office for Budget Responsibility yesterday showed that the benefit changes, on their own, will take 250,000 people, including 200,000 adults, below the poverty line, but that is before any consideration of the impact of the big commitment that we are making to employment support —up to £1 billion a year by the end of the Parliament.
That will clearly have a very positive effect in reducing poverty.
The Office for Budget Responsibility will look at all of this over the summer and then update its figures in the autumn.
We will see what it concludes, but I think the balance of this package will be very positive for reducing poverty in the UK.
To help families, the last Government put in place the household support fund, which this Government have continued.
However, it is due to run out in 2026, when the Minister’s changes are coming in.
What hope is there for households who need emergency support if the household support fund will be dropped when his changes come in?
We have retained the household support fund, as the hon.
Member rightly points out, and the future arrangements will be set out in due course.
However, I can reassure him of the absolute commitment of this Government to supporting families who need our support.
The child poverty taskforce is working on this issue at the moment, and will bring forward a strategy to address the problem of child poverty.
The figures published this morning on households  below average income show just what a huge challenge there is, given the very high level of child poverty left by the previous Government.
We will be addressing that.