It is vital that passengers have access to a stable and reliable bus network, and our Bus Services (No. 2) Bill includes a measure that offers greater protection to services from being arbitrarily cancelled or reduced.
Alongside our investment in buses, including £12.2 million for Hertfordshire, this Government are taking action to help local leaders improve their bus services.
Scores of my constituents, including Carole, have told me they oppose the removal of the No. 15 bus service in parts of Calcot, which has meant they cannot get to work, the supermarket, the GP or even the food bank.
I am proud of our bus service in Reading, which is a shining example of a locally run service, and I am glad to see the Government commit to strengthening services further.
Does the Minister agree that local routes need to serve all those who need them in every part of our communities, and will he back my campaign to reinstate the No. 15 bus in Royal Avenue and Garston Crescent?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I encourage her to continue to speak with the operator to understand whether changes can be made to the route to better meet her constituents’ needs.
Our buses Bill, alongside the £2.4 million for Reading and the £1.6 million for West Berkshire, will give local leaders the tools to deliver better bus services for passengers.
Local bus services are part of the integrated travel plans for my constituency, but my constituents also rely on Transport for London to commute into London.
One frustration of my community is that concession fares are offered to London residents who live very close to the Hertfordshire border but not to my constituents.
As accessibility to public transport remains one of my top priorities, will the Minister push Transport for London to extend those concessions to every TFL user regardless of their address?
That is a devolved matter, but I appreciate that TFL also subsidises many routes outside that boundary.
I am happy to pick up that matter with the hon.
Gentleman outside the Chamber.
In my constituency, bus services are a lifeline for residents of all ages, young and old.
I was shocked to hear at a recent meeting at Hereford sixth-form college that 21 students this year have had to stop their studies because of problems with the reliability and cost of public transport.
Our older residents get free bus travel, but our young people do not.
Does the Minister agree that it is essential that every young person is enabled to access education, employment and training?
Will he meet me to discuss how the Department for Transport can work with the Department for Education to ensure that all young people can access those opportunities?