In 2017, South Western Railway ordered 90 new Arterio trains to increase capacity on its rail network.
They were meant to enter service in 2019.
However, six years later, only five are in service—presumably not counting the empty one that sailed by a teeming and seething platform at Wimbledon this morning.
With SWR set to be in Government hands in two months, what steps will be taken to ensure that those trains are finally brought into service?
I know that the Rail Minister is seized of this issue.
He has spoken to me about it, and I understand that it relates to issues with lighting on platforms, what can be seen from the CCTV cameras and the role of the guard.
We are across the detail, and it is important that those issues are resolved before the trains are brought into public ownership on  25 May .
What steps she is taking to support the proposed railway line between Swindon and Oxford.
Great Western Railway is currently operating a trial of direct Saturday services between Bristol Temple Meads and Oxford that call at Swindon.
Officials are working with Great Western Railway to explore the feasibility of expanding the current Saturday trial of services between Bristol and Oxford to other days of the week.
Over the past decade, we have seen uncertainty in the rail sector.
Will the Minister please reassure me that she will be taking decisions differently, to focus on delivery, especially on links such as Swindon to Oxford?
My hon.
Friend will know of the ministerial team’s commitment to Swindon.
We are committed to delivering a unified and simplified rail system that focuses on improved services for passengers and better value for taxpayers.
We are actively exploring the feasibility of the proposal that he described.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of eastward transport links from Gloucestershire.
The Department is working with the rail industry to improve the performance of rail services in Gloucestershire, while Gloucestershire county council’s scheme for the M5 junction 9 and A46 in Ashchurch is currently being considered as part of the Department’s major road network and large local majors programmes.
The Government recently announced a UK-silicon valley project linking Oxfordshire, Milton Keynes and Cambridge.
There was no mention of  Gloucestershire, with its burgeoning cyber-tech and engineering sectors.
From Gloucestershire, our primary arterial road eastward to Oxfordshire is the A40 and it is woefully inadequate as a single carriageway.
Will the Minister meet me to develop improved links eastward from Gloucestershire to the benefit of our neighbours in the east?
Yes, of course.
What steps she is taking to decarbonise the transport sector.
Our new maritime decarbonisation strategy, which launched this week, is the latest demonstration of this Government’s commitment to decarbonising transport.
We are overhauling public transport services to make the sustainable choice the most convenient one, turbocharging the roll-out of electric vehicles and charging infrastructure, and making the UK a world leader in the production and use of sustainable aviation fuels.
I am delighted that our Labour Mayor of South Yorkshire, Oliver Coppard, is bringing local buses back under public control.
Does the Minister agree that taking back control of our buses will allow us to deliver on a low-carbon future for local transport services?
What steps is she taking to increase the roll-out of zero emission buses nationwide?
I too welcome the steps that Mayor Coppard is taking to deliver better bus services for passengers in South Yorkshire.
I know that the Minister for Local Transport was delighted to launch our new UK bus manufacturing expert panel in Sheffield earlier this month, which will help to ensure the UK remains a leader in bus manufacturing.
Expanding the roll-out of zero emission buses is central to our efforts to decarbonise the bus fleet and improve air quality.
Our Bus Services (No. 2) Bill will accelerate that by requiring bus operators not to use new non-zero emission buses.
What steps are the Government taking to address diesel islands, which are sections of track without electrification such as those between Reading and my constituency, to support the decarbonisation of the transport sector and encourage the transition to cleaner rail travel?
The Rail Minister in the other place is very much focused on how we decarbonise our rail sector.
A combination of electrification and extended use of batteries can allow us to do that.
I am sure he will be happy to write to the hon.
Lady about the specifics of the case she raises.
What steps she is taking to improve the accessibility of bus services in Kent.
Improving access to local bus services throughout England is a priority for this Government.
Our reforms through the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill, combined with the £23 million we have allocated to Kent county council in 2025-26, will empower local leaders to deliver better bus services for passengers across Kent.
Conservative-run Kent county council recently confirmed that £9 million of the £10 million grant provided by central Government to improve bus services will go solely to propping up existing services.
That is despite the decline in access to bus services over the past 14 years in Kent, as key routes have been abolished or restricted.
My constituents in Broadmead have no weekend bus service into town, for example.
Does the Minister agree that that is a shocking indictment of the services that the Tories have presided over and that change in May at the local elections is how we improve bus services for our constituents?
I could not agree more with my hon.
and learned Friend.
I am absolutely clear that too often local bus services are not delivering for passengers right across the country.
That is why our ambitious reforms to bus services, including through the buses Bill, will give local leaders the powers they desperately need to reform services to best meet the needs of passengers, including in Kent.
I am proud that our reform to bus funding allocations has meant additional funds for buses across the country, unlike under the Conservatives, who presided over 4.7 million fewer bus miles in Kent alone between 2010 and 2023.
If she will make it her policy to allow holders of category B driving licences to drive community buses.
I am sympathetic to the hon.
Member’s concerns, but to date there is not enough evidence to prove that the repeal of the legislation would not have an adverse impact on road safety.
Since 1997, holders of car driving licences have not received an automatic entitlement to drive minibuses; this is primarily to improve road safety.
My constituency is fortunate to have both Dawlish community transport and Newton Abbot community transport.
They provide vital services for many people who would otherwise be isolated and lonely but, like many other volunteer groups, they are finding it hard to recruit.
Recruiting drivers for their minibus services is a particularly.
Anyone who took their driving test before 1997 automatically got a D1 minibus class licence, as I did.
Since then, younger drivers have had to take a new driving test; the estimated associated training and costs are between £800 and £1,800.
Will the Secretary of State work with me to add exceptions to D1 requirements to cover community transport and other volunteer community groups?
Unfortunately, up to 30% of drivers who take the D1 test fail.
When we are considering changes, it is important that safety is at the forefront of our thinking.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support people to use electric vehicles.
The Government are accelerating the roll-out of charging infrastructure: it was up 32% in the 12 months to  1 March  this year.
We are engaging with industry to improve consumers’ experience, including with contactless payments and design standards.
Electric vehicles also receive favourable tax rates, with targeted grants supporting electric vans, taxis and wheelchair-accessible vehicles.
Some 58,000 households in County Durham, including many in my constituency, are unable to charge their vehicles at home.
What support are the Government giving to innovative local schemes such as kerb charging so that we can make electric vehicles more accessible for all my constituents?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that charge point numbers increased by 45% in rural areas such as the one he represents, and that the North East combined authority received almost £17.3 million from the local electric vehicle infrastructure fund, which means more public charge points for his constituents.
We are also supporting cross-pavement solutions that provide safe charging options for those without driveways, as he describes.
What assessment her Department has made of the effectiveness of the roll-out of electric vehicle charging infrastructure.
rose—[Interruption.]
It actually follows rather well, because— Order.
The Minister has to answer the question first.
It is lovely that people are so keen.
Charge point availability is increasing everywhere.
As of  1 March , there were over 75,000 UK public charging devices, with one added to the network every 29 minutes, but we recognise that there are still regional disparities.
The local EV infrastructure fund will deliver a further 100,000 charge points right across England.
We new boys are still finding our way, Mr Speaker.
My part of the world, Yorkshire, has the lowest EV charging points per head of the whole country.
The National Audit Office has pointed out that only 15% of charging points are in rural areas, compared with 44% in London and the south-east.
The net zero aims will collapse if we do not fix the equitable provision of EV charging points.
What will the Government do to correct those problems?
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise concerns that although charge point availability is increasing rapidly, there are regional disparities and differences between urban and rural areas.
The local EV infrastructure fund is designed purposely to tackle some of that regional disparity.
As I say, charge points in rural areas have increased by 45% in the last year.
The East Riding of Yorkshire, which covers the right hon.
Member’s constituency, has received £2.7 million in LEVI funding; I hope that that will deliver the improvements he seeks for his constituents.
Will the Minister update us on the zero emission vehicle mandate consultation?
When can the sector expect an outcome?
I know that the global challenges facing the automotive industry have been significant over the past couple of months.
During the ZEV mandate consultation, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and I met 95% of the vehicle manufacturers.
We are currently considering carefully the representations that they and others have made.
We will make a further announcement later in the spring.
What steps she is taking to support the maritime sector.
This week we published our maritime decarbonisation strategy, setting decarbonisation goals, along with policy and regulatory measures, to support the sector through the net zero transition.
The strategy provides clarity to the sector and will unlock investment in clean maritime technologies, ensuring that the sector is prepared for a zero-emission future.
The lower Thames crossing announcement a couple of days ago was a disappointment to many of my constituents.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can use a small proportion of the tolls to support the maritime sector, particularly the Tilbury-Gravesend ferry, to reduce congestion and rat-running through the villages?
I recently met my hon.
Friend about her campaign to reinstate the local ferry.
Local ferries are a matter for the competent local transport authority, and I call on Kent county council to help her in that campaign to re-establish the ferry.
I know that she is working with maritime partners, but I am happy to meet her.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I put on record my thanks to all those involved in responding to the major incidents that we have seen unfold on land and at sea in recent weeks.
The collisions of vessels in the North sea and the fire at the electricity  substation serving Heathrow have caused disruption and distress.
I am pleased that recovery has been swift, and I am clear that no stone should be left unturned either in identifying the causes of the incidents or in learning lessons for the future.
I am pleased with the work taking place across my Department to keep Britain moving.
On Monday, we announced what councils need to do to unlock their full share of almost £1.6 billion of investment to repair our broken roads.
For the first time, we are asking every council in England to tell us how many potholes it has fixed to unlock its allocation.
As we strive to make our trains more reliable, I welcome the end of the Avanti West Coast dispute.
Transport continues to drive the Government’s plan for change, unlocking jobs, growth and opportunities for all.
Last weekend in my constituency, our Shrewsbury Moves festival celebrated progress towards our 10-year plan to implement more inclusive and integrated public transport across our beautiful medieval town.
What additional transport is the Department making available to historic and economically thriving towns such as Shrewsbury in order to combat congestion by enabling more integrated public transport?
The Aviation Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , tells me that he was at Shrewsbury Moves on his wedding anniversary and had a very good time.
The integrated national transport strategy will set the long-term vision for transport in England.
Different places face different challenges, so we want to enable local leaders to deliver the right transport for communities.
That will always include good public transport, as well as schemes that balance the needs of drivers, cyclists and pedestrians on the roads.