My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise concerns.
Obviously, enforcement of the rules on using cycles and e-cycles is a matter for the police, but I would be very happy to meet her to discuss the issue.
This week the Government have given a commitment to providing extra EV charging units right across this United Kingdom, so may I ask the Minister a very helpful question?
What discussions has she had with the Northern Ireland Assembly in relation to expanding EV charging infrastructure in the devolved nations?
How can we help Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales to catch up?
As a departmental team, we have regular meetings with our colleagues across the devolved Governments, including on issues of how to extend EV charging, and I would be very happy to pick that up with the hon.
Gentleman further.
My constituency has a very successful passenger branch line, but there also used to be a freight line.
There is a tiny piece of track that, quite inexpensively, could be reopened to carry tin and lithium out through the docks.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the possibility of doing that?
This Government are committed to moving more freight from road to rail, which is the right thing to do for our environment and our economy.
I would be happy to have that meeting with my hon.
Friend.
Derby station has recently been revealed as the seventh worst for delays in the UK.
When people cannot get to work on time, it is not just a pain for them; it also impacts productivity and holds back our local economies.
Will the Secretary of State outline the steps she is taking to tackle delayed trains in Derby and the east midlands, so that the transport system supports economic growth rather than holding it back?
We are working closely with East Midlands Railway and CrossCountry to resolve cancellations and delays, whether related to train fleets, staffing or infrastructure matters.
The reduction in funding for our waterways by 5% year on year from 2027 will have a detrimental impact on the operations of the Dudley Canal and Caverns Trust.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to a review of the funding of our waterways and reinstate that support?
I am happy to look into that issue for my hon.
Friend and provide her with a written update.
I recently met the managing director of Morebus again to call for new services to Hengistbury Head, reinstated services to Throop and better services, such as an improved 33 route and routes to the Royal Bournemouth hospital and the airport.
Does the Minister agree that better buses are good for our communities and our economy, and that there is a lot of growth to unlock in Bournemouth and the south-west with better buses?
My hon.
Friend is a fierce advocate for good public transport in his constituency and I absolutely agree with the sentiment of what he said.
Project Willow reported back last week.
Among the options is a hydrogenated esters and fatty acids plant producing sustainable aviation fuel and renewable diesel, and the report recommends a delay in the implementation of the HEFA cap.
Is the Department currently considering that action?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his commitment to Project Willow at Grangemouth.
We introduced a 2% mandate from  1 January , so 2% of all aviation fuel has to come from sustainable sources.
We will be legislating on the revenue certainty mechanism and looking at how we can contribute to the future of that great site.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions if she will make a statement on the changes to personal independence payments and how that will impact those who receive carer’s allowance.
The “Pathways to Work” Green Paper sets out our plan to fix a broken system, providing proper employment support for those who can work, and a strong and sustainable safety net for everybody who needs it.
We will change personal independence payments to focus support on those in the greatest need.
That change will be in primary legislation, with a full debate and scrutiny in Parliament.
The cost of personal independence payments has increased by £2 billion above inflation in each of the past five years, and those increases are carrying on.
That is simply not sustainable.
In the Green Paper, we are consulting on how best to support those affected by the changes to eligibility, for example with transitional protections for those no longer eligible for PIP and for the entitlements linked to it, including carer’s allowance, as referenced in the hon.
Member’s urgent question, and the universal credit carer element, which is an increasingly important part of the picture.
The PIP changes will be implemented from November next year.
They will apply to new claimants and to people at their award review after that date, and those with severe conditions who will never work will be protected.
I pay tribute to the millions of unpaid carers across the country.
We recognise and value their vital contribution, providing care and continuity of support, including to many people with disabilities.
The 2021 census indicated that approximately 5 million people in England and Wales are doing some unpaid care.
As the hon.
Member knows, we are delivering the biggest ever cash increase in the earnings threshold for carer’s allowance, increasing it by £45 a week to £196, benefiting more than 60,000 carers by 2029-30.
Our reforms will build a system that is fairer and more sustainable so that it will always be there for those with the greatest needs to live with the dignity and support that they are entitled to.
Yesterday saw the biggest cuts to carer’s allowance for decades.
Although we need to manage down appropriately the benefits budget, that needs to be done in a way that is caring, compassionate and far from rushed, which is what we saw yesterday.
We are looking at approximately 150,000 carers losing allowances under these proposals.
Half a billion pounds will be taken away from those who care.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation suggests that some couples will lose £12,000 a year, when PIP cuts and carer’s allowance cuts are taken into account.
While I welcome the apology that the Chief Secretary to the Treasury gave yesterday in relation to his references to pocket money, will the Minister agree that it is inappropriate to compare cuts to PIP with cuts to pocket money?
I very much agree that this all needs to be done in a managed and compassionate way, which is exactly what we are doing, so I do not agree  that it is being rushed.
As I have said, the changes will not happen for more than 18 months—they will not take effect until November 2026.
They will not affect current recipients of personal independence payment until their first award review after November 2026, and review periods are typically three years, so this is definitely not being rushed.
It will happen in a properly planned, staged and careful way.
The hon.
Gentleman referred to couples losing £12,000.
I think he must be referring to instances of people who receive personal independence payment and also receive carer’s allowance for caring for their spouse—he is right that there are some instances of that.
There are couples for whom that happens both ways.
The transitional arrangements we are consulting on, which are referred to in the Green Paper, need to take account of that incidence, but it is absolutely the right thing to do, to ensure that personal independence payment continues in the long term as part of a sustainable benefit system.
We do have to make some reductions, as I think the hon.
Gentleman acknowledged.
If he has another idea on how that can be done, I am interested to know what it is.
By concentrating on those whose impairments are the most severe, which the proposed changes will do, we will be able to ensure that the benefit is there for the long term and that it is sustainable.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that in order to safeguard the future of the welfare system, we must ensure that it is sustainable?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; we have to do that.
Five years ago, we were spending £12 billion on personal independence payment, and this year, in current prices, we will spend £22 billion.
The Government have to address that, precisely as he says, in order to ensure that this crucial safety net is there for the long term.
We will not be means-testing it, freezing it or converting it into vouchers, as the Conservative party suggested; we want it to be a cash benefit that can meet the needs of those who depend on it.