I add my birthday wishes to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
Significantly muddled messages are being sent to the aviation sector.
On the one hand, the Climate Change Committee, upon whose altar the Government appear to worship, wants flights to fall by 2030, which is a massive blow to our aviation sector, while the Government equally say that they want growth and that they want to expand airports.
Who is going to win?
Will Ministers stand up to the Climate Change Committee or are we just going to end up with bigger, emptier airports?
The Climate Change Committee advises; we decide.
We are not going to take any lectures on tough decisions.
I remember when the former Member for Uxbridge was Foreign Secretary in 2018, he concocted a trip to Kabul to avoid a debate on expansion plans for Heathrow.
We are getting on with growing aviation in this country.
If it is tough decisions the Minister wants, I invite him to look at what happened in the Budget of broken promises.
Air passenger duty went up significantly.
For example, a couple flying to New York will pay £204 in tax.
That is a 16% increase.
Does the Minister not see that he needs to stand up to the Treasury if he is going to stand up for the aviation sector?
Otherwise he is doing what socialists always do: tax growth out of existence.
I enjoy the hon.
Member trying to polarise the Chamber.
He is sort of all right at it, but we are getting on with decisions around Luton, Stansted, Heathrow and growing the aviation sector.
Yes, tax is an important element, but in the past two months we have seen the biggest demand ever—even before the pandemic—in people wanting to fly.
That is a testament to the work we are doing in Government to get on with the decisions that should have been taken years ago.
What steps she is taking to promote active travel.
What steps she is taking to promote active travel.
The Government recognise the importance of promoting active travel.
We recently announced almost £300 million of active travel funding, enough for up to 300 miles of new footways and cycleways.
We will say more very soon on the next steps for the third cycling and walking investment strategy.
Increasing active travel by 50% in England would result in 1.8 million fewer GP visits and 4 million fewer sick days.
I therefore welcome the Government’s commitment, reiterated by the Minister, to build 300 miles of new cycle lanes and walkways.
Will the Minister meet me and the Friends of Wharfedale Greenway to see how we can secure investment to open up this amazing active travel corridor in Wharfedale and boost the health of my constituents?
Our investment in active travel will lead to fewer sick days and millions more journeys walked, wheeled and cycled every year.
More than £17 million has been allocated to West Yorkshire for active travel.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I will also ask Active Travel England to make contact with the Friends of Wharfedale Greenway about that specific scheme.
Earlier this week, I was delighted to welcome St Paul’s Youth Forum from my constituency to Parliament.
It does amazing work to provide opportunities to young people, no matter their background.
One example of its work is the On Bikes scheme, which helps young people stay active by offering repairs and bike loans.
Will the Minister join me in celebrating the fantastic work of St Paul’s Youth Forum, and will he consider visiting to see its community work in action?
I am really pleased to hear about St Paul’s.
Giving young people cycle skills is so important, which is why we are investing £30 million a year in Bikeability cycle training in England.
Active travel is a devolved matter, but I am sure my counterpart in the Scottish Government will consider a visit.
Active travel in Eastbourne is being undermined by the poor quality of our roads.
We have potholes on Pacific Drive, Upperton Road, King’s Drive and Milfoil Drive, and poor investment in pedestrian crossings.
Residents in the Hawthorns cannot cross the road safely on Carew Road or The Avenue.
Will the Minister urge Conservative-run East Sussex county council to get a grip of our roads and crossings, and properly invest hard-earned taxpayers’ money to address those transport challenges?
I will indeed join the hon.
Gentleman in calling on the council to do just that.
There has been a 40% uplift in the funding to tackle our highway backlog and potholes.
Some of that money can be used on improving walkways and cycleways, which are part of the highway.
Women cycle a lot less than men—71% of women do not cycle, compared with 54% of men.
Safety concerns are the main barrier.
That gender gap is not acceptable.
What are the Government doing to address that?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important question, and I am passionate about this issue.
She will be aware that the Government will be bringing forward a new road safety strategy—the first one in over a decade.
Part of that will be looking at how we can address that imbalance and the perception of and actual issues with safety on our highways.
What steps she is taking to help improve road safety for gig economy couriers using two-wheeled vehicles.
This Government have announced a £500 million road maintenance funding uplift for next year, as well as £300 million for active travel schemes.
That will improve road conditions and safety for all road users, including delivery riders.
Two-wheeled couriers working in the gig economy experience more road dangers than average riders due to time pressures from employers.
Research from University College London shows that gig economy riders are three times as likely to report damage to their vehicle and nearly twice as likely to  report injury.
What steps are being taken, including with employers of gig economy riders and other stake- holders, to protect gig economy riders and reduce dangers for them and other road users and pedestrians?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, which I know will be familiar to many Members across the House.
In December, the Minister for Local Transport wrote to the main food delivery companies to remind them of the importance the Government place on the safety of food delivery riders and other road users and to remind them of their obligations.
It is essential that delivery riders follow the highway code, despite the time pressure they are sometimes operating under.
What steps she is taking to improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to improve local bus services.
Improving local bus services is vital to kick-starting economic growth.
Through our Bus Services (No. 2) Bill and the £1 billion we are investing to support and improve bus services, we are taking definitive action to help deliver the better, more reliable bus services that passengers deserve throughout the country.
I was delighted to see the results of the recent Transport Focus survey, which show that passenger satisfaction has increased to 83%.
We can and will do more.