I am not sure the hon.
Gentleman listened to my previous answer.
I said clearly that we are bringing the train operating companies into public ownership in a way that offers good value for money for the British taxpayer.
The number of cancellations on CrossCountry has reduced markedly since the start of this year, and although we recognise that there is more to do, CrossCountry is on a good improvement trajectory.
What steps she is taking to increase capacity on the railways.
We are committed to increasing railway capacity.
For instance, the delivery of HS2 phase 1 will more than double long-distance seated capacity between London and the west midlands, and many projects that will increase capacity are being funded through the rail network enhancements pipeline, particularly in the north and midlands.
I pay tribute to Brian Dunsby OBE, who was a pillar of the Harrogate business community.
He tirelessly campaigned to improve our railways, including getting a direct service from London to Harrogate.
One of the issues that we spoke about before he sadly passed away was how the Leeds to York line via Harrogate becomes a single track at Knaresborough, which has implications for running higher levels of services and for delays, as once one service is delayed, the entire day can quickly fall.
I am launching a campaign for the dualling of the line between Knaresborough and York so that the railways serving our communities are fit for purpose.
Will the Secretary of State join me in that?
Will she offer any advice on how we can go about securing that investment?
May I express my condolences on the loss of the rail campaigner and constituent the hon.
Member mentioned?
I am aware that Network Rail is looking at both electrification schemes and potentially longer platform schemes for stations that serve his constituency, but I recognise that he is talking about dual tracking.
May I suggest that he seeks a meeting with the Rail Minister in the other place to discuss that in more detail?
My constituents in Uttoxeter have no trains on a Sunday until 3 pm due to long-standing Network Rail staffing issues in signal boxes.
With Uttoxeter’s growing population, it is unacceptable that residents are left without transport for much of the day on Sunday.
I thank the Rail Minister for his engagement with me so far, but will the Secretary of State say more about how the Government are improving the reliability of train services?
I am clear that we must have a seven-day railway where trains are as likely to turn up on a Sunday afternoon as they are on a Monday morning.
We are working with train operating companies across the country, including those that serve my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Uttoxeter, and I am happy to provide more information to him in writing about the specific action we are taking in his constituency.