My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline again the hugely important contribution, not least economic contribution, made by carers.
The consultation is under way, and it will run for a full 12 weeks from the time when all the accessible versions of the Green Papers are published, which will be in early April.
I would be very grateful if she encouraged the organisations that she is working with to respond to that consultation, and I would also be very interested to hear and see her response to it.
We will take those contributions extremely seriously as we finalise the details of these proposals.
Before I put my question to the Minister, I am sure that the House will want to join me in offering condolences to Keith Brown, our deputy party leader, on the death of his wife Christina McKelvie, who was a very distinguished and long-serving Member of the Scottish Parliament and a Minister.
The impact assessment snuck out yesterday under cover of the spring statement confirmed what the SNP has been warning about for some time.
Labour’s austerity cuts will have a devastating effect, with the poorest and most vulnerable in society forced to foot the bill for the Chancellor’s incompetence.
Some 150,000 people will be affected by the changes to carer’s allowance, but also—at an absolute minimum—250,000 people, including 50,000 children, will be forced into poverty.
These are very modest assessments; I heard  the hon.
Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  give a figure of 400,000 people.
Labour promised that it would improve living standards, but with the full extent of the damage now spelled out, does Labour’s promise not lie in tatters?
What will it take for the Government to change course before irreversible harm is done?
I echo the hon.
Gentleman’s condolences.
The figures were certainly not snuck out yesterday; I do not think anyone can accuse the Office for Budget Responsibility of sneaking them out.
They were published on the day of the spring statement, as they always are and always have to be.
Let me make it clear that spending on the personal independence payment will continue to increase above inflation.
It will not increase as fast as it would have done if we had done nothing, but the advantage is that the funding for that  benefit will be sustainable, and that is vital because so many people depend on it.
It is not going to be means-tested and it is not going to be frozen.
It will be there for the long term.
There is real fear among many of my Calder Valley constituents with disabilities and with caring responsibilities about the proposed changes to PIP, and that fear has been exacerbated by some of the reporting.
Can the Minister please give me a categorical assurance that the consultation on these measures is genuine, and that the Government will ensure that the responses of disabled people and of disability rights campaigns such as Scope will be given the weight they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise those points.
I can give him the assurance that he seeks.
Indeed, I spoke to Scope yesterday, and to other disability charities.
Yes, this will be a proper consultation, and we will listen very carefully to what people say to us in response.
Terminal illness devastates people’s finances.
More than 100 terminally ill people every month are refused PIP, and every day 300 people die in poverty, having fallen through the cracks of our benefits system.
Many family carers in the midst of bereavement are then left with nothing.
The Government’s plans in the Green Paper say nothing about how the terminally ill or their carers will be affected by these cuts.
Can the Minister guarantee today that they will not be plunged into deeper poverty?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that point, but the Green Paper is very clear about the protections provided for people who are terminally ill.
There are special rules in place, and they will absolutely be maintained.
She can be very much reassured about what the Green Paper says about that group.
If there is a point that I have missed that she has spotted, I would be grateful to hear about it, but we have very robust protections for those people for exactly the reasons she sets out.
I grew up caring for two disabled parents.
As I said in my maiden speech, I would not be here if it was not for the sacrifices they made when they had so little in the first place.
I have seen both my mother and my father forced out of work by their poor health.
I have seen their mental health suffer, because they could not get a foot in the door of the NHS.
I have seen the consequences in our family home; they suffered significant bouts of depression.
I know the dignity and importance of work to people who want to and can work.
When my parents’ health got worse, they could not work, so I know the importance of protections for people like them.
I am pleased that the Government are emphasising both parts of the issue.
Will the Minister please assure my constituents, who are concerned because of the leak, into which an official inquiry is under way, that the Government are truly listening to our constituents?
Will he give the assurance that, through the pathways to work consultation, the Government want to hear from disability groups in my constituency, including the Cambian  Wing college, whose representatives I met on Monday, and other organisations?
Will he also reassure the public that the Government are committed to closing the disability employability gap?
We need employers to support people into work, too.
I understand that this is a very important urgent question—that is why it was granted—but I need to try to get everybody in; that is what I am bothered about.
If we can speed up questions and answers, that would help us all.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing his experience to this debate.
I can absolutely give him the reassurance he seeks.
Earlier in the week, I wrote to the Secretary of State, asking her to confirm that the plans would not go ahead if the proposals were assessed as being harmful to disabled people.
The equality analysis says that the families who will lose out are estimated to represent 20% of all families who report having someone with a disability in the household.
Given that PIP is not related to work, and that the money cannot be made up through work changes, does the Minister agree that proceeding is not acceptable when there is this level of harm?
The assessment published yesterday is that 90% of those receiving the daily living PIP component will continue to receive that benefit after the changes take effect, so I think the concern that the hon.
Lady raises is not entirely appropriate.
Like thousands of others, I carried out my caring responsibilities this morning before I came to this place.
I have first-hand experience of worrying about paying the bills every month due to caring responsibilities—something I no longer have to worry about.
Will the Minister consider whether we need a plan across Government Departments to identify the support available to ensure that carers can work, and that they and their loved ones do not fall into poverty as a result of the announcements made?
I am working with the Minister for Care in the Department of Health and Social Care on this.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that we need to work across Government on these issues.
We need to be concerned about the effect on young carers in the education system, so the Department for Education needs to be involved as well.
His point about cross-Government working is absolutely right.
Almost a third of all unpaid carers in Wales live in poverty.
That is over 100,000 people caring for the sick, the elderly and the disabled.
The Labour First Minister in Wales, Eluned Morgan, has already asked for a Wales-specific impact assessment of welfare cuts.
She has not even had the courtesy of a reply.
Can the Minister tell me how many more unpaid carers in Wales will be pushed into hardship due to losing their entitlement to carer’s allowance?