The Secretary of State will recognise that it is very difficult for private landowners and local authorities along the line of High Speed 2 to plan future development when they do not know what will happen to land that is necessary for construction but is not needed for the long-term operation of the line.
A land disposal strategy for HS2 is overdue.
Can she produce one urgently?
When she does so, will she seek opportunities to benefit communities like those I represent, which are suffering the disruption of the line but will not benefit from its operation?
This is a matter that I am seeking to expedite, as I recognise the uncertainty it causes for landowners and communities along the line.
I will take the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s wider point into consideration.
East Midlands Railway has a new fleet of trains that will be on the tracks this year—a £400 million investment.
These trains can be powered by electrified tracks, but can revert to diesel when travelling on the parts of the midland main line that are not yet electrified.
As electrification means cleaner air, less diesel and quieter and faster trains, does the Secretary of State agree that the more of the track that can be electrified, the better it will be for passengers, communities and the environment?
I do agree that Government investment in new bi-mode trains and electrification on east midlands railways will result in lower energy costs, a reduction in noise emissions and a significant improvement to the railways.
As the Secretary of State will be aware, the Government moved the money earmarked for Aldridge train station on the  whim of the Labour Mayor, sadly making Aldridge residents feel that they are no longer cared about.
As the Government say that they are minded to grant open access from Wrexham to Euston, will they work with me to demonstrate to the people of Aldridge that they do actually care by working to deliver a train station by 2027, as planned and budgeted for by the Conservatives?
I find it rather strange that every month I come to the Dispatch Box and answer the same question from the right hon.
Lady, given that she was Rail Minister for a number of years.
I am very happy to discuss the importance of Aldridge station with the Mayor of the West Midlands and to update the right hon.
Lady further.