My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the sensitivity of this issue.
I particularly regret the anxiety that has been caused by press speculation over the past several weeks—that has certainly been regrettable.
From my postbag, the thing that particularly  frightened people was the point I have already referred to, which was the previous Government’s proposal to switch PIP from a cash benefit to vouchers.
That caused a great deal of concern, but my hon.
Friend is right: we now need to be absolutely clear in our communication about these matters.
I think the Green Paper is clear.
The accessible versions of the Green Paper will all be published by the beginning of next month, and we will then have a 12-week consultation period.
As a result of those versions, including the easy-read version, being available, I hope that everybody will be able to see clearly what is proposed and will be able to respond to the consultation with their views.
The analogy of the Chief Secretary to the Treasury has proved to be controversial, but the Minister agrees with the point he was making, does he not?
I did not hear what my right hon.
Friend said.
What I can say is that a very large number of people are dependent on the personal independence payment.
We want it to be a sustainable benefit that will be there for the long term.
Because of the changes we are making, which will reduce the future increase in spending on personal independence payment, we can be confident and recipients can be confident that that will be the case.
I am potentially one of the few Members of this House who has been a recipient of the higher rates of living allowance.
I was a recipient of the higher rate of mobility allowance, and I relied on a Motability car for many years, too.
On the flipside, I remember, after my second hip replacement in my early 30s, having to try to navigate the Access to Work scheme, which was pretty impossible.
In fact, it locks people out of work, rather than letting them in.
There are many good things in the Green Paper that has been brought forward that address some of those points.
When I think back to what I had to go through from age 13 to 17, I am also pleased that those benefits will be protected for people in that situation.
PIP is also what we call a passporting benefit.
Such things as access to the blue badge scheme and carer’s allowance are often dependent on PIP, so one potential implication is that people could be locked out.
Will the Minister consider carrying these things forward and meet me to discuss access to the blue badge scheme and carer’s allowance for people who might lose PIP, but would still be entitled to those benefits?
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend’s testimony to the value of the support that the system provides and the importance of maintaining that into the future.
He is right about passported benefits.
The availability of blue badges is not affected by anything in the Green Paper, because the mobility component of personal independence payment is not changed by any of the proposals we have made.
Access to carer’s allowance, as we have said, certainly will be, and I would welcome a discussion with him about that.
I declare an interest as an honorary vice-president of Carers UK, and I sit on the board of the Fife Carers Centre.
Last September, I had the Adjournment debate on support  for unpaid carers.
In that, the Minister for Care,  the hon.
Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) , promised that we would “forge ahead together with the promise of that future in which unpaid carers are visible, valued and supported.”—[Official
Report,  3 September 2024 ; Vol. 753, c. 288.]
That is not how unpaid carers are feeling today.
The Minister referred to how the earnings limit for carer’s allowance has increased, but there is still a cliff edge.
Are the Government planning to bring forward plans to link the earnings limit to the 16 hours of employment at the national minimum wage?
We know that those are some of the things that caused the overpayments for carer’s allowance in the first place.
Yes, the earnings threshold will in future be set at 16 times the hourly rate of the national living wage, and that will continue indefinitely.
In addition, the Chancellor announced in the Budget last year that we will look at the idea of an income taper in carer’s allowance to replace the cliff edge, which, as the hon.
Member rightly says, is a feature of it at the moment.
We are looking at that assessment.