The Secretary of State will know about the planned engineering works between Didcot Parkway and Swindon and in the Paddington area, which will cause significant disruption between London and Bristol and in south Wales this Sunday and next Sunday.
Disruption on major routes causes massive chaos on the rural routes that are accessed via Bristol and further to the south-west.
Then there is the closure of the M4 between Bath and Bristol, which means that there will be no buses between Swindon and Bristol on those days.
The alerts about longer and busier journeys and train cancellations and delays advise us to travel the day before or the day after.
That does not seem adequate.
Will the Secretary of State please pull the rail, bus and road bodies together to avoid clashes such as this, particularly when we face six years of further disruption as a result of High Speed 2 works, which will not benefit the south-west in the slightest?
The hon.
Lady makes a fair point.
Having readjusted my own travel plans for this weekend, I feel her pain somewhat.
This Government recognise that Sunday performance in particular, irrespective of planned engineering works, has not been good enough on Great Western Railway, and we are working actively to address that.
GWR is continuing to make tactical interventions to improve the resilience of timetabling, diagramming and rostering.
I will raise her wider point about join-up between modes with officials in my Department.
Given that one in five trains operated by Southern Rail arriving at Chichester station is late, and that there is no fast service connecting Chichester to London, what steps are being taken directly to improve train punctuality and reliability for my constituents, especially considering that an annual ticket is nearly £8,000?
The hon.
Lady is right to demand excellent train services for her constituents, and that is what this Government are determined to deliver.
We are working with the train operating companies on plans to improve timetabling and staff availability and rostering.
I am happy to take away the specific issues that she has raised in relation to Chichester and provide her with more detail on the intervention plan on that line.