Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Lansing Woman's Club, an organization of incredible women dedicated to personal growth, knowledge, and the betterment of their community.
Founded in 1874, the Club has played an instrumental role in promoting lifelong learning and cultural enrichment, thus lifting the skylines of its members, the city of Lansing, and beyond.
The Lansing Woman's Club began with 25 pioneering women who shared a deep commitment to intellectual improvement.
Their dedication is encapsulated in the Club's founding purpose: the study and improvement of its members in literature, science, and the fine arts.
More than a century later, the Club proudly carries on its mission as members meet each week to learn from one another through the sharing of individually written research papers.
Throughout its history, the Club has been a beacon of progress and inclusivity, committed to welcoming open-minded and determined women to mirror the diverse community it serves.
Members have come from various walks of life and professional backgrounds, including doctors, academics, civil servants, and members of the clergy, and have established and supported cultural organizations, hospitals, and educational institutions.
To this day, members not only contribute their time and volunteer efforts, but also foster community engagement, provide aid to refugees and supply food and clothing to those in need.
Over the years, the Lansing Woman's Club has hosted many distinguished guests to share their passion and expertise with members, including Frank Lloyd Wright Creativity Award-winning architect Alden B. Bow, three-time Pulitzer Prize winner Carl Sandburg, and acclaimed author Madeleine L'Engle.
Even in the face of adversity, including a devastating fire in 1996 that severely damaged the group's clubhouse, the resilience of its members has ensured the Club's enduring presence.
Inspired by one of the Club's earliest members, Irma T. Jones, these women continue to demonstrate that our futures are limited only by the boundaries we set for ourselves.
As we commemorate this significant milestone, let us recognize the Lansing Woman's Club for its unwavering commitment to education, culture, and service to the community.
It is with profound respect and gratitude that I honor the Club's 150th anniversary and recognize its members' contributions.
May the Lansing Woman's Club continue to inspire and lead for many more generations to come.