Mrs. Walker represents the best of patriotism and what it means to be an American.
Eighty-three years ago, a fifteen-year-old in California heard a call to help her country.
Pearl Harbor had been attacked, the United States entered the war, and women had just begun joining the war effort.
Miss Leigh and her mother were two of the many civilians who reported for duty.
Women across the country worked long hours and long weeks, including Leigh and her mother.
After months of training, Miss Leigh became a certified welder and began working on ships in Richmond, California at only sixteen years old.
The SS Red Oak Victory, a ship named for the small town in Iowa, was among the ships
Mrs. Walker remembers working on.
Built to last, this naval ship is still docked in Richmond today.
Now no longer used for war, it is a testament to the skill and perseverance exemplified by young women during the war.
Miss Leigh and many of her peers rose to the occasion and served their country well with strength and dedication.
After the war, Leigh married Leland Walker, who was a highly skilled steamfitter and boilermaker.
Together they moved across the country to Tennessee, which is still their home over 70 years later.
Together, they raised two children: Jerry Walker, who served in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam War, and Marcia Chandler, an elementary school teacher of 46 years.
Mrs. Walker and the late 
Mr. Walker have four grandchildren.
Leigh Walker served her community in many informal ways as well.
Mrs. Walker spent nearly twenty years helping her daughter's students with reading and writing.
She was a reliable volunteer at the high school baseball games where her son-in-law coached and spent many years making cakes treasured by her community for various events.
Today, she is 97 years old and still resides in Dickson County, Tennessee.
The advice she leaves speaks to her legacy; ``Be honest, love your family, and always vote.''
Leigh Walker's life is a testament to the American spirit of duty and service, and it is with the greatest respect that I recognize her today.