Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 2024 recipients of the IES Sales Excellence Awards presented by the Institute for Excellence in Sales and Business Development (IES).
IES was created to foster excellence in business sales and development practices and to help sales professionals and organizations maximize their efforts.
Each year, IES recognizes individuals, teams, and organizations who demonstrate exemplary performance though leadership, risk taking, innovation, vision, and customer development.
The recipient of the 2024 Lifetime Achievement in Sales Award is Jim Kelly, Senior Vice President North American Federal Sales for Dell Technology.
He is responsible for supporting federal customers and their missions, providing the technology and expertise needed to transform and protect their data.
The recipient of the 2024 Woman in Sale Executive Leadership Award is Gerilyn Horan.
Gerilyn is the Vice President, Group Sales and Strategic Accounts at Hilton Worldwide Sales.
She is responsible for driving the growth of the group segment for all Hilton brands and oversees a total account management approach to Hilton's largest customers.
The 2024 Entrepreneurial Sales Leader of the Year Award is presented to Reggie Aggarwal.
Reggie is the CEO and Founder of Cvent, a marketleading meetings, events and hospitality technology provider.
Chuck Ghoorah will receive the 2024 Institute for Excellence in Sales Entrepreneurial Sales Leader of the Year award.
Chuck is Co-founder and President of Worldwide Sales and Marketing at Cvent.
Chuck has been instrumental in building Cvent from a startup to a 4,800-person company.
The 2024 Sales Partner of the Year Award is presented to Rebecca Wetherly.
Rebecca leads the strategic development and accelerated growth for AWS's diverse and expanding Systems Integrator (SI) partner ecosystem.
This rich partner ecosystem enables government, education, and nonprofit customers to grow and deliver impact by leading with AWS cloud services.
Margo Edris will receive the 2024 Institute for Excellence in Sales Rising Sales Star award.
Margo Edris is a Regional Vice President of Sales at Salesforce.
She leads a team of accomplished Sales professionals who partner with State and Local Governments across the Rocky Mountain Region to modernize Government services.
Tom Snyder will receive the 2024 Institute for Excellence in Sales Speaker of the Year award.
He is the Founder and Managing Partner of Funnel Clarity, LLC, a sales training and consulting firm headquartered in Washington, DC.
Finally, Tom is listed among America's 100 Most Influential Sales Leaders.