Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise with great honor to recognize Better Family Life on the occasion of their 40th anniversary.
Endurance, faith, and unwavering commitment to service have been the cornerstones of their remarkable journey, shaping the lives of countless individuals and families across the St. Louis region.
Better Family Life's workforce development programs have provided community members with vital job skills while fostering economic empowerment and stability.
Their unwavering commitment to youth, family, and clinical services has created a nurturing environment for the growth and well-being of young people.
While Better Family Life's journey began in the basement of their founders' home, it has since grown into a formidable organization, marked by significant milestones and achievements.
The Better Family Life Cultural Education Center enriches our understanding of the African Diaspora through Afrikan Dance, artistic traditions classes, and the largest area Kwanzaa expo.
The Business Center and Melanated Marketplace stands as a testament to the organization's dedication and impact, serving as a hub for Black education, small business empowerment, and community engagement.
As Congresswoman for Missouri's First District, I am proud of the various ways my office has been able to support Better Family Life's mission, including by securing $3 million in congressionally directed federal funding for the Lifehouse Phase 1 initiative to help revitalize North City and support residents in securing homes.
This funding is vital to sustaining the economic vibrancy of North City, and it was an honor to partner with Better Family Life to deliver meaningful federal resources for initiatives that will benefit residents across the district for years to come.
As Better Family Life celebrates this momentous milestone, I extend my deepest appreciation for their unwavering dedication and congratulate them on the tremendous impact they have had on our St. Louis community over the past four decades.