Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate a dedicated educator and public servant, Mayor Gregory J. Zilka, who will be retiring after twelve years as Mayor of the City.
Over the course of his career, Mayor Zilka's commitment and leadership to Avon Lake has shaped it into the city it is today.
Prior to serving as Mayor of Avon Lake, Mayor Zilka worked as a social studies teacher at Avon Lake High School for thirty-five years.
In 1985, he was appointed to the Avon Lake City Council where he served for twenty-six years, fourteen of which he served as President.
Mayor Zilka was first elected mayor in 2012.
Since then, he has performed over 200 weddings, applied for and received $4,000,000 in grants on behalf of the city, oversaw the construction of 600 new single-family dwellings, and saw the population of Avon Lake grow by over 3,000 people.
Mayor Zilka also saw Avon Lake through many complicated issues, including the potential closing of the Ford Ohio Assembly Plant.
In the end, the company remained open and announced a $1.5 billion expansion.
To help Avon Lake gain more access to Lake Erie, the Mayor oversaw the closing of Avon Lake Power Plant which had dominated the shoreline and skyline for 100 years.
Mayor Zilka has also helped organize and participated in Avon Lake's year-long Bicentennial celebrations which brought about the first beer festival as well as other events for Avon Lake's citizens.
Mayor Zilka has also been an active volunteer throughout his entire life.
In his early 20's, he served in the Peace Corps, where he met his wife of forty-five years.
For the past fourteen years, he has been active within the Lorain County Office on Aging's Home Delivered Meals program.
Additionally, he volunteers weekly for Big Brothers/Big Sisters of Lorain County and has served on the board of trustees for organizations including the Lorain County Alcohol and Drug Addiction Services (ADAS), Cleveland State Leadership Academy, and the Cleveland Clinic Avon Hospital Advisory Council, among many others.