Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following Proclamation honoring Carlo A. Scissura, President and CEO of The New York Building Congress:
Whereas Carlo A. Scissura Esq., President & CEO of The New York Building Congress, was honored on April 18, 2024, by the National Italian American Foundation in recognition of his service and contributions to the Italian-American community.
Whereas Carlo A. Scissura was born and raised in Bensonhurst and is a lifelong Brooklyn resident, currently residing in Bay Ridge with his daughter, Teresa Rose.
Scissura is a proud graduate of Pace University and Pace Law School.
He had his private law practice in Dyker Heights before joining the Brooklyn Borough President's Office.
Scissura previously served on the staffs of New York State 
Senator Vincent Gentile and Assemblyman Peter Abbate.
Whereas for nearly five years, Carlo A. Scissura previously served as Chief of Staff and General Counsel to Brooklyn Borough President Marty Markowitz.
Scissura restructured operations at Borough Hall, drove the borough's economic development, and collaborated extensively with the Mayor's Office, City Council, and Economic Development Corporation.
Carlo also served on the boards of the EDC, the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation, and the Brooklyn Public Library.
Whereas Carlo A. Scissura is a member of the Boards of the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corp., The New York City Regional Economic Development Council, ACE Mentorship, Salvadori Center, and the Friends of the BQX.
Carlo is a former member of Community Board 11 in Brooklyn and the District 20 School Board and Community Education Council.
Scissura is also the Chair of the Federation of Italian-American Organizations, where he has led the opening of the new Italian Cultural and Community Center in Brooklyn.
Whereas in January 2017, Carlo A. Scissura was named President & CEO.
Under his leadership, Carlo and his team have achieved significant growth in membership and visibility across New York City and the surrounding region.
They have maintained a strong focus on securing infrastructure investments from city, state, and federal governments.
Membership has soared by over 200 percent, reaching more than 2,200 members.
Additionally, the Chamber has been nationally recognized for creating exemplary models in business development, outreach, technical assistance, and regional branding.
Thanks to Carlo's leadership, the New York Building Congress is stronger and more influential than ever.
Whereas Carlo A. Scissura was the Chair of the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway redevelopment panel and oversaw the replacement of the BQE from the Atlantic Avenue interchange to Sands Street in Brooklyn.
Scissura received numerous honors for his contributions.
The people of New York City are thankful for years of Scissura's advocacy, development, contributions, and revitalization efforts throughout the five boroughs for the betterment of all New Yorkers.