Mr. NADLER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the tremendous accomplishments of Kevin O'Keefe, a dedicated community leader in East Midtown Manhattan.
Kevin has demonstrated an unwavering commitment to our community through his roles as the founder and president of the St. Vartan Park Conservancy, the president of the Manhattan East Community Association, a member of Manhattan Community Board 6, a trustee of the Murray Hill Neighborhood Association, a board member of the Stuyvesant Cove Park Association, an advisory board member of the Village Trip, a coach, an entrepreneur, a writer, a husband, and a father.
In these roles, Kevin has led multiple initiatives to increase the quality of life in East Midtown.
In 2019, he led a major advocacy campaign to reopen an East Midtown garden and lawn after decades of closure.
Since then, thousands of individuals have enjoyed their time inside the now-public green space.
As a member of Manhattan Community Board 6, Kevin led an initiative for members of the public to make presentations to the board to better understand community needs.
In this capacity, he also serves as a committee chair and member of the Youth and Education Committee and Health and Human Services Committee.
Furthermore, Kevin's commitment extends to youth sports and education.
He is a former all-American athlete who volunteers as a sports coach, heading the track and field program at a local East Midtown school and running ``Swish You Were Here,'' a community basketball net-replacement initiative.
Kevin is also an entrepreneur and accomplished writer.
He is the author of the nonfiction bestseller The Average American, which follows O'Keefe's journey to find the nation's most statistically average person.
The book has inspired many people to find a middle ground when talking with those with differing views and has earned accolades from former President Barack Obama.
In his professional life, he has led New York Sports Tours and other prominent brands and companies.
On April 25, 2023, Kevin was honored at the Samuel J. Tilden Democratic Club's 70th anniversary gala with the Platinum Anniversary Award for Distinguished Service.