Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a loving husband, dedicated father, committed soldier and dear friend of longstanding, Colonel Ralph Puckett, Jr., USA (Ret.).
Sadly, Colonel Puckett passed away on April 8, 2024.
He leaves behind a legacy of service that will be emulated by many for years to come.
A memorial service honoring his remarkable life will be held on April 20, 2024, at the National Infantry Museum Parade Field adjacent to Fort Moore, Georgia.
Colonel Puckett was born on December 8, 1926, in Tifton, Georgia.
He graduated from Baylor High School and then enrolled at Georgia Tech before enlisting in the United States Army during World War II.
Colonel Puckett graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1949.
He was assigned as Infantry Lieutenant for the Eighth U.S. Army Ranger Company when the Korean War began.
On November 25, 1950, during the Korean conflict, the First Lieutenant began a multiday operation with the Eighth Army Ranger Company, a company composed of 51 U.S. and nine Korean Soldiers against a barrage of Chinese Troops on Hill 205.
During the initial assault, Colonel Puckett exposed himself to enemy fire, rallying pinned down U.S. troops to advance and take the hill from its defenders.
In the following hours, the temperatures dropped, and the Chinese attempted to retake the hill.
Colonel Puckett radioed an artillery strike to stop the enemy's advance.
Over the course of the attacks, Colonel Puckett sustained several wounds to his left shoulder, feet, thighs, and buttocks.
Despite being severely wounded, he was still able to command his company and call on artillery to avert enemy attacks before being carried to safety by two During his 22-year career, Colonel Puckett received many awards including the Distinguished Service Cross twice, along with two Silver Stars for valor, two Bronze Star medals, and five Purple Hearts.
In 1992, he became one of the first people to be inducted into the United States Army Ranger Hall.
Because of his courageous valor and after many years of efforts on his behalf, Colonel Puckett was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Joseph R. Biden on Friday, May 21, 2021.
Colonel Puckett gave himself to his country and to so many for so long.
As such, he is one of our nation's most decorated war heroes.
Even after his military service ended, he found a way to give back to those who came after him.
He remained very active with military affairs, including volunteering with the Ranger Brigade.
Colonel Puckett also served as an executive with Outward Bound, a nonprofit educational organization that exposes students, especially those from cities, to wilderness settings.
Colonel Puckett accomplished much in his life, but none of this would have been possible without the grace of God, and the enduring love and support of his wife, Jean, and their children Martha and Thomas.