Mr. TORRES.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Victor G. Alicea, Ph.D., is the founding President.
He began his tenure at the College in 1974.
During his time at Boricua College, he has proven his steadfast leadership and commitment to moving the institution forward at a time of unprecedented challenge to the health and financial wellbeing of colleges and universities across the nation.
``The present is the only pathway that connects our past with our future,'' Dr. Victor G. Alicea, is often heard to remark.
Always present in the ``here and now'' Victor Gabriel Alicea has worked tirelessly for the education and flourishing of all people of New York City.
He is the founder and president of Boricua College for the past 48 years.
Dr. Victor G. Alicea was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico and spent his childhood in New York City's East Harlem ``El Barrio'' and in Harlem.
Victor Alicea has worked throughout his life combining intellectual strength and his vast knowledge of education and human polity with the caring he has for people.
He has participated and led numerous institutes in public administration, group dynamics, community organization, health and mental health care services and is a practicing social worker, educator, planner, consultant to various community development programs and is a psychotherapist in private practice.
One of President Alicea's foremost commitments has been to New York City, a city he loves.
He has served on Mayor Dinkins's Advisory Committee on Appointments.
In 1990 Dr. Alicea was appointed Vice Chairman of the New York City Planning Commission by Mayor David Dinkins, and in July, 1995 was named to a second term by Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, finally serving for eleven years.
He also served on Mayor Giuliani's Special Panel on the Health and Hospitals Corporation, and was appointed by Governor Pataki as a Commissioner of the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority (NYSERDA) and served as Secretary of the Board of Directors of Banana Kelly Community Improvement Association, Inc.
Currently serves as Member of the Board of Trustees of the NYS Higher Education Services Corporation (HESC).
In 2022, Dr. Alicea completed 48 years as the founding President of Universidad Boricua/Boricua College during which time the College has grown from one floor in a building in Williamsburg Brooklyn, and 26 students, to three campus centers with 800 students and 40 full-time faculty members, in three buildings including a campus in Manhattan, and the recently completed $47 million campus building for the Bronx Campus, making it a tri-Borough College, the progression has been from graduating three students in 1976 to over fourteen thousand by 2023.
Dr. Alicea's recent inclusion in City & State's 2023 Higher Education Power 100 list is a testament to his unwavering commitment to serving our community and advancing education.
As the longest-serving president of a private college in New York State, Dr. Alicea's legacy is one of transformative leadership and a tireless pursuit of excellence.
There are many more years to come for this colossal intellectual giant to serve the people of this great City.
Typical of this selfreflecting man that his greatest pride and pleasure has been how much he has learned from the faculty and staff who helped to create the College, and the thousands of students and families that have been touched by Boricua College.