Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize former First Sergeant Delphine Metcalf-Foster as she is honored as one of California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year for her trailblazing military service, steadfast advocacy for veterans, and lifelong commitment to public service.
A native of Vallejo, California, First Sergeant (Ret.)
Delphine Metcalf-Foster proudly served in the United States Army Reserve with the 689th Quartermaster Unit, 6253rd Hospital Unit, and 6211th Transportation Unit at the Letterman Army Medical Center.
During Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm, she sustained injuries while serving in Saudi Arabia in support of the Grave Registration Company mission and was medically evacuated to Germany for care.
Her service and courage reflect the highest traditions of the U.S. Armed Forces.
Following her retirement from the Army Reserves in 1996, 
Ms. Metcalf-Foster continued to dedicate her life to veterans causes and public service.
A life member of Disabled American Veterans (DAV) Chapter 81 in Vallejo, she made history in 2017 when she was elected National Commander of the DAV.
The first woman and the first person of color to hold that position in the organization's 100-year history.
She previously served as the DAV Department of California Commander in 2003, again breaking barriers as the first woman to hold that role.
Her distinguished civilian career includes decades of leadership at the Alameda Naval Air Station, where she served as a quality assurance work leader.
Ms. Metcalf-Foster has also lent her expertise to numerous veterans' advisory bodies, including the Secretary of Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee on Women Veterans, the DAV Department of California Claims and Service Committee, and the First Data Military Advisory Council.
Among her many honors, she has received the Army Commendation Medal, Army Achievement Medal (10LC), National Defense Medal, Armed Forces Reserve Medal, Army Reserve Component Achievement Medal, and the Southwest Asia Service Medal with Bronze Star.
In 2018, she was recognized as one of the ``Top 40 Military People'' in the United States for her impact in helping veterans.
Her favorite quotes, ``Tell me what I can't do, and I will show you what I can do,'' and ``I had to go through, in order to get to,'' embody the spirit of resilience and purpose that defines her life and service.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to honor and recognize First Sergeant (Ret.)
Delphine Metcalf-Foster for her courageous service to our nation and her extraordinary contributions to the veterans' community.