471 animals.
In 1922, the position of curator was developed, and the indefatigable Frank Skeldon was the first curator for the zoo.
It was during this time that national recognition was pursued.
Building continued, and by 1929, the Giraffe House, Carnivora Building, and Primate House were all housing the animals.
Building continued through the Depression-Era WPA, so that by the 1930s the Reptile House, Aviary, Museum of Science, Amphitheatre, indoor theatre, and Aquarium were all completed, along with structural improvements, the subway and zoo entrances.
The 1940s, 50s, and 60s brought new adventure with the addition of a miniature railway, the publication of Safari magazine, the nation's only indoor trout run, the development of waterways, and other improvements.
By the 1960s, the Toledo Zoo's collection included more than 3,600 animals.
Facing significant funding challenges following the region's 1980s financial collapse, the Toledo Zoo was on the verge of closure.
A zoo levy was initiated in 1980, and in 1981, Bill Dennler became the new zoo director following Frank Skeldon's retirement.
Under his tutelage, buildings were restored, a children's zoo opened, the birth of two baby hippos was caught on tape, and China lent the zoo two giant pandas.
People flocked to the zoo to view these wonders.
The 1990s saw continuing innovation, community support, and national and global supremacy for the Toledo Zoo.
By the early 2000s, the zoo was well into its successful breeding program, including the rare birth of an African elephant.
Development continues to this day.
There are 1 Million visitors a year and 78,000 households hold membership.
The highest in the nation!
There are 16,000 animals from more than 680 species, including 90 endangered species, and 73 Million dollars are generated for our local economy.
The Toledo Zoo has arrived at its 125th birthday as the top zoo in our nation and a global leader in wildlife conservation and engagement in sustainable practices.
There are forty acres of native plants and 110 prairies planted at the zoo and around the region.
More than 45,000 students and families learn from tours, camps, overnights, virtual programming, scouts, and gardening workshops.
The Zoo hosts Music Under the Stars in its lovely Amphitheatre, where people can hear the symphony and creative performers on beautiful nights.
People from all over come to view the Toledo Zoo's African Savannah, Aquarium, Arctic Encounter, Aviary, Rescue Roost, Cassoway Crossing, Conservatory, Flamingo Key, Kingdom of the Apes, Museum of Natural History, Nature's Neighborhood, Penguin Beach, Pheasantry, Primate Forest, Reptile House, Tembo Trail, Tiger Terrace, Snow Leopards, beautiful flora, fun amusements, nourishing treats and the stunning Lights Before Christmas.
The Toledo Zoo is an absolute star on the map.
It truly and uniquely lives up to its motto: ``Enjoy.
Inspire.
Educate. Act.''
Our entire community congratulates our wonderful Toledo Zoo as we look back on a fantastic journey and look forward to an awesome future.