This

movement, driven by tireless activists, organizers, and everyday

citizens, rejects the status quo that devalues Black lives and

perpetuates injustice.
As lawmakers, we bear a solemn responsibility to heed the impassioned

cries for reform and to enact meaningful change.
That is why I implore

my esteemed colleagues in the U.S. House and Senate to swiftly pass the

reintroduced George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.
This crucial

legislation transcends mere policy; it serves as a beacon of hope for a

more just and equitable future, holding accountable those who betray

the trust bestowed upon them and empowering law enforcement with the

necessary tools to serve communities with fairness and integrity.
Currently, with over 18,000 police departments operating under

varying standards, our Nation faces a disjointed approach to policing

that breeds inconsistency and erodes public trust.
The George Floyd

Justice in Policing Act addresses this patchwork of pain, ushering in

meaningful reforms to root out systemic racism and police brutality and

prioritizing the sanctity of human life.
Though the passage of time may dull the immediacy of George Floyd's

tragic death, the urgency for meaningful change remains undiminished.
Let us honor his memory not with fleeting tributes, but with unwavering

commitment to enact reform and forge a society where every individual

is treated with dignity and respect under the law.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THANKING JOANN FARLEY FOR HER SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
JOHN P. SARBANES

Mr. SARBANES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank my constituent, Joann

Farley, who is retiring on May 31, 2024 after over 21 years of

outstanding service to the House of Representatives in financial

administrative and support roles.
Joann lives in Annapolis, MD, and I

am proud to represent her here in Congress.
Joann is retiring after having lent her talents and skills to the

Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) for over two decades.
The daughter

of a U. S. Army soldier.
Joann grew up on several Army bases and

eventually landed in Marina, CA, where she started her federal career

as an aide for the Supply Department of the Naval Postgraduate School.
In August 1982, she met a young Navy Lieutenant, Norm Farley of

Annapolis, MD, who decided then and there that he wanted to marry her,

and the two married in 1984.
As a Navy wife moving from base to base,

she continued her career in various positions with the Navy, IRS, Army

Research Center and Department of Veterans Affairs.
She and Norm were

blessed with three children: Laura in 1989, Jared in 1992 and Jacob in

2000.
Eventually the family landed in the Washington.
D.C. area.
where

Joann worked for the Department of the Air Force, the Naval Academy and

the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration.
In March 2003, Joann began her career with the CAO as a Vendor

Management and Financial Counselor, processing payments and providing

financial services and optimization of resources to House offices to

ensure adherence to House rules and regulations.
She managed and

enforced over 50 vendor contracts to ensure swift and comprehensive

vendor response, safeguarding House terms and conditions.
Her

knowledge, experience and courteous attentiveness enabled her to be an

invaluable asset to the House of Representatives.
Joann also formed

long-lasting friendships with her customers and colleagues, among whom

she is well respected and will be dearly missed.
Joann became a proud grandmother in 2019 when Laura gave birth to

twins Lilyana and CeCe, and later, granddaughter Raina was born in

2023.
She and Norm recently purchased a home in Cape Coral, FL, where

Joann will enjoy her retirement spending time with her family, pursuing

various creative and home improvement projects, and enjoying winters in

sunny Florida as a `snowbird.'
I congratulate Joann on her retirement and I ask my colleagues to

join me in thanking her for her distinguished service to the House and

our Nation.