From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JEFF JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I missed a

vote on H.R. 192, a bill to prohibit individuals who are not citizens

Columbia.
Had I been present on the House floor, I would have voted

AYE.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JEWISH AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jewish American

Heritage Month.
Our Nation benefits from the historical achievements

and diversity of Jewish people every day, and I am proud to join many

of my colleagues in celebrating May as Jewish American Heritage Month.
Since first immigrating to the United States in 1654, Jewish

Americans have accomplished countless achievements.
Great minds, such

as Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Elie Wiesel, have made irrevocable impacts

on both our culture and society.
The Jewish American people continue to

make our Nation proud by serving in the highest ranks of our military,

achieving groundbreaking advancements in science, revolutionizing music

and art, and much more.
My community of Rochester, NY, is steeped in Jewish culture.
Since

the mid-1800's, Jewish families have settled in the region, making

Rochester their home for generations to come.
Over more than 175 years,

Rochester's Jewish community has played an integral role in the growth

and development of our city and surrounding towns.
Today, key Jewish

community institutions work to enrich the lives of Rochester's Jewish

and non-Jewish citizens.
It is an honor to recognize this vibrant

community for their devotion to Rochester's success and stability.
Throughout history, the Jewish people have proven to be resilient in

their fight against persecution.
It is inspiring that they continue to

persevere regardless of the difficulties they face.
To ensure their

heritage remains preserved, we must continue to educate our youth on

the extensive history of the Jewish people and their diverse cultural

achievements.
While we are celebrating the contributions of the Jewish American

people, we must also acknowledge the challenging times they face.
Many

increase in antisemitism nationwide.
As allies of our Jewish neighbors,

we must condemn this discriminatory behavior in every instance and

demand justice for those affected.
The Jewish people are all too aware

of the dangers that occur if hate goes unchecked.
We must not and will

not allow history to repeat itself.
As a devoted friend of the Jewish community, I am proud to raise my

voice in recognition of Jewish American Heritage month, and I look

forward to many more years of celebrating the accomplishments and

legacies of Jewish Americans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING GEORGE FLOYD

speech of

HON.
JOYCE BEATTY

Mrs. BEATTY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to mark the solemn anniversary of

George Floyd's untimely passing--a moment etched in history that shook

our Nation to its core and reverberated across the globe, igniting a

resounding call for justice.
As we reflect on this time, we cannot

overlook the profound pain and anguish endured by George Floyd's loved

ones and the countless individuals whose lives have been unjustly cut

short by police violence.
Yet, within this sorrow lies hope--a hope fueled by a resilient

movement that refuses to relent until systemic change is realized.
This

movement, driven by tireless activists, organizers, and everyday

citizens, rejects the status quo that devalues Black lives and

perpetuates injustice.
As lawmakers, we bear a solemn responsibility to heed the impassioned

cries for reform and to enact meaningful change.
That is why I implore

my esteemed colleagues in the U.S. House and Senate to swiftly pass the

reintroduced George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.