Title: CELEBRATING THE BIRTHDAY OF RON HEYMANN; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
91

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE BIRTHDAY OF RON HEYMANN

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 90th

Birthday of Mr. Ron Heymann, although he doesn't look a day over 45, I

think the secret must be the early morning workouts at the YMCA.
Mr. Heymann's life reads like the All-American story.
Born on June 2,

1934, to Florence and Russel Heymann, Ron grew up in New Jersey where

he attended Phillipsburg-Easton High and Rutgers University.
After

graduating from Rutgers in 1956, Ron served his country in the Army

Reserves in El Paso, Texas and at the White Sands Missile Range in New

Mexico.
On June 22, 1959, Ron married his sweetheart, Barbara.
They will soon

celebrate their 65th wedding anniversary.
Ron and Barbara are blessed

with two children, Carol and Ron Jr., and a daughter-in-law Raegan.
After his service to our country, Mr. Heymann spent most of his

career working for Bell Telephone.
He left the telecommunications world

for a stint in politics, working for Governor William Cahill of New

Jersey, as the Director of Motor Vehicles, and as a consultant to

President Richard Nixon's administration.
Ron often says he did such a

good job eliminating bureaucracy at the New Jersey DMV, the Heymann

cars never passed another vehicle inspection until the family moved to

the free state of Florida upon Ron's retirement in 1991, taking up full

time residence on Amelia Island.
Since that time, Ron has been very active in the Fernandina Beach

community.
He worked as a docent at the Amelia Island Museum of

History, directed traffic at the Presbyterian Vacation Bible School,

and is an avid supporter of local charities.
Of course, he has also

spent hours shuttling his three grandchildren Megan, Kate, and Jack

around the Island.
On behalf of the Fourth Congressional District of

Florida, I thank him for his support to the community, his leadership

in the Republican Party, and his dedication to his family.
Mr. Speaker, if you want Mr. Heymann's secret to staying youthful,

you too can join me in an early morning workout at the YMCA and wish

Mr. Heymann a very special 90th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FINANCIAL INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4763, the

Financial Innovation and Technology for the 21st Century Act.
While I am opposed to this bill, I am not opposed to the concept of

crypto itself.
But I have concerns about how crypto is currently

regulated and believe that H.R. 4763 falls short of creating an

effective regulatory framework.
H.R. 4763 would also result in the

massive deregulation of the securities market, not just for crypto but

for traditional securities as well.
This deregulation would remove

protections provided by existing securities law to protect crypto

investors and consumers and remove disclosure requirements that are

designed to help investors make informed decisions.
Additionally.
H.R.

4763 would preempt state laws, disarming state regulators in Minnesota

who are often on the frontlines against fraud.
H.R. 4763 lacks necessary protections for crypto consumers and

investors.
As of today, the crypto asset industry does not comply with

existing securities laws and regulations, allowing consumers to be

defrauded.
In fact, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB)

received more than 8,300 complaints related to crypto between 2018-

2022.
Roughly forty percent of those complaints were reporting frauds

and scams.
This bill will only exacerbate this issue.
We must reject

H.R. 4763 and work to create a regulatory framework that will protect

everyday investors and consumers.
Crypto is the currency of choice for our foreign adversaries,

terrorist groups, drug and human traffickers, child sex abusers, and

ransomware attackers.