After all,

the amount of fentanyl that is considered a potentially

deadly dose is as small as the amount that fits on the tip of

a pencil.
This dangerous drug is the leading cause of death for

Americans aged 18-49 and has led to millions more suffering

from addiction while continuing to destroy families and

communities.
The fentanyl crisis is not just limited to the

United States, as fentanyl and other mass-produced synthetic

narcotics from the People's Republic of China (PRC) are

devastating nations around the world.
This is why the U.S. must swiftly act on the following

findings from the select committee's investigation to address

the root cause of this global crisis.
The select committee's investigation found that the PRC

government, under the control of the CCP:

Directly subsidizes the manufacturing and export of illicit

fentanyl materials and other synthetic narcotics through tax

rebates.
Gave monetary grants and awards to companies openly

trafficking illicit fentanyl materials and other synthetic

narcotics.
Holds ownership interest in several PRC companies tied to

drug trafficking.
Fails to prosecute fentanyl and precursor manufacturers.
Allows the open sale of fentanyl precursors and other

illicit materials on the extensively monitored and controlled

PRC internet.
Censors content about domestic drug sales but leaves

export-focused narcotics content untouched.
Strategically and economically benefits from the fentanyl

crisis.
The takeaways from these findings are that the U.S. needs

to take the following decisive actions to address the

fentanyl crisis: establish a Joint Task Force--Counter

Opioids; provide law enforcement and intelligence officials

with the authorities, tools and resources they need;

strengthen U.S. sanctions authorities; enact and use trade

and customs enforcement measures and close regulatory and

enforcement gaps.
Inflation continues to wreak havoc on Western North Carolinians' way of

life

Our economy continues to suffer due to this

administration's fiscal policies.
Inflation was at 1.4 percent when Biden took office and has

risen nearly 20 percent since then.
High prices are forcing

Americans to spend more than $12,000 more a year to afford

the same basics compared to three years ago.
From my seats on the House Appropriations and Budget

Committees, I am pushing to change how Washington works so

that we can restore fiscal responsibility in our government,

improve America's economic outlook and allow Western North

Carolinians to keep more of their hard-earned dollars in

their wallets.
WNC's latest service academy acceptances

One of the most important duties and greatest honors of

representing the 11th district of North Carolina is selecting

nominees among those who are seeking appointments to our

nation's military service academies.
I had the great pleasure and excitement of hosting an event

to celebrate the following students whose exceptional

leadership, hard work and patriotism made them stand out from

a competitive pool of applicants and were accepted into their

respective service academies.
Cedric Gordon, alumnus of Asheville High School: U.S. Air

Force Academy

William ``Liam'' Lawing, student at Nesbitt Discovery

Academy: U.S. Air Force Academy

Joshua Morgan, alumnus of Asheville Christian Academy: U.S.

Air Force Academy

Michael Puzerewski, student at Holy Innocence Academy: U.S.

Merchant Marine Academy

Anita Zavyalova, student at A.C. Reynolds High School: U.S.

Naval Academy

These students represent the best of America, and I want to

extend my congratulations once again for this life-changing

achievement.
Congressman Chuck Edwards: Unplugged

Mark your calendars for Thursday, June 20 to join my next

in-person town hall in Graham County.
The town hall will take

place from 6:00-7:30 p.m. at the Graham County Courthouse, 12

N. Main St., Robbinsville, NC.
I'm looking forward to sharing

an update about legislative priorities in Congress and

answering questions about the issues that matter to you.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JEFF JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I missed a

vote on H.R. 192, a bill to prohibit individuals who are not citizens

Columbia.