The president recently announced he would stop military aid

to Israel at a time when this aid is needed to target Hamas

terrorists and avoid more civilian casualties in what

looks like an attempt to appease the growing pro-Hamas

sentiment among the left.
In light of this administration's misguided decision to

halt military aid to Israel, a bipartisan group of colleagues

and I demanded that the president provide answers on his

decision to withhold shipments to Israel.
Furthermore, the International Criminal Court (ICC) issued

baseless arrest warrants for Israeli officials, equating them

to the terrorists who committed the horrific attacks of Oct.

7.
The ICC's decision is great news to terrorists around the

globe and is a slap in the face to the only free-standing

democracy in the Middle East.
If I have my way, the United States will never abandon

Israel, especially not while it is fighting for the right to

exist and the rights of Jewish people everywhere, and no

country should recognize any legitimacy of a pro-terrorist

international court.
Protecting Americans' right to financial privacy

President Biden released a framework to evaluate the

establishment of a central bank digital currency (CBDC),

which can be used as a surveillance tool and weaponized

against the American people.
In China, the Communist Party has been using a CBDC to

track the spending habits of its citizens and we cannot allow

this level of financial surveillance in America.
That's why I cast NC-11's vote for the CBDC Anti-

Surveillance State Act.
This bill protects Americans' right

to financial privacy by halting unelected bureaucrats from

issuing a CBDC and is the first anti-central bank digital

currency legislative effort ever introduced in Congress.
WNC Backs the Blue

During the past three years, the Defund the Police movement

and anti-police policies have led to a surge in violent crime

across the country.
In the U.S. House of Representatives, we recently

celebrated National Police Week and honored America's law

enforcement heroes by passing legislation to support our men

and women in blue.
Some of the bills that I voted for to support our police

officers include bills that would:

Require ICE to detain illegal immigrants who are arrested,

charged or convicted with assaulting a law enforcement

officer or other first responder.
Make sure officers can protect themselves and others by

allowing concealed weapon possession in more areas open to

the public.
Direct the attorney general to report to Congress on how

the border crisis affects law enforcement at various levels.
Make sure there is adequate data collection to address the

rise of attacks on police officers.
While this year's police week might be over, I will

continue to back policies that support America's law

enforcement officers who risk their own lives to protect and

serve citizens day after day.
House committee investigates China's role in the fentanyl crisis

Following a months-long bipartisan investigation, the House

Select Committee on the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)

revealed its findings of the CCP's role in the deadly

fentanyl epidemic that has killed hundreds of thousands of

Americans.
The fentanyl crisis is one of the most devastating

disasters that our nation has faced and has made its way to

the mountains of Western North Carolina.
Fentanyl kills more

than 200 Americans daily on average, which is the equivalent

to a packed Boeing 737 crashing every single day.
After all,

the amount of fentanyl that is considered a potentially

deadly dose is as small as the amount that fits on the tip of

a pencil.
This dangerous drug is the leading cause of death for

Americans aged 18-49 and has led to millions more suffering

from addiction while continuing to destroy families and

communities.
The fentanyl crisis is not just limited to the

United States, as fentanyl and other mass-produced synthetic

narcotics from the People's Republic of China (PRC) are

devastating nations around the world.