This bill will only exacerbate this issue.
We must reject

H.R. 4763 and work to create a regulatory framework that will protect

everyday investors and consumers.
Crypto is the currency of choice for our foreign adversaries,

terrorist groups, drug and human traffickers, child sex abusers, and

ransomware attackers.
These bad actors chose to use crypto because they

know the industry does comply with securities laws and regulations,

allowing the groups to circumvent regulatory, supervisory, and

enforcement regimes.
Congress should be considering legislation that

will make it harder for these bad actors to access currency, not

allowing loopholes to persist.
We must ensure to be sure that crypto is

not used as the black market for bad actors.
Crypto asset platforms, where customers buy and sell crypto assets,

are known to use vertical product and service integration, creating

conflicts of interests for the platforms.
Some crypto asset platforms

blend exchange, brokerage, market making, and clearing agency functions

in their platform.
This vertical integration of products and services

has long been prohibited in traditional markets because it leads to

risks for investors.
We saw this loophole exploited in 2022 when FTX's

CEO, Sam Bankman-Fried, used its affiliated trading firm, Alameda

Research, as a market maker, allowing FTX to transfer billions of

dollars in customer accounts to Alameda.
Sam Bankman-Fried is now

serving a 25-year prison sentence for defrauding consumers.
H.R. 4763

bakes in these existing conflicts of interest, allowing crypto asset

platforms like FTX to continue to work against their customers' best

interest for their own gains.
Rather than putting forward a bill that would severely undermine the

functioning of our capital markets, Congress should instead consider a

comprehensive regulatory framework for crypto that will promote the

responsible development of these digital assets while protecting

American consumers and investors.
I urge my colleagues to reject H.R.

4763.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents to bring awareness to

issues surrounding the border and fentanyl crises, antisemitism and

Americans' financial privacy.
Dear Friend,

It's been more than a year since the House passed H.R. 2.
the Secure the Border Act, the strongest border security bill

in history.
H.R. 2 would reimplement President Trump's effective border

policies and end this administration's border crisis, which

continues to jeopardize our national security and

sovereignty.
In fact, a record-breaking number of nationals from our

adversary, China, are illegally crossing our border.
In

April, the Customs and Border Patrol found that in this

fiscal year alone, they have encountered 27,583 Chinese

nationals, a nearly 8,000 percent increase from fiscal year

2021.
With the rising threat of the Chinese Communist Party

(CCP), border security is paramount to national security and

I will not relent in the fight to secure America's borders.
I recently spoke on the House floor about how the fentanyl

pouring in through our borders has taken lives in our own

communities in the mountains and urged that this

administration put the American people first and close our

southern border once and for all.
The U.S. must stand with Israel

As our ally, Israel, is defending itself from terrorist

organizations, it is critical that we continue to stand with

and support Israel.
The president recently announced he would stop military aid

to Israel at a time when this aid is needed to target Hamas

terrorists and avoid more civilian casualties in what

looks like an attempt to appease the growing pro-Hamas

sentiment among the left.
In light of this administration's misguided decision to

halt military aid to Israel, a bipartisan group of colleagues

and I demanded that the president provide answers on his

decision to withhold shipments to Israel.
Furthermore, the International Criminal Court (ICC) issued

baseless arrest warrants for Israeli officials, equating them

to the terrorists who committed the horrific attacks of Oct.

7.