Representative Office (TECRO), S. 1203, to amend the Peace Corps Act by reauthorizing the Peace Corps, providing better support for current, returning, and former volunteers, S. 847, to establish the International Children with Disabilities Protection Program within the Department of State, S. 2006, to foster Tunisia's democratic institutions, to limit funds until Tunisia restores checks and balances, and to authorize the creation of a fund to support democratic reforms, S. 416, to designate the Russianbased mercenary Wagner Group as a foreign terrorist organization, S. 490, to require the President to remove the extension of certain privileges, exemptions, and immunities to the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Offices if Hong Kong no longer enjoys a high degree of autonomy from the People's Republic of China, S. Con.
Res. 2, commending the bravery, courage, and resolve of the women and men of Iran demonstrating in more than 133 cities and risking their safety to speak out against the Iranian regime's human rights abuses, S. Res. 20, condemning the coup that took place on February 1, 2021, in Burma and the Burmese military's detention of civilian leaders, calling for an immediate and unconditional release of all those detained, promoting accountability and justice for those killed by the Burmese military, and calling for those elected to serve in parliament to resume their duties without impediment, S. Res. 75, reaffirming the state of Arunachal Pradesh as Indian territory and condemning the People's Republic of China's provocations in South Asia, and the nominations of Richard Mills, Jr., of Georgia, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Department of State, Nisha Desai Biswal, of Virginia, to be Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the United States International Development Finance Corporation, and Gerald H. Acker, of Michigan, to be a Commissioner on the part of the United States on the International Joint Commission, United States and Canada.
S-116 11 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ``Legislative Branch Appropriations Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act'', and an original bill entitled, ``Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act''.
SD-106