Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the incredible achievements of the 2022-2023 Mid Valley High School softball team.
During this year's season, the Spartanettes brought great pride to our community by winning the Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association (PIAA) 3A State Championship for the first time in school history.
As the Member of the U.S. House representing the Mid Valley School District, I'm proud to celebrate the hard work, leadership, and comradery of the Spartanettes that led to their championship.
They played with passion and a sense of faith in one another which was evident in every game.
They demonstrated that when a group of individuals support each other with a common goal, anything is possible.
I want to acknowledge the coaching staff, led by Coach Mike Piercy, and Assistant Coach Joseph Bour, who have instilled a culture of commitment, integrity, and respect in these athletes.
Under their guidance, Mid Valley truly played a season worthy of the first-ever softball state title in Mid Valley history.
The success of the 2022-2023 team is also a reflection of the support they received from their school and locality.
From parents and families who cheered them on in every game, including traveling to Penn State from Mid Valley for the championship.
By teachers and staff who have provided guidance and encouragement, and by the businesses and organizations that also supported the team, the Mid Valley Spartanettes have been lifted up and given confidence by the entire community.
In Northeastern Pennsylvania we believe in the power of working together and showing civic spirit.
The Mid Valley Spartanettes championship is a testament to the strength of that belief.
These athletes demonstrated what can happen when we support our young people to the fullest.
So, I congratulate the 2022-2023 Mid Valley High School softball team on their historic season and thank them for inspiring us all.
I'm proud to represent Mid Valley and look forward to celebrating many more successes in the future.