Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Sandra Blauvelt, who passed away at the age of 81 on April 18, 2023.
Sandra was a beloved member of the community and devoted public servant.
Born in 1941 in Cleveland, Ohio, Sandra, fondly known as Sandy, grew up the youngest of 7 children.
An ambitious and intelligent young woman, she attended Hathaway Brown School in Shaker Heights, where she served as the president of her high school class, won junior skating championships, and was admitted to Wellesley College.
Sandy married her high school sweetheart, Gerrit Blauvelt, and they traveled across the country with their growing family while he finished medical school.
After 2 years in the Navy, the family moved from Virginia to Larkspur, California where Sandy quickly began her decades of service to the Larkspur community.
At the old Larkspur-Corte Madera school, Sandy organized parents and community members to volunteer at a new after-school enrichment program, sharing their personal passions and skills with students.
Her community organizing skills assisted Joan Lundstrom in becoming the first woman elected to the Larkspur City Council in 1971.
She also helps to raise funds for the acquisition of a section of Northridge as open space in 1977 and ran the successful campaign of Hal Brown for Marin County Supervisor in 1984.
After his election, Sandy served as his aide for many years.
Sandy dedicated decades of service to Marin County, including as the founding President of the Larkspur Community Foundation, 42 years on the Larkspur Park and Recreation Commission, and as a longtime member
and she was deservedly awarded Citizen of the Year in 2005 by the City Along with her political savvy, Sandy was known for her dedication to friends, family, and neighbors and for her active role as a grandmother.
While she will be greatly missed, her legacy will live on through the positive impact she had on her community.
Sandy was predeceased by her husband Gerrit and is survived by her daughter Molly Blauvelt, son Andy Blauvelt, grandsons Jonny and Sam Rank, granddaughters Sophie and Alice Blauvelt, and dozens of nieces, nephews, grandnieces, and grandnephews.