JULY 13 Time to be announced Committee on Veterans' Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomination of Tanya J. Bradsher, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs.
TBA 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Oceans, Fisheries, Climate Change, and Manufacturing To hold an oversight hearing to examine the budget of the United States Coast Guard.
SR-253 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2023, a joint resolution proposed by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Interior, to approve agreements concluded with the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of Palau (and an agreement with the Republic of the Marshall Islands upon its conclusion) to amend the Compacts of Free Association with the Freely Associated States.
SD-366 Committee on Finance Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Oversight To hold hearings to examine 25 years of the Child Tax Credit (1997-2022).
SD-215 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1080, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require electronic communication service providers and remote computing services to report to the Attorney General certain controlled substances violations, S. 359, to amend title 28, United States Code, to provide for a code of conduct for justices of the Supreme Court of the United States, and the nominations of Loren L. AliKhan, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, Susan Kim DeClercq, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Julia Kathleen Munley, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Pennsylvania, Vernon D. Oliver, to be United States District Judge for the District of Connecticut, and Tara K. McGrath, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of California, Department.
SH-216 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 2043, to provide for certain authorities of the Department of State, S. 1457, to authorize negotiation and conclusion and to provide for congressional consideration of a tax agreement between the American Institute in Taiwan (AIT) and the Taipei Economic and Cultural