Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and

congratulate Westfield High School track coach Christopher Tafelski on

his recent designation by the U.S. Boys' Track and Field and Cross

Country Coaches Association (USTFCCCA) as the 2024 Boys' High School

Track and Field Coach of the Year for the State of New Jersey.
This is

not Coach Tafelski's first award from the USTFCCCA, and I am certain it

will not be his last.
Coaching for the track and field and cross

country programs at Westfield High School since 2004, Tafelski, a WHS

alum himself, has worked to build a team that is not only award-

winning, but one with a strong sense of community.
Tafelski has led the

renowned WHS track and field and cross country teams to multiple

national qualifications and state championship titles among countless

other accolades.
I am honored to have such a dedicated coach and

educator in out district, and I look forward to seeing both Coach

Tafelski and the Westfield track and field and cross country programs

continue to thrive in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING WILLIAM ARTHUR HUGHES

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of

William Arthur ``Bill'' Hughes, who sadly passed at the age of 96.
Bill served for three years in the United States Marine Corps and

attended the FAA Aeronautical Center in Oklahoma City, which launched

him into his 28-year career as a dedicated air traffic controller.
After his time in Oklahoma City, Bill and his beloved wife, Nancy,

lived in Wilmington, North Carolina, Savannah, Georgia, and Isle of

Hope.
After settling down in Isle of Hope, Bill began his second career

as a ``starter'' of one of Skidaway Island's golf courses.
Mr. Hughes was also well known for his incredible athletic skills.
Bill played on the Marine Corps football team and was a highly talented

bowler.
Bill and his wife Nancy are survived by their three children,

William, Martha, and Jennings.
Mr. Hughes was a hardworking individual

who will be missed greatly by his family, friends, and coworkers.
I

send my most sincere condolences to Bill's wife and three children.
My

thoughts and prayers are with all his family and friends in this

moment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY OFFICER PROTECTION ACT

OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Department of the

Treasury Officer Protection Act of 2024.
This bill would help protect

Treasury Department police officers and the public by allowing all the

officers, including those who work at the Bureau of Engraving and

Printing (BEP), to carry their government firearms home.
BEP officers are not allowed to take their government firearms home.
However, BEP officers can be targets because they wear uniforms to and

from work.
Many BEP officers carry personal firearms to and from work

because they are not allowed to take their government firearms home,

and some are forced to leave those personal firearms in their cars

while they are on duty, creating a possibly dangerous situation.
Allowing BEP officers to carry their government firearms home will

put them in the same position as Mint officers.
Although both agencies

are under the Treasury Department under Treasury Department rules, Mint

officers are allowed to carry their government firearms home, while BEP

officers are not.
There is no meaningful distinction between officers

for these two agencies.
They should be treated equally.
This bill would allow all police officers in the Treasury Department

to carry their government firearms home to protect officers and the

public, eliminating separate carrying rules for the Treasury

Department's different law enforcement agencies.
I ask my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.