Title: CELEBRATING JACK RICHTMAN'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
124

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING JACK RICHTMAN'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate a truly remarkable

milestone--the 100th birthday of Mr. Jack Richtman, a true American

hero.
Jack's life is a testament to resilience, service, and the enduring

power of family.
A longtime resident of Elburn, Illinois, Jack served

our Nation with distinction during World War II.
Six months after D-

Day, he landed on the beaches of Normandy, bravely fighting in six

battles as a gunner on a mortar unit for the Army's 71st Infantry

Division.
His contributions were instrumental in aiding Allied forces

in post-war efforts throughout Europe.
Growing up on the South Side of Chicago, he faced the challenges of

the Great Depression, eventually moving to Wisconsin to continue his

education.
While a Junior in high school, Jack's patriotism ignited

after the bombing of Pearl Harbor, and he enlisted in the Army Air

Corps.
His dedication to service led him to the artillery unit, where

he honed his skills through rigorous training in California.
After the

war, Jack served in Austria and returned home with a lifetime of

memories and a heart full of gratitude for his fellow servicemembers

and the freedoms he defended.
Upon returning home, Jack married his high school sweetheart, Karwyn,

building a life filled with love in St. Paul, Minnesota.
Their union

blossomed into a remarkable family of 12 children, a testament to their

unwavering commitment to each other.
With a degree in chemistry, Jack's

career led him to Illinois in 1971, eventually landing in Elburn in the

1990's, where he has resided ever since.
After 32 years of marriage his wife Karwyn passed away in 1978, but

Jack's love for family never wavered.
He found love again with Mary

Perkins, a widow with eight children, whom he married in 1980.
This

union brought together a blended family of 19 children, and has

blossomed to include 52 grandchildren, and 52 great-grandchildren.
Today, surrounded by his loving family, he stands as a beacon of

strength, embodying the spirit of sacrifice and service that defined

his generation.
Jack continues to live a fulfilling and energetic life

in Elburn with his son, Tom.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to celebrate Jack Richtman and I ask my

colleagues to join me in recognizing Jack Richtman's extraordinary life

and unwavering patriotism.
He is an inspiration to us all, and his

100th birthday serves as a reminder of the sacrifices made by those who

came before us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE REEVES-REED ARBORETUM'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and

recognize the Reeves-Reed Arboretum on their 50-year anniversary.
I am

grateful to be able to celebrate this incredible milestone with the

Reeves-Reed family and our community.
The Reeves-Reed Arboretum is a

beautiful natural setting of a forest and gardens that engages,

enriches, and teaches its visitors about environmental stewardship.
For

the past 50 years, they have shown their dedication to our community

through programs and activities for all ages to grow through connecting

with nature.
Reeves-Reed has something for everyone, including summer

camps for children, gardening and hiking groups, scout events, and many

opportunities to learn and reflect.
As a non-profit organization, the

Arboretum and its staff are dedicated to their mission of helping our

community and being an educational and spiritual resource for its

visitors.
Reeves-Reed is also a cornerstone of Summit's cultural

landscape, and its 13.5 acres are listed on both the National and State

Registers of Historic Places.
As we reflect on the past 50 years at

Reeves-Reed they have exceeded the expectations and I know they will

continue to do so for the next 50 years to come.