This bill would allow all police officers in the Treasury Department

to carry their government firearms home to protect officers and the

public, eliminating separate carrying rules for the Treasury

Department's different law enforcement agencies.
I ask my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, on July 25, 2024, I was unable to vote due

to illness.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
400.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF THE CITY OF WILLARD'S SESQUICENTENNIAL

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the City of

Willard's Sesquicentennial.
The perseverance of pioneers and settlers

to overcome the challenges faced during the early years of the city's

history has persisted throughout the past 150 years.
The hard work and

spirit shown by generations of city residents have made Willard an

outstanding example of American ingenuity.
In 1874, the City of Willard was established as a community and a

junction for the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's line to Sandusky and the

branch west to Chicago.
The original name of Willard was Chicago,

however, passengers would mistake the community for Chicago, Illinois.
The city's name was changed to Chicago Junction, but the word

``junction'' did not fit on name boards at the time.
In 1917, the town

changed its name to Willard, after the then president of the Baltimore

and Ohio Railroad, Daniel Willard.
In 1960, Willard officially became

the city's name.
The city is an asset to the great State of Ohio

through its many contributions in the fields of manufacturing and

agriculture.
It remains to this day a key junction for the rail company

CSX Transportation.
Mr. Speaker, by remembering the 150th Anniversary of the City of

Willard, community members recognize the outstanding achievements,

maintain the pioneer attitude, and strive to better their city through

the principles on which it was founded.
I thank and congratulate

Willard on this significant milestone.