TAC Industries partnered with Clark State College in

Springfield, Ohio, which is also in my district, to create the Fresh

Abilities restaurant, a farm-to-table quick service restaurant on the

campus, which functions simultaneously as an employment center and a

training program for workers with disabilities.
Through their partnership, TAC developed a curriculum that included

over 100 hours of classroom instruction and hands-on skill building.
They utilized the college's classroom facilities for their employees'

food safety training.
In the restaurant, the employees were then

trained in how to prepare meals, how to make sales, and develop

customer service skills.
Employees at Fresh Abilities gained the unique experience of working

in a safe, inclusive environment while getting the training and support

they need to do their jobs to the best of their abilities.
Clark State

students, faculty and employees gained access to healthy food, and the

college's administration was able to divert funds previously spent on

food service to other student-focused areas.
For individuals with disabilities, the opportunity to pursue a

fulfilling, meaningful career of one's own choosing with a path for

advancement is important to their quality of life.
I appreciate the

work TAC Industries undertakes to provide these employment and

vocational opportunities, and congratulate them on receiving this

prestigious award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE RETIREMENT OF DR.
LOURDES ``LULU'' BLACKSMITH

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Lourdes

``Lulu'' Blacksmith on her retirement and to honor her many years of

dedicated service to communities across Kane County and beyond.
Dr. Blacksmith's Journey is a testament to the American Dream.
Born

in Querendaro, Michoacan, Mexico, she arrived in the United States in

1974, embracing a new land with open arms and a thirst for opportunity.
Her career path reflects a commitment to public service and community

engagement.
Dr. Blacksmith began her exemplary career as the Manager of

Community Outreach at AMITA Health Mercy Medical Center in Aurora,

Illinois.
She went on to serve as the Director of Community Relations

and District Press Secretary for the Speaker of the U.S. House of

Representatives, demonstrating her ability to navigate the complexities

of government and advocate for the needs of constituents.
Most

recently, she served as the Managing Director of Community Engagement

and Legislative Affairs for Elgin Community College, where she helped

bridge the gap between education and the community.
In addition to her professional achievements, Dr. Blacksmith has

dedicated herself to empowering marginalized communities.
In 1999, she

founded Companeros en Salud, an organization that provides vital

healthcare resources to the Hispanic community and other diverse

groups.
Her commitment to social justice is evident in her active

membership in numerous organizations, including the Chicago

Metropolitan Agency for Planning (CMAP), the Community Foundation of

the Fox River Valley, RISE of South Elgin, and the St. Charles Chamber

of Commerce.
Dr. Blacksmith's tireless efforts have been recognized with numerous

awards including the Illinois Legislative Latino Caucus Foundation's

Latino Leadership Award, the Quad County Urban League's ``Women of

Power'' Award, and the Chicago Latino Network's Latina Professionals

Award.
Her academic achievements are equally impressive.
Dr. Blacksmith

earned her Doctor of Education degree in Leadership in Higher Education

and Organizational Change from Benedictine University, a Masters degree

in Higher Education Leadership from Northeastern Illinois University,

her Bachelors degree in Liberal Arts with an emphasis on Multicultural

Studies from DePaul University, and an Associate's degree in Applied

Sciences from Waubonsee Community College.
Mr Speaker, I am proud to honor Dr. Lourdes ``Lulu'' Blacksmith.
Her

dedication, leadership, and unwavering commitment to serving others

have left an indelible mark on our community.
I ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating her as she embarks on this new chapter in her

life with her husband Steve, two daughters Nikki and Stefanie, and her

grandchildren Sophia and Stephen.