As a non-profit organization, the

Arboretum and its staff are dedicated to their mission of helping our

community and being an educational and spiritual resource for its

visitors.
Reeves-Reed is also a cornerstone of Summit's cultural

landscape, and its 13.5 acres are listed on both the National and State

Registers of Historic Places.
As we reflect on the past 50 years at

Reeves-Reed they have exceeded the expectations and I know they will

continue to do so for the next 50 years to come.
I am honored to have

such an amazing community in the 7th Congressional District, and I look

forward to what is to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING CITY MARKET

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

76th anniversary of City Market, the supplier to Sea Island Corporation

and many other restaurants in South Georgia.
City Market was founded in 1848 in Brunswick by Harold Sigmund and

E.W. Stanford, Sr.
Upon E.W. Stanford, Sr.
's death that same year, his

18-year-old son and E.W. ``Captain Red'' Stanford, Jr. took over the

business.
The two eventually bought out Mr. Sigmond and continued

building a great reputation for the business.
City Market then moved to its current location on Gloucester Street

in 1969.
After his passing, Captain Red left the legacy of City Market

to his grandson, Frank ``Little Red'' Owens, Jr., as well as his

brother and sons, Walker and Wyatt Owens.
Left to run the packing house

was his son-in-law, Bruce Collins, Sr.
Through the dedication of the family and its loyal customers, City

Market has continued to grow and prosper.
Congratulations to City

Market, a true family business, on 76 years of success and hard work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING STEVIE CANNADY

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

Golfweek Super Senior National Championship Winner Stevie Cannady.
Mr.

Cannady turned 65 in early January, making 2024 his inaugural season in

the Super Senior division.
Prior to his National Championship victory, he had his best finish of

2024 in early May at the Lowcountry Senior invitational, placing in the

top 5.
He hit 86 percent of fairways and 89 percent of greens with a

final-round score of 70, jumping up to the lead and placing first in

the National Championship.
Aside from his many golf achievements, Mr. Cannady owns a logistics

company specializing in trucking, warehousing, and commercial real

estate.
Cannady is a valued member of our community and a force on the golf

course.
Congratulations to Mr. Cannady on an amazing accomplishment,

and I can't wait to see what he achieves next.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING TAC INDUSTRIES

HON.
MICHAEL R. TURNER

Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate TAC (The Abilities

Connection) Industries, a nonprofit organization located in my

Congressional district, that provides job opportunities to people with

disabilities through its participation in the AbilityOne Program.
AbilityOne is a federal program that provides employment opportunities

to approximately 40,000 people who are blind or have significant

disabilities, including more than 2,500 veterans.
TAC Industries recently received the 2024 Innovation Award at Source

America's annual X-Force conference in Orlando, Florida.
This award

honors a nonprofit that developed ``innovative work methods, products

or services.''
TAC Industries partnered with Clark State College in

Springfield, Ohio, which is also in my district, to create the Fresh

Abilities restaurant, a farm-to-table quick service restaurant on the

campus, which functions simultaneously as an employment center and a

training program for workers with disabilities.
Through their partnership, TAC developed a curriculum that included

over 100 hours of classroom instruction and hands-on skill building.
They utilized the college's classroom facilities for their employees'

food safety training.