Recently the International Criminal Court prosecutor, Karim Khan KC, visited Israel and the west bank.
In relation to Gaza, he stated: “A law is not some cosmetic adornment that can be disregarded.
It’s a fundamental requirement that must be complied with.”
I assume the Minister will agree with that.
If that is the case, will he ensure that Britain co-operates fully with the prosecutor in his work?
As a strong supporter of the International Criminal Court, Britain will always co-operate.
We strongly support the ICC.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that, as a state party to the Geneva convention, the Israeli Government are obliged to take action against Israeli nationals accused of grave breaches of international humanitarian law, were there to be any, so that would not be a matter for the ICC.
What steps he is taking to help tackle destabilising activities by Iran in the middle east.
Iran bears responsibility for groups it has long supported.
We have stepped up our response to recent attacks.
HMS Diamond will bolster our maritime presence in the region and a new Iran sanctions regime will soon be in place, giving us greater powers to designate Iranian activity.
The regime in Tehran has been blatant, public and even unapologetic about its backing, funding and arming of Hamas—terrorists who we now know are not just murders but rapists.
In the light of that, is it not time to snap back the full range of sanctions on Iran, to sanction a wider number of officials in Iran and to proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?
Our new Iran sanctions regime will be laid imminently, giving us new and enhanced powers to counter Iran’s hostile activities in the UK and around the world, and its oppressive practices at home.
We have already sanctioned more than 350 Iranian individuals and entities, including the IRGC in its entirety.
I agree with the comments made by  the right hon.
Member for Chipping Barnet (Theresa Villiers) , but should we not also be wondering about what Iran is doing within its own borders?
Four hundred and nineteen people were executed in Iran between January and July, and 127 have been executed since  7 October .
Iran has been using what is happening in Israel as a cover for much faster executions, including those of 17-year-old Hamidreza Azari—a child—and Milad Zohrevand, who is the eighth “Woman, Life, Freedom” protester to have been executed by this horrible regime.
Is it not time that we really took the case to Iran about its own human rights record?
The hon.
Member makes a very important point.
We call out the brutal repression of the protests that have taken place, and we continue to hold Iran to account for its human rights record, including the repression of women, girls and children, as he highlights.
We will, as I said, bring to bear a new sanctions regime to assist in those efforts.
Whether his Department is taking diplomatic steps to help ensure that perpetrators of alleged human rights violations against the Tamil community in Sri Lanka are held to account.
The UK is working closely with international partners on this long-standing priority, including at the UN Human Rights Council, where the UK led resolution 51/1 on Sri Lanka.
Many prominent Sri Lankans were credibly accused of war crimes against the Tamil minority, particularly towards the end of the 30-year civil war in Sri Lanka.
But all these years on, they are still at large, unlike the nearly 18,000 Tamils who went missing and are still unaccounted for.
In response to the SNP spokesperson, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stirling (Alyn Smith) , we were told earlier that evidence of war crimes would be taken seriously.
How can the people of Palestine have any faith in that if the Tamil people of Sri Lanka have had the evidence sitting there for all these years and the Government are doing nothing, other than wringing their hands?
We all take these issues very seriously.
I was in Sri Lanka just a few weeks ago, and I was able to raise the need for progress on human rights, on reconciliation and, indeed, on accountability with the President of Sri Lanka during my visit.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Tamils, may I ask my right hon.
Friend the Minister to assure the House that the FCDO is actively considering the evidence for sanctioning those credibly accused of war  crimes who are active participants in Sri Lankan high society, and that she will pass that evidence on to the United Nations Human Rights Council, in line with resolution 30/1?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his active and championing work as chair of the APPG.
He is right, and we absolutely recognise the concerns of the Sri Lankan public, and indeed victim groups, about the creation of a credible domestic accountability process.
We continue to urge the Sri Lankan Government to address those concerns.
As I said, I raised them when I was there.
I was also able to discuss human rights and justice issues with members of civil society, Tamil representatives and the governor of the Northern Province when I visited Jaffna.