“both legally and operationally fundamentally flawed.”
Will the right hon.
Lady give way?
I will give way to the hon.
Member if he can say whether he agrees with the previous immigration Minister or the current one.
I am grateful to the shadow Home Secretary for asking me questions; she overestimates my ability.
Talking of Christmas turkeys, this morning the Leader of the Opposition gave an interview on Radio 4 that, typically, contained no policy whatsoever.
Can she outline how she would reduce immigration and tackle the problems that she is castigating this Government for, given that everything she says she would do, the Government are already doing?
The trouble is that they are not—they are just not.
The scale of the Government’s operations to go after the criminal gangs is tiny.
The £300 million that the Government have already committed to Rwanda is a third of the budget of the National Crime Agency.
They are prepared to put that investment into Rwanda—into this tiny scheme that will affect only a couple hundred people—but are totally failing to invest sufficiently in tackling the criminal gangs, working with Europol and going after the supply chains.
There are warehouses of boats across Europe that the European police forces are totally failing to go after, which our party has said we would go after.
We would work with Europol and get new security arrangements in place, which again, the Government are failing to do.
Instead, we have the former Home Secretary,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Fareham (Suella Braverman) , who signed the last agreement and brought forward the last piece of legislation, saying that the Bill is fatally flawed and will not stop the boats.
Yesterday we had Back Benchers saying that the Bill should have been pulled because it is partial and incomplete, and the Home Secretary—who privately called this whole thing “batshit”—is out to bat for it today, even though he knows it will not work.
This is the Tories’ asylum crisis.
Five years ago, we did not have a major problem with dangerous boat crossings, but they let criminal gangs take hold along the channel.
They failed to work with France at the beginning when they had the chance, and they let smugglers spread their tentacles along the coast, organising dangerous boat crossings that undermine border security and put lives at risk.
At the same time, the Tories let Home Office decision making collapse.
They decided to downgrade the skills and experience of caseworkers, then shrugged their shoulders when productivity dropped.
They failed to return people—they have let returns collapse, down by 50% compared with the last Labour Government.
The next Labour Government, if we are elected, would set up a new major returns unit with, 1,000 additional staff to increase returns.
Rather than the total number of returns collapsing and the Government failing to return people who have no right to be here, our party would introduce a new returns unit to make sure we have proper enforcement.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Just shouting at the shadow Home Secretary is not a good look.
You should be listening to what she has to say.
Will the right hon.
Lady give way on the last point?
I will.
I am extremely grateful.
Is this not just a fig leaf for a completely incompetent Home Office?
I have a constituent who has exhausted his leave to remain and wants to go back to Fiji.
He applied to the voluntary returns service in September and gave his passport to the Home Office in December—that was in 2022.
The local church is going to pay for his ticket, yet he still cannot return.
If the Home Office cannot deal with cases like that, how can we trust it with anything else?
The hon.
Member is totally right.
I have now heard of a series of failed asylum cases in which people want to return to their home countries and have applied to the Home Office to be able to do so, and the Home Office has told them that they will have to wait six months because it is so incapable of getting a grip.
In the case that the hon.
Member has raised, somebody has been waiting for 12 months to be able to return to their home country.
There has been a 50% drop in returns compared with the last Labour Government, because the Tories always go after gimmicks and they never get a grip.
There are 40,000 people whose asylum applications have failed and who have not been returned, and 17,000 people the Government have just lost—they do not even know where they are.
It was their policy to let the backlog soar and put 56,000 people in hotels.
This is the Tories’ asylum crisis, and they are failing to fix it.