Another day when the Foreign Secretary is unaccountable, in the middle of a war that could still get even worse.
West bank violence is rising, Hezbollah have attacked Israeli positions and Israeli airstrikes have hit towns in south Lebanon.
A widening of this conflict is in no one’s interest, and all parties must show restraint.
While he is absent from this place, what steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to prepare for further escalation and to deter all parties from full-blown regional war?
First of all, I fully understand that the right hon.
Gentleman wishes to have close contact with Lord Cameron as the Foreign Secretary, but he will be aware that he is in almost continuous contact with the Foreign Secretary by text and WhatsApp—indeed, Mr Speaker, if he was in any closer contact it would probably be a civil partnership.
On the substantive point about the widening of the conflict, the right hon.
Gentleman will know that, very early after  7 October , the Prime Minister moved a British military asset to the eastern end of the Mediterranean, first to try to ensure that, if there were any arms being moved, we would know about it, and secondly to have eyes on what was happening.
British diplomacy, along with that of our like-minded allies and friends, is devoted to ensuring that the conflict does not widen.
We come now to the SNP spokesperson.
The UK is providing logistical and surveillance support to the state of Israel.
Has any evidence come to light that gives concern  about the commission of war crimes in the west bank or in Gaza?
Britain is providing some overflight of Gaza to help us identify, and move forward the issue of recovering, the hostages.
That is exactly the right thing to do.
To repeat the question, has any evidence come to light that gives concern about the commission of war crimes?
Can the Minister assure us that any such evidence that comes to light will be sent over to the International Criminal Court in response to its call for evidence under article 86, with which the UK is surely bound to co-operate?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is not just the Government but many different organisations that are seeking to identify what is happening on the ground, and the extent to which international humanitarian law is being abided with.
Any such evidence will undoubtedly be put before the relevant authority—the courts that he mentioned, specifically—if such evidence is available.
What steps his Department is taking to implement the UK’s commitments in the White Paper on international development, published in November 2023.
The White Paper includes 217 commitments to be delivered through to 2030.
I have asked officials in the Foreign Office to work with colleagues across Government to implement the commitments and determine the order of priority.