An aggressive threat to a smaller neighbour, an attack on recognised international borders, an illegitimate referendum stoking historical grievances—the Putin playbook is being copied in Caracas by Maduro.
We must stand up to bullies and tyrants with imperial ambitions.
As we maintain our steadfast commitment to Ukraine, can the Minister reaffirm the UK’s unwavering support for Guyana’s sovereignty?
Yes, I can.
Yesterday I attended a meeting convened by the Secretary-General of the Commonwealth, and it put out a statement last night which I very much hope will reassure the right hon.
Gentleman.
What progress has my hon.
Friend made on the granting of full environmental protection to the waters around the South Sandwich Islands, as well as additional protections and improved management around South Georgia?
The South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands marine protected area provides comprehensive protection against the entire maritime zone.
It has been rated one of the most sustainable in the world.
The Government are currently undertaking their second five-year review, and a report is expected early next year.
Alexei Navalny has gone missing from his penal colony, and has not been heard of for nearly a week.
Will the Minister join international counterparts in making urgent representations to try to find out where he is, and to ensure his personal safety?
We condemn this outrageous detention, and we will continue to make representations in Moscow and elsewhere for consular access and Mr Navalny’s release.
“World malaria report 2023” shows that the number of malaria cases and deaths remain above pre-pandemic levels.
What more can the Government do to ensure that we recover lost ground, and also drive towards the total eradication of this awful disease?
My hon.
Friend is right to ask that question.
British scientific expertise has delivered two new malaria vaccines, and as a result of our replenishment of the Global Fund we are working to ensure that 86 million mosquito nets are delivered, providing 450,000 seasonal malaria chemoprevention treatments.