The Prime Minister has been crystal clear that he, and the Government he leads, will not let foreign courts destroy this Rwanda plan and curtail our efforts to break the business model of the evil people-smuggling gangs.
My right hon.
Friend makes the point about foreign courts, but what about domestic courts?
Is there not a danger that, in pursuing quite stringent measures in this Bill, we are really testing the principle of comity to breaking point?
This House and this Parliament are sovereign, but we also have the independence of the courts and the rule of law to bear in mind, and restraint on both sides—by the judiciary and by this place—is essential if we are to maintain the balance of our constitution.
My right hon.
and learned Friend knows I have a huge amount of respect for him, not just as a friend and an individual, but for his experience at the Bar at a very high level.
He raises an important point, and I want to give him complete reassurance that we have looked very carefully at that balance he speaks about and we respect the importance of that.
We genuinely believe this Bill gets the balance right, although, because of the growing nature of this extreme and perverse trade in human misery, we have to take firm action.
We are therefore acting in a way that maintains that balance.
It is novel.
He says it is contentious, and that is true, but we are doing it because we have to break this business model.
We have to do this.
When the European Court of Human Rights—this speaks to the point made by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg)  just a moment ago—indicates an interim measure relating to the intended removal of someone to Rwanda under, or purportedly under, a provision of the Immigration Act, a Minister of the Crown alone, not a court or tribunal, will decide whether the UK will comply with that interim measure.
In order to further prevent individual claims to prevent removal, the Bill disapplies certain relevant provisions from the Human Rights Act 1998 in particular circumstances, including sections 2, 3, 6, 7, 8 and 9.
This is lawful, this is fair, this is necessary, because we have now addressed every reason that has been used to prevent removal to Rwanda.
We have blocked asylum claims from being admitted with legislation that has already passed through this House: when the Illegal Migration Act 2023 is enforced, modern slavery disqualification provisions will assist with speedy removal.
The only possible blocking of removal is if an individual can demonstrate, with compelling evidence, that there is an immediate risk of serious and irreversible harm to them in particular under their individual circumstances.
That sets the bar rightly very high, so that the chances of that happening are rightly extremely small.
The only way to deter people from coming here illegally is to convince them that if they do, they will be unable to stay.
Instead, they will be detained and swiftly removed to a safe third country, or their home country, if it is safe to do so.
rose— I will conclude, as I have been on my feet for a while.
This is how we will save lives at sea.
This is how we will deter illegal migration.
And this—the House should take note—is how we will break the business model of the most evil and perverse trade that we currently can see: the trade in vulnerable people.
The people smugglers are not humanitarians; they are vicious criminals, and we must take action to stop them.
This is how we restore confidence in our immigration system and assert full control over our borders.
rose— I am nearly done; let me conclude.
This is how we will overcome the intolerable pressure on taxpayers, public services and local communities that illegal immigration creates.
That is how we will ensure that the system is fair: fair to those who play by the rules and fair to the British people, who are rightly sick of people arriving here from France in small boats—from France, a safe and wonderful country.
Rwanda stands ready to welcome those new arrivals.
It stands ready to work with us to find a solution on this global issue, rather than being part of a problem, and for that, I believe, it should have our thanks and admiration.
This is an innovative and humane solution to a growing global problem.
Other countries are looking at what we are doing and making similar plans of their own.
A new treaty and this Bill make it clear in law that Rwanda is a safe country to which to relocate illegal migrants.
I want to extend an offer to the whole House.
Colleagues across this House must know how much this matters to our constituents.
Our voters, no matter which party they vote for, are warm and welcoming people to those in genuine need.
We have seen that in the way in which people across this country have opened their homes to many of the half a million people who have come here via safe and legal routes in the past decade.
But the British people rightly expect everyone to play by the rules, and they expect us in this House to do what it takes to stop the boats.
That is what voting for this legislation means.
Our voters are horrified when they see images of people drowning in the channel.
They are horrified when they see people smugglers taking advantage of people.
They want an end to illegal migration.
This Government have a plan that will provide an alternative home for illegal arrivals to the UK and deter others from coming here illegally.
I commend the Bill to the House.