As you know, Mr Speaker, our global British family in the UK overseas territories contains 94% of all the unique species that the UK is responsible for.
These huge marine areas throughout the world’s oceans are hugely vulnerable to climate change, yet are negligible contributors to it.
It has been great to see more OTs sign up to the blue belt initiative, work with groups such as Great British Oceans and attend the recent COP.
What is the Minister doing to encourage more overseas territories to join the blue belt and to assist overseas territories to get access to strategic international funding for conservation, adaptation and resilience?
It is an important question.
Our need to tackle climate change extends widely to the OTs.
We have done significant work on the blue belt programme, and we have engaged a large number of OTs at COP28  this year so that we can help push forward their work and give greater access to this funding.
It is vitally important.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his counterpart in Pakistan on the Maira Shahbaz case.
We strongly condemn forced marriage and the forced conversion of women and girls, including in Pakistan.
We regularly raise our concerns, including individual cases, at a senior level with the Pakistani authorities, and we fund projects in Pakistan to address the underlying causes.
At the age of 14, Maira Shahbaz was abducted, forced into a marriage and raped.
She escaped and has been sitting in one room with her entire family, terrified.
She is now 18.
I have lost track of the number of meetings I have had with successive Home Secretaries and the letters I have written.
Nothing has happened to get this girl out, yet at the same time 100,000 fit young men are pouring across the channel in search of a better job.
For God’s sake, can we not show some Christian compassion?
What more can the Foreign Office do in Pakistan to try to stop these forced conversions and forced marriages?
We continue to press these individual cases with the Pakistani Government.
The former Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Braintree (James Cleverly)  raised human rights, including the persecution of minorities, with caretaker Prime Minister Kakar on  25 September .
Lord Ahmad raised the need to protect minority communities with caretaker Foreign Minister Jilani on  13 September  and again in a letter on  5 October .
We continue to raise in Islamabad the issue of forced marriage and conversion with the Pakistani authorities.
This is not only about the case of Maira Shahbaz, but about the cases of many other young Christian girls, young Hindu girls and young Sikh girls in Pakistan being kidnapped from an early age.
It is clear that there is an epidemic in Pakistan of the kidnapping and abuse of young girls.
What is being done with Pakistan to change the attitude and the law of the land?
As well as making representations at a senior level, we fund programmes in Pakistan working to address child and forced marriage and gender-based violence, discrimination and intolerance, especially against minorities, in an effort to achieve cultural change that will attend to this matter.
Of course, that is slow and painful work, but our team in Islamabad is fully focused on it.
What recent discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on Israel’s obligations under international law.
Israel has the right to defend itself against terror, restore its security and bring the hostages home, but it must abide by international law and take all possible measures to protect civilians.
I do not disagree with anything that the Minister has just said, but the question is: what does Israel having to abide by international law actually look like?
We know that it has acted with impunity in the west bank with illegal settlements, and historically with the building of the wall and so on.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hammersmith (Andy Slaughter)  said, the sheer scale of casualties of innocent civilians in Gaza raises serious questions.
What does it actually mean when we say that Israel has to abide by international law?
It means precisely what it says.
The fact that Israel is a democracy and the fact that all around the world people will be looking carefully at how things are being conducted in the region should give the hon.
Lady hope that international humanitarian law counts and will be supported.