The right hon.
Lady is asking me to confirm figures that we have put in the public domain.
Unsurprisingly, I am totally comfortable confirming what I have already said.
Rwanda will introduce an even stronger— rose— The right hon.
Lady has the chance to make a speech in just a few moments.
The system of specialist asylum tribunals to consider individual appeals against any refused claim within Rwanda will have one Rwandan and one other Commonwealth co-president and will be made up of judges from a mix of nationalities, selected by the co-president.
To the point the right hon.
Lady is making about the money spent by the British Government, as is the case with many countries around the world, the Government spend money capacity building with our international partners, and we have been working extensively with Rwanda to build capacity too.
The treaty makes clear that anyone relocated to Rwanda cannot be removed from Rwanda to another country except back to the United Kingdom.
It is binding in international law and enhances the role of the independent monitoring committee, which will have the power to set its own priority areas for monitoring.
The committee will have unfettered access to monitor the entire relocation process, from initial screening to relocation and settlement in Rwanda.
Relocated individuals and legal representatives will be able to launch confidential complaints directly with that committee.
It is that treaty and the accompanying evidence pack that enable the Government to conclude with confidence that Rwanda is safe.
We will need to be certain that domestic and foreign courts will also respect the treaty, and that is why we have introduced this Bill.
On that point on foreign courts, clause 5(2) says: “It is for a Minister of the Crown…to decide whether the United Kingdom will comply with the interim measure.”
Is the advice from the Attorney General that it will be compatible with international law for a Minister to refuse to comply with such an indication?
My right hon.
Friend, who is an expert proceduralist in this House, will know that advice from the AG to Government is privileged, and I am not going to share it at the Dispatch Box, but he will also know that the Government’s position is clear and unambiguous that this is in accordance with international law.
He can rest assured of that.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that, as a matter of law, an interim measure under rule 35 is directed not to the courts of the UK, but to the Governments of the member states?
Therefore, what the Bill says simply restates what is the position anyway: it is the member state that it applies to, not the courts.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Will the Home Secretary give way?
I will give way one more time, and then I will make more progress.
The Home Secretary says he will not reveal to the House the Attorney General’s advice, and that is fine, but on the issue of the money, his permanent secretary was in front of the Public Accounts Committee yesterday and told us that, as well as the payment of £50 million due next year, there are payments planned for years four and five.
Is he willing to share with the House how much will be paid to Rwanda in years four and five of the programme?
The hon.
Lady will know that we have committed to a reporting schedule that is completely consistent with other Government Departments and with the reporting schedule of the Home Office in other areas.
We intend to commit to doing that.
This Bill builds on the Illegal Migration Act 2023 and complements all other measures that this Government are employing to end illegal migration.
The Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill makes it unambiguously clear that Rwanda is safe and it will prevent the courts from second-guessing the will of this sovereign Parliament.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I have to make progress.
The Bill gives effect to the judgment of Parliament that Rwanda is a safe country, notwithstanding UK law or any interpretation of international law.
For the purposes of the Bill, a safe country is one to which people “may be removed from the United Kingdom in compliance with all of the United Kingdom’s obligations under international law”— I hope that will reassure my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Kenilworth and Southam (Sir Jeremy Wright) — “that are relevant to the treatment in that country of persons who are removed there.”
It means that someone removed to that country will not be removed or sent to another country in contravention of any international law, and that anyone who seeks asylum or who has had an asylum determination will have their claim determined and be treated in accordance with that country’s obligations under international law.
rose— I am going to make progress.
I have been generous, but I want others to have the chance to speak.
Anyone removed to Rwanda under the provisions of this treaty will not be removed from Rwanda except to the United Kingdom, in a very small number of limited and exceptional circumstances.
Should the UK request the return of any relocated person, Rwanda will return them.
Decision makers, including myself or the holder of the post of Home Secretary, an immigration officer and the courts must all treat Rwanda as a safe country.
They must do so notwithstanding the relevant UK law or any interpretation of international law by courts or tribunals.
That includes the European convention on human rights; the refugee convention; the international covenant on civil and political rights; the United Nations convention against torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment; the Council of Europe convention on action against trafficking in human beings which opened at Warsaw on  16 May 2005 ; customary international law; and “any other international law, or convention or rule of international law, whatsoever, including any order, judgment, decision or measure of the European Court of Human Rights.”