The Minister for Africa has rightly highlighted the involvement of the Rapid Support Forces in atrocities in Darfur, and many Members have flagged the links between external states and the RSF.
When the Minister was in Dubai for COP28, did he raise the issue of external support for the RSF with those deemed likely to be responsible?
I raise these issues not only at the COP but whenever I have the opportunity to do so, not least in discussions with Hamdok, the last Prime Minister of Sudan.
While we welcome the call from last Saturday’s Intergovernmental Authority on Development summit for an immediate cessation of hostilities, we remain acutely concerned by the events that are taking place, many of which bear the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.
The threat to Guyana’s territorial integrity has already been highlighted.
Can the Minister reassure me that we are taking steps with our allies in the region to deter any use of force by the Maduro dictatorship?
Venezuela’s actions with regard to Essequibo in Guyana are completely unacceptable.
The border was settled in 1899, and we are working with our regional partners, such as Brazil, and with international bodies including the United Nations Security Council, the Commonwealth—as has already been mentioned—and the Organisation of American States to de-escalate tensions.
The horrifying death toll in Gaza includes more than 100 aid workers and some 70 journalists.
The vast majority of media casualties have been Palestinian journalists who went on working in the face of airstrikes and the deteriorating humanitarian situation as a result of the lack of information caused by the denial of access to international media.
The National Union of Journalists   warns of systemic targeting of journalists in Palestine, a further breach of international law.
How will the Minister impress on the Israeli Government these specific obligations?
As I said earlier, we do stress the importance of abiding by the rules of war.
I pay tribute to the brave humanitarian workers who put themselves in harm’s way, unarmed, to help their fellow citizens.
What precedent do the current negotiations between London and Port Louis on the future of the British Indian Ocean territory have in relation to the sovereignty of other uninhabited overseas territories, and, indeed the British sovereign base areas in Cyprus?
As raised earlier in substantive questions, we continue to have our negotiations on the British Indian Ocean Territories, which we are taking forward in good faith.
It is not just citizens of the United Kingdom but the Government of Cyprus who are being denied information as to what the US military may be flying from RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus to Israel.
Is that not something that they should know about, given the risks, and is it not something that we should know about, given the complicity?
When it comes to Cyprus we have been working closely with our allies attending to the need for security, which may pertain to the release of hostages, so I think this is entirely a good thing.
I am a vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Japan, and we have recently hosted more than 60 companies in Parliament, for which we thank the Minister for Investment and Blick Rothenburg.
With increasing securitisation in international politics, is it not more important than ever to big up UK-Japan commercial opportunities?
As the Japanese say: ganbatte ne!
The UK-Japan bilateral relationship has never been stronger.
The Hiroshima accord that the Prime Minister agreed with Prime Minister Kishida on  19 May  cements and builds on a period of sustained growth and deepening of our enhanced global strategic partnership.
As many of us go home tonight and kiss our children, parents in Gaza will be searching for body parts to recognise their children and burying them.
Families broken; futures stolen.
Is the Minister comfortable with over 18,000 innocent Palestinian civilians being killed, many of them children?
When will he do the right thing and call for a ceasefire?
The hon.
Lady reflects the pain and agony that those parents feel with great eloquence, and it is felt across the House, but the issue is how we address the causes of what happened on  7 October  and the fact that a pogrom was imposed by Hamas, killing so very many Jewish people.
We have to move towards a moment where the political skies clear and there is an opportunity for a new political initiative.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Does my hon.
Friend recognise the recent joint statement from Armenia and Azerbaijan as a historic milestone towards the normalisation of relations?
Can he tell us what this Government are doing towards bringing about a lasting peace treaty?
We are greatly encouraged by the joint statement from Azerbaijan and Armenia confirming their intention to normalise relations.
As I made clear to both countries during my recent visit, we fully support their efforts to achieve a historic and lasting peace.
In answer to question 9, the Minister seemed to say that the Government were planning to completely proscribe the IRGC.
Could he confirm that?
If that were the case, it would be welcomed across the House.
To be clear, I said that we would be introducing a new sanctions regime.
My constituent Amani Ahmed arrived here from Gaza for her PhD just days before the outbreak of the war and is now desperately trying to bring her husband and three children to the UK.
UK Visas and Immigration advises travelling to the nearest visa application centre but that is impossible as they are unable to leave Gaza.
Can the Minister urgently intervene to ensure that Amani’s family are able to join her safely in the UK?
The hon.
Lady will know that there is a specific track to pursue on this, and if she has not already been in touch with the crisis centre at the Foreign Office, that is what she should do immediately.
Last week I was contacted by Kennington Bethlehem Link, a voluntary group dedicated to working with Israelis and Palestinians.
It raised the case of Anas Abu Srour, who was arrested by the Israeli army.
This week it was announced that he had been detained for six months in administrative detention, and the reason for his arrest is still unclear.
A petition of support has been signed by over 6,000 people in nine days, so will the Minister please ask the Foreign Secretary to work urgently with his Israeli counterpart so that we can find out why he was imprisoned?
If the hon.
Lady will make available to me the full details of that case—assuming that she has not already told the Foreign Office—I will look into it for her and ensure she gets an answer.
That great world-beating British charity, the HALO Trust, has just announced the destruction of its 2 millionth landmine.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the trust, and also pledge further funding, which will be vital and necessary if it is to be able to deal with the outcome of Ukraine?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to pay tribute to the HALO Trust.
Before I returned to Government I was an ambassador for the trust, so  I speak with some pride in this matter.
If he looks carefully at the International Development White Paper, which drew strength from all across the House in its commitments and identifying important aspects, he will see that HALO is mentioned there.
It is good to see you back in your place, Mr Speaker.
Is the Department monitoring the case of Raffaele Mincione, the British citizen who is currently being taken through the Vatican state courts, and is it making any representations to the Vatican courts about his case?
Will officials agree to meet me to discuss the case?
I can certainly organise for someone to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss that
but, as he will know, arrangements with the Vatican were substantially   changed in the year 1534, in the reign of King Henry VIII.
As far as I know, there has been no change since then to reverse that.
India’s supreme court has upheld the Indian Government’s decision to revoke article 370 of the constitution, which granted special status to Jammu and Kashmir.
What assessment has the Minister made of the situation, as many Kashmiri constituents are quite worried?
We took note of the supreme court decision, and we continue to discuss with both parties the need both to resolve the continuing situation and to have constructive dialogue with the Kashmiris involved.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
With crucial talks at COP28 locked in disagreement, we are hearing reports that the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero,  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , is on his way back to the UK.
It is said that he “will continue to be the lead UK minister for the negotiations with any final decisions agreed with him.”
I do not see how that can quite be the case when he is on an aeroplane.
We can only assume that he has been called back because of tonight’s Rwanda vote, and that saving the Prime Minister’s skin is somehow seen as more important than trying to save the planet.
Mr Speaker, can we bring the Minister to the House to explain why he has left the COP talks and what that means for our negotiations?
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker. Government, as the hon.
Lady knows, is seamless.
While the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero is anxious to support the Government on the important legislation tonight, my noble Friend Lord Benyon, who is one of the UK’s greatest experts on climate change, is at the COP in Dubai today to ensure that a senior Minister is representing Britain in those vital negotiations.
Right.
Let us move on.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Dame Maria Miller, supported by Mr Ian Liddell-Grainger, Chris Elmore, Steve Brine, Julie Elliott, Harriett Baldwin, Bob Blackman, Layla Moran, Taiwo Owatemi and Sir James Duddridge, presented a Bill to make provision about the status of, and privileges and immunities in connection with, the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the International Committee of the Red Cross; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 19 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 140).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Dame Maria Miller presented a Bill to require the Sentencing Council to issue sentencing guidelines in respect of sections 58 and 59 of the Offences against the Person Act 1861; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 19 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 141).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Sarah Dyke presented a Bill to set minimum service levels for the provision of public transport in rural areas, including for access to sites of employment and education; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 26 January 2024 , and to be printed (Bill 51).
Second Reading [Relevant documents:
First Report of the Home Affairs Committee of Session 2022-23, Channel crossings, migration and asylum, HC 199, and the Government response, HC 706; oral evidence taken before the Home Affairs Committee on  29 November 2023 , on Work of the Home Office, HC 356; oral evidence taken before the Home Affairs Committee on  15 November 2023 , on Work of the Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration, HC 126; oral evidence taken before the Home Affairs Committee on  8 June 2022 , on Migration and asylum, Session 2022-23, HC 197.]
The reasoned amendment in the name of the Leader of the Opposition has been selected.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Before I speak to the Bill, let me say that the House may well be aware that, tragically, there has been a death on the Bibby Stockholm barge.
I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House, like mine, are with those affected.
The House will understand that at this stage I am uncomfortable going into any more details, but we will of course investigate fully.
This Government are stopping the boats.
Arrivals are down by a third this year, as illegal entries are on the rise elsewhere in Europe.
Indeed, small boat arrivals are up by 80% in the Mediterranean, but they are down by a third across the channel.
The largest ever small boats deal with France, tackling the supply of boat engines and parts, the arrest and conviction of people smugglers, and a 70% increase in raids on illegal working are having an impact—a positive one.
We have signed returns and co-operation agreements with France, Bulgaria, Turkey, Italy, Georgia and Ethiopia.
Fifty hotels are being returned to their local communities, and the initial asylum backlog, which stood at 92,000, is now under 20,000.
We have sent back 22,000 illegal migrants, and the UK’s arrangement with Albania proves that deterrents work.
rose— I will not give way yet, as I have just started.
Last year, a third of all those arriving in small boats to the coast of this country were Albanian.
This year, we have returned 5,000 Albanians, and arrivals from Albania are down by 90%.
But in recent years, some of the Government’s efforts to tackle illegal migration and deport foreign national offenders have been frustrated by a seemingly endless cycle of legal challenges and rulings from domestic and foreign courts.
rose— I will give way in a moment.
Of course, this Government respect court judgments, even when we disagree with them, but Parliament and the British people want an end to illegal immigration and they support the Rwanda plan.
The Home Secretary points to deterrence.
He has often used the Australian model of offshoring detention centres as a gold standard.
What are his comments, then, on the fact that Australia has recently shut down its offshore centre because of the high financial and human costs?
The hon.
Lady raises the case of Australia.
It had 55,000 illegal migrations by boats and that has trended pretty much down to zero—deterrence works.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend will agree that the British are world champions at queueing.
We do not like queue jumpers, which is why illegal immigration grates with us.
Will he confirm that the Government will take all steps to ensure that we remain within international law, not just now but going forward?
In that case, I will certainly be supporting the Bill tonight.
Does he also agree that some colleagues in this place need to be careful what they wish for?
I am confident, and indeed the conversations I have had with the Government’s legal advisers reinforce my belief, that the actions we are taking, while novel and very much pushing at the edge of the envelope, are within the framework of international law.
That is important because the UK is a country that demonstrates to the whole world the importance of international law.
We champion that on the world stage and it is important that we demonstrate it.
rose— I am going to make further progress.
Judges of course play an important role, but they are not policymakers and they should not be policymakers.
When the courts find a particular formulation of policy unlawful, it is the job of politicians to listen to their views, respect their views and find a solution.
rose— I will make further progress.
Thanks to the efforts on the part of the UK Government and the Government of Rwanda, that is exactly what we have done in response to the verdict from the Supreme Court.
The new treaty that I signed last week with Rwanda and the Bill that accompanies it are game changing.
The principle of relocating people to a safe country, to have their asylum claim processed there, is entirely consistent with the terms of the refugee convention.
Both the High Court and the Court of Appeal unanimously confirmed that point.
My right hon.
Friend was an excellent Foreign Secretary, so he will know the extraordinary tensions that exist between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo accuses Rwanda of sponsoring the M23 terrorist organisation, which is violating Congolese women and killing Congolese soldiers.
This week, the Congolese President named the Rwandan President as a Hitler-like figure.
What is my right hon.
Friend’s response to the concerns of our Congolese friends in that regard?
In my former role, I had extensive conversations with the Governments of both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Rwanda.
We do  not agree with that assessment of the Government of Rwanda.
More importantly, other international organisations also rely heavily on Rwanda, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the European Union.
They would not do that if they believed that Rwanda was an unsafe country.
rose— I intend to make further progress—this is Second Reading and there will be plenty of opportunities for colleagues to speak—but I give way to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
Just yesterday, I received correspondence stating: “EU Council Directive 2005/85/EC is caught by Article 2(1) of the Protocol, therefore can be relied upon in NI (but not GB).”
It added that article 7 of the directive “confers the right to remain in the territory” while a claim is being processed, which “creates additional ‘rights’ in NI” that do not apply in GB and “expressly frustrates the core intent of the Rwanda Bill from applying in NI”.
Has the Home Secretary had the opportunity to look at that?
The point that the hon.
Gentleman makes about differential treatment in different parts of the United Kingdom is one that we are conscious of.
As the Bill progresses, he and others will have the opportunity to raise concerns about specific details.
We will, of course, listen to his concerns and those of others.
When passed, the Bill will address the practical implications.
At the moment, the challenge of the number of refugees is not as significant in Northern Ireland as in other parts of the UK, but, as the hon.
Gentleman has heard me say before, we are always conscious to make sure that all parts of the UK are, and feel that they are, in the thinking of the Government as we move forward.
rose— I will make further progress.
As I say, the principle of relocating people to a safe country to have their asylum claims processed is entirely consistent with the terms of the refugee convention.
The High Court and the Court of Appeal unanimously confirmed that, and the Supreme Court did not dispute those findings in own findings three weeks ago.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is clear in international law and in relation to the question of the rule of law that in this country, with our unwritten constitution, a clear and unambiguous use of words, clearly establishing the intention of Parliament in the enactment of a law, takes precedence over international law, in accordance with the judgments of Lord Hoffmann, as well as judgments and statements by Lord Judge, Lord Denning and other very distinguished jurists, including in paragraph 144 of the judgment made last month?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
He is right that when the wording of a Bill is clear and unambiguous—where there is a deeming clause—that  is the express will of Parliament, that Parliament is sovereign, and that that thinking must be adhered to through the legal process.
rose— I am going to make some progress.
A few weeks ago, the Supreme Court upheld the judgment of the Court of Appeal, meaning that we cannot yet lawfully remove people to Rwanda.
That is because of concerns that it expressed that relocated individuals might be refouled.
I am sure the House knows that that means that those individuals might be re-deported to a third country.
The Government disagreed with that verdict, but, as I have said, we respect the verdict of their lordships.
It is important to understand that the Supreme Court’s judgment was based on the facts as they existed 18 months ago and that the Court said the problem could be remedied.
As I told the House last week, we have worked on and found that very remedy.
Our asylum partnership with Rwanda sets out, in a legally binding international treaty, the obligations of both the UK and Rwanda within international law.
I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for giving way.
As he says, international law and domestic law are both important, but they are different.
The Bill seeks to give this House the power to deem Rwanda a safe country.
Can he confirm for me that what it does not seek to do is suggest that this country, or this House, has the power to deem itself in compliance with international law?
My worry stems from clause1(5) of the Bill, which, of course, reflects the Government’s intention to deem Rwanda a safe country, but then goes on to describe the safe country as one “to which persons may be removed…in compliance with all of the United Kingdom’s obligations under international law”.
Will he confirm that it is not the Government’s intention to suggest that it falls to any country to deem itself in compliance with international law—he does not need me to explain what the consequences of that might be elsewhere in the world—and that he will look again at the language and whether it needs to be changed to clarify that point?
I can reassure my right hon.
and learned Friend that that is absolutely not the intention of the Bill.
The deeming clause is specifically about the safety of Rwanda, because of our response to their lordships’ position at the Supreme Court hearing.
We are not seeking to redefine through domestic legislation international law.
If the right hon.
Gentleman is right and the treaty with Rwanda meets the concerns of the Supreme Court, why is this Bill necessary?
If Rwanda is now a safe country as a result of the treaty, why is this highly controversial Bill, which is clearly causing great problems in his own parliamentary party, necessary?
We are putting forward legislation that will be clear and unambiguous, so as to support the treaty.
The treaty addresses the concerns raised by their lordships.
rose— With the indulgence of the House, I intend to make some progress.
I want to make sure that others have a full chance to speak in this debate.
The Bill sets out to Parliament and to the courts why Rwanda is safe for those relocated there.
The treaty that I signed last week puts beyond legal doubt the safety of Rwanda.
It provides the basis to end the merry-go-round of legal challenges that have second-guessed the will of Parliament and frustrated this policy, this House, and the desire of the British people.
Rwanda will introduce an even stronger end-to-end asylum system, stronger still than the one that underpins its relationship with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
It will have a specialist asylum appeals tribunal—