The Prime Minister has made this legislation—this policy—the Tories’ flagship.
It is extortionately expensive, and it is failing.
Ministers have repeatedly tried to hide the cost: just 10 days ago, the Home Secretary was trying to suggest that it was only £140 million.
It has already cost twice that for nobody to be sent, under a scheme that Home Office officials have described as unenforceable and at high risk of fraud.
Those hundreds of millions of pounds could now be £400 million, and I would like whichever immigration Minister winds up today’s debate to explain whether this is now, in fact, a £400 million plan.
That is hundreds of millions of pounds that could have been spent on thousands more police to boost our border security and smash the criminal gangs.
It could have been used to clear the backlog entirely, end hotel use and save us a further couple of billion pounds, or train 1,000 doctors or 4,500 nurses.
Of course, if the Government manage to send people to Rwanda, they will have to spend further money, probably around £200,000 per person—perhaps the Minister could also confirm that figure.
That is more than twice as much as it costs here in the UK, so can the Government confirm that by the time they have finished, close to half a billion pounds will have been paid to Rwanda for just a few hundred people, around 1% of those arriving in the country?
The Court of Appeal has said that there is only capacity in Rwanda for around 100 people; even the judge who agreed with the Government said that talk of thousands is “political hyperbole”.
The asylum system in Rwanda is also limited: it has only processed an average of 100 people a year for the past three years, so at most, it will be a few hundred people.
Some 56,000 people are in hotels, 100,000 applied for asylum last year and 160,000 are waiting in the backlog, so potentially less than 0.1% of those people will be covered by the scheme.
It is no wonder that the permanent secretary said yesterday: “We don’t have evidence of a deterrent effect”.
The Government are now on their third new law in two years.
The Home Secretary said that the Bill means “if you enter Britain illegally, you will be detained and swiftly removed…to a safe third country, such as Rwanda”—[Official Report,
7 March 2023 ; Vol. 729, c. 152.]— except that was not the current Home Secretary, but his predecessor, talking about the last Bill: the Illegal Migration Act 2023, passed four months ago.
The main section of that Act has not actually been enacted, because the Government know it will not work.
The Home Secretary has also said that the Bill will “deter illegal entry into the UK”—[Official Report,  24 March 2021 ; Vol. 691, c. 922.] and that anyone who arrives illegally will be sent “to the country they arrived from or a safe third country”, but that also was not this Home Secretary or this Bill: it was his predecessor but four,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , when she introduced the main provisions of the Nationality and Borders Act 2022, passed 18 months ago.
The main section of that Act has been revoked because it made things worse.
The first Act was largely revoked because it made things worse, and the second one is not yet in force because the Government know it will not work, so forgive us for not believing a single word about the Bill that is before us today.
We have heard it all before.
When he responds to the debate, the immigration Minister should explain what is going to happen about clause 2 of the Illegal Migration Act, which requires the Home Secretary to remove everyone to Rwanda or elsewhere if they arrived after July.
The Government have put that provision on hold, apparently until after Rwanda gets off the ground, but even if they do manage to do that quickly, more than 15,000 people will have arrived in the country on small boats since then, all of whom the Government have now promised to send to Rwanda.
If Rwanda is only going to take a few hundred people a year, it is going to take the Government over 100 years to send those 15,000 people who have arrived since they passed the last law.
It will take them 10 years to send everyone who has arrived in the last fortnight alone.
In the meantime, while they focus on this gimmick, they are failing to get a grip and they are failing to bring down the backlog.
Instead, we have people in asylum hotels at the taxpayers’ expense at the astronomical cost of £8 million a day.