My hon.
Friend is quite right about the rights of the international Red Cross.
We are involved in intensive diplomatic efforts to secure the release of the hostages.
It is continually raised by the Prime Minister, who met families of British people taken hostage by Hamas and of other hostages during his trip to Israel.
My hon.
Friend may rest assured that while I cannot give a running commentary on these matters, we are doing everything we can to secure their release.
I wholeheartedly support the calls for the immediate and unconditional release of all the remaining hostages held by Hamas and other groups.
However, further to the Minister’s response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , I refer him to UN resolution 1860 of 2009, when the UK supported a ceasefire in Gaza and a permanent ceasefire followed a few days later.
The hon.
Lady will be well aware of the view of the Government and, indeed, of the Opposition Front Bench, on the possibility of a ceasefire at this time, which we simply do not think exists.
On the earlier events that she refers to, the situation then was very different from the one that pertains today.
On the issue of hostage taking, the British-Russian dual national Vladimir Kara-Murza was jailed and poisoned by the Putin regime for criticising the war in Ukraine.
He is a de facto hostage of the regime.
I have just met his mother, who is in Parliament today.
Will the Minister arrange for me to meet the Foreign Secretary with his relatives to hear about the conditions and torture he has been subject to?
I am advised that Ministers have met the family, but I will see what I can do to facilitate a meeting, as my right hon.
Friend requests.
Small numbers of hostages have been released in the past as a result of pauses in the response by the Israeli authorities.
Will the Minister undertake to ensure that there is wider understanding, both here and internationally, that those pauses are best activated whenever Hamas does not take advantage of them and again embed themselves in hospitals and civilian populations?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to emphasise the importance of humanitarian pauses, and preferably humanitarian pauses that are several days long.
We are doing everything we can to try to ensure that the case for humanitarian pauses, and the ability that would result of getting aid, support and supplies into Gaza, is achieved.
What discussions his Department has had with NATO allies on support for Ukraine during winter 2023-24 The UK regularly discusses support for Ukraine with NATO allies and partners, including at the recent NATO Foreign Ministers meeting and the NATO-Ukraine Council, which the Foreign Secretary attended alongside Ukrainian Foreign Minister Kuleba.
Together, we approved an ambitious programme, including on energy security and interoperability.
Allies remain steadfast in their commitment to support Ukraine through the winter and for as long as it takes.
As a member of the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I recently visited NATO’s Allied Rapid Reaction Corps headquarters in Gloucester, so I welcome that yesterday the Defence Secretary announced the UK-led Ukraine maritime capability coalition to give our allies the power to rule the waves.
What steps is the UK taking to help Ukraine to rebuild its armed forces and provide humanitarian assistance to its citizens?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
The maritime domain is hugely important.
We will continue to work with NATO and Ukraine, including through NATO’s €500 million comprehensive assistance package, to which we have contributed £82 million.
In November, the Foreign Secretary attended the first meeting of the NATO-Ukraine Council at Foreign Minister level.
He emphasised the need to sustain our support to Ukraine for as long as it takes.
Notwithstanding President Zelensky’s meeting in the White House today and the Foreign Secretary’s visit to Capitol Hill in recent days, what are the Government doing to ensure that US support for Ukraine, which is the anchor of all European and broader international support, remains steadfast despite the ongoing political situation in the US?
We are leading by example.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Government are focused on our vital priorities, notably: supporting Ukraine, standing with Israel, and providing aid to Palestinian civilians.
The Foreign Secretary and I met global leaders at COP28, who welcomed the UK’s leadership at this critical time.
We discussed our newly launched international development White Paper, which seeks to get the sustainable development goals back on track at this halfway stage, when they are so far off.
As mentioned before, I will deputise for the Foreign Secretary in this House and make regular statements to keep Members updated.
What steps is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office taking to persuade and encourage our NATO allies to continue and enhance not just their military but civil support for Ukraine in its brave campaign against Putin’s evil invasion?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to put it in those terms.
The Foreign Secretary met the Ukrainian Foreign Minister Kuleba at the NATO-Ukraine Council.
My hon.
Friend will know that nearly £10 billion in military, humanitarian and economic support has been provided by Britain since February 2022, and we were the first country to provide lethal aid.
We are the biggest contributor to the armed forces in Ukraine of any single nation.