The Minister of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of recent increases in violence in the west bank.
What assessment he has made of recent increases in violence in the west bank.
Whether officials in his Department have had discussions with their counterparts in Israel on the recent escalation of violence in the West Bank.
The Government have made it clear that settler violence and the targeting and, on occasions, killing of Palestinian civilians is completely unacceptable.
As calls for an urgent ceasefire in Gaza and an enduring peaceful resolution in the region continue, we must also remain opposed to the violence taking place in the west bank.
To that end, does the Minister share my view that settlement building in the west bank and across the Occupied Palestinian Territories is unacceptable and unlawful and must stop immediately?
Yes.
The hon.
Lady will know that the position of the Government is and has been for many years that those settlements are illegal.
I am pleased to be able to confirm that for her.
The same question could be asked again: it is unlawful, but what are the Government going to do about it?
Does the Minister think that one day we might actually see some prosecutions in relation to those violations of international law?
On the point about settler violence, if that is what the hon.
Gentleman is referring to, we believe that it is not good enough just to arrest those responsible.
They need to be both prosecuted and imprisoned.
The problem is that there are key figures in the Israeli Government who are stoking this violence, with the Finance Minister publicly declaring that there are “2 million Nazis” in the west bank.
What representation is the Secretary of State making to Israeli counterparts to demand a far more robust response to this violence?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that the Prime Minister spoke about this directly with Prime Minister Netanyahu on  5 December  and he made clear that we welcome Israel’s recent comments condemning instances of settler violence, but that Israel must take meaningful action to stop it.