The Minister will have access to intelligence—ours and that of our allies—that he may not be in a position to share with the House.
Will he therefore share his understanding of the effectiveness of Israel’s campaign to weaken and eliminate Hamas and return the hostages, given the appalling and unacceptable loss of innocent Palestinian life—thousands and thousands of children have been maimed and killed—given the catastrophic humanitarian situation in Gaza, given that more than 100 Israeli hostages remain in captivity there, and given that Hamas continues to fire rockets into Israel every day?
We are doing everything we can to help the hostages to whom she referred and to ensure that they come home.
We do that through negotiations, not least in Qatar, and through the overflights, which I referred  to earlier.
The hon.
Lady may rest assured that the Government take precisely the same view as her on what should be achieved.
Whether he has had discussions with his counterpart in the Philippines on the case of Leila De Lima.
We welcome the release of Leila De Lima on bail, which is a positive step for human rights and the rule of law.
The UK’s ambassador has repeatedly raised this case with the Philippines Government, and visited her during her detention.
I agree that it is good news that Senator De Lima has been released on bail after nearly seven years of detention.
What representations are the Government making to their counterparts in the Philippines, via the ambassador, about resolving all the other charges against her, which are believed to stem from her vocal opposition to thousands of extrajudicial killings in connection with former President Duterte’s war on drugs, and about a meaningful investigation into those killings?
The UK Government regularly engage with the Government of the Philippines on the full range of our human rights concerns.
We welcomed the 2020 UN Human Rights Council resolution, which proposed technical co-operation on human rights between the Government of the Philippines and the United Nations.
The resolution resulted in a three-year UN joint programme, which commenced in 2021, to which the UK has contributed £400,000.
We will continue to work alongside them.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his Commonwealth counterparts on the proposed readmittance of Zimbabwe to the Commonwealth.
I regularly discuss a broad range of issues, including Zimbabwe, with Commonwealth counterparts, most recently on Sunday in Dubai when I met the Commonwealth secretary-general, Baroness Scotland.
The decision on re-entry is for all members, based on the membership requirements and the values and principles set out in the Commonwealth charter.
Given the recent enlargement of the Commonwealth, the matters that the Minister referred to are important.
More than 100,000 Zimbabweans live in the UK, many in south Wales, and thousands work all year round in our NHS.
What engagement has the Minister had with the Zimbabwean diaspora to understand the diversity of perspectives and to support their views about Commonwealth membership and other challenges and issues that they face?
The hon.
Lady is right that Zimbabwe has a productive and vibrant diaspora in the United Kingdom, and we hear their views many times.
Britain warned that the election needed to be violence-free and fair, and it was certainly violence-free.
We are waiting for the full report of the observers before making a judgment on further events.
What steps he is taking to help secure the release of hostages held by Hamas.
We are working with international and regional partners to secure the release of hostages, including British nationals.