based ICBM modernization are found in unexpected and little-noticed places like the ``Energy and Water'' appropriations bill, which would spend $19.8 billion for ``Weapons Activities,'' a $2.7 billion increase from the previous year.
So, what is the $19.8 billion for?
This year, the Department of Energy/NNSA requested a $3 billion down payment for the production of ``plutonium pits,'' which are the hollow plutonium shells used to trigger the nuclear reaction.
On its own, this number is astonishingly high, but it doesn't include the anticipated $8 billion to build the production facility in Los Alamos and the second facility at Savannah River, which alone has a projected total project cost of $18-25 billion, nearly six times the initial estimated cost for construction.
It will be the most expensive building in America.
And there is the $1.4 billion requested for stockpile sustainment, the $1.1 billion dollars for the Sentinel warhead development at Lawrence Lab, which has grown by 63 percent, and the untold cost of the six other warheads and bombs that support the other nuclear modernization programs.
Even proponents of modernizing nuclear programs should be concerned about the high costs.
The January 2023 GAO report found that the NNSA has not developed a comprehensive schedule or cost estimate and has not identified all necessary activities or milestones to achieve the required 80-pit-per-year production capacity.
And why do we need to produce 80 pits per year when America already has over 4,000 plutonium pits in storage?
Has anyone studied the potential of repurposing these pits for the new bombs?
The bottom line is this: Senior officials at the NNSA admit they won't meet deadlines and have no idea what the ultimate cost will be.
I have tried to force common-sense reforms to better estimate cost.
For example, I offered a straightforward amendment that would change the current law requiring 80 pits per year to a lower number that represents the realistic number of plutonium pits our country needs and can feasibly produce.
To some, this is seen as an ``extreme radical position,'' and my proposal was voted down.
Time and time again, I have been denied the opportunity to bring important nuclear matters to the floor for debate.
Across the nuclear enterprise, costs are soaring, fears are growing, and it remains unclear what goals we are achieving.
Yet, amidst soaring costs and escalating risks, it's imperative to reassess our nuclear priorities.
Investing more of the modernization budget into diplomacy, arms control, and education could yield far-reaching benefits, fostering a stronger and more secure nation.
Congress must fulfill its duty to allocate taxpayer funds responsibly, avoiding excessive expenses on wasteful nuclear programs that do little to enhance genuine security.
Maintaining a ``safe, secure, and effective deterrent'' does not necessitate these costly modernization plans, especially given the pressing needs in other areas critical to national strength and stability.
The significance of arms control cannot be overstated.
Prioritizing de-escalation isn't just an idealistic notion; it's a necessity.
Arms races cannot be won.
When we attempt to outpace our adversaries in weapon development, they inevitably respond in kind, draining our limited resources and fostering international instability as fear predominates and the world's most devastating weapons become a more likely option.
The critical role of arms control in preserving global stability and security is evident from history's many close calls.
We can't afford to wait for another Cuban missile crisis to recognize the dangers of miscommunication and the failure to engage in dialogue.
Only a few lonely congressional voices have joined the clarion call put forth by the Arms Control Association, Ploughshares, Council for a Livable World, Union of Concerned Scientists, Friends Committee on National Legislation, Nuclear Threat Initiative, and other well-known arms control organizations.
Year after year, funding proposals and resolutions to support non-proliferation, nuclear fissile material control and verification, and weapons negotiations have been made to draw attention to the importance of arms control.
Like Sisyphus pushing the boulder up the hill, it is often thankless work, fighting and clawing for progress only to see it roll back down again, as had happened in the Intermediate Range Nuclear Missile Treaty, New START, and the Iran nuclear agreement.
But the work could not be more important.
Unlike that Greek myth, I do believe that we can get the boulder to the top of the hill and develop robust arms control regimes that will help us all to avoid an existential threat.
There are three key pillars in this endeavor.
First, knowledge of the destructive power of nuclear weapons and an understanding of their role in modern warfare.
The library is full of studies on nuclear war, deterrence, the risks of misunderstanding, compelling arguments for risk reduction, and the value of arms control.
We cannot forget the horrors that nuclear weapons would inflict if they were ever used again.
This work cannot be understated.
It's been 79 years since Hiroshima and Nagasaki and 40 years since the movie ``The Day After'' aired, showing Americans and their leadership just how terrible such an event would be.
It is a hard truth, but one we must face.
We can't allow nuclear weapons rhetoric to be divorced from the very real consequences of their use.
Secondly, encouraging dialogue and fostering open communication channels are essential.
While it may appear impossible to have any arms control negotiations with Russia as it conducts its war of aggression in Ukraine, it is important to remember that many of the previous arms treaties with Russia began at the moment of maximum international tension.
The recent dialogues with China's political and military leaders are encouraging.
We should accept China's offer to discuss ``No first use'' policy.
We don't know where the discussion may lead, but it's an opening.
Lastly, garnering political support is crucial.
Non-profits and advocacy groups have laid the groundwork; now, we must amplify their efforts and call on Congress to act.
For too long, our focus on arms control has waned, and members of Congress have paid too little focus.
This is the moment to redouble our efforts.
In a world marked by uncertainty and growing competition, building bridges and fostering understanding is more critical than ever.
However, this effort must start at home.
Inevitably, Congress must reconcile our infinite desires with our limited means.
That means making hard decisions about how and where to spend taxpayer dollars to achieve real security.
Hundreds of billions of dollars and 14 years have been spent in the modernization of America's nuclear weapons programs, and it has yielded a threenation nuclear arms and space race.
Are we more secure?
The Sentinel ICBM program, now estimated to be $150 billion, breached the cost escalation limit of the Nunn-McCurdy law.
The Pentagon and Congress must now justify the continuation of the program.
Congress and the American public must not waste this pivotal moment to study the reality of the nuclear weapon arms race and make a decision to shift course.
It's past time to maximize our efforts to negotiate an end to the race and seek paths to reduce nuclear arms and the associated existential threat.
We face real challenges in this world, but too often, hyperbole and fear are being used to drive our decision-making.
Competition need not mean hostility.
It is time we returned to reason and rationality.
Together, we must confront the challenges before us, not by building ever more dangerous weapons, but by placing the same priority on effective arms control and risk reduction measures that we currently place on modernization.
We may face challenges, but we still have the choice of which future we will pursue.
We know the risks, we know the dangers that modernizations and the inevitable arms race could hold, but that's why it is so important we redouble our efforts toward making de-escalation real.
Let us take this moment, this opportunity, to engage in a meaningful dialogue and choose the path towards a safer and more world.