Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on this body to fulfill its responsibility in addressing an existential challenge facing our nation.
For decades, nuclear weapons have threatened the safety of our country and our planet.
Today, as nations re-arm and competition re-emerges, we run the risk of repeating our past mistakes and entering a new cold war.
A nuclear arms race is well underway, and it poses an existential threat to all.
This Congress must stand up and stop the escalatory spiral before it's too late.
It's well past time for our voices, the voices of restraint and risk reduction, to be heard in the nuclear arms debate.
The United States, the Russian Federation, and the People's Republic of China are locked into an extraordinarily dangerous nuclear arms race.
All three countries are rapidly increasing their nuclear firepower with new and more capable bombs, more long-range missiles, new stealth delivery systems, bombers, and submarines.
And as tensions heighten, all of this is dependent on the newest field of warfare: space.
All three countries depend upon their space assets to observe, detect threats, and communicate the commands to act.
We must cut through the rhetoric of fear and doomsaying that dominates our nuclear policy debates.
We can no longer allow the thoughtful, calm voices to be drowned out by fearmongering cries.
We must rise above the noise.
Instead of developing cost-effective military systems that provide security while defusing tensions, we have fallen into the fallacy that more missiles make us more secure.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Today, we must call out the failures of our current approach to nuclear modernization and demand that we treat arms control and deescalation with the same dedication and focus we give to our nuclear weapons development.
It is long past time to develop a strategy that sets priorities, recognizes limitations, and strives for a safer future.
It is important to step back and consider the history and broader context of nuclear weapons and Congressional involvement.
Since their development almost 80 years ago, the destructive capability of nuclear weapons has terrified and shocked, but also led governments to pursue their own arsenals and develop the capacity to destroy our civilization multiple times over.
Governments have justified expanding stockpiles with convoluted theories of nuclear deterrence that often defy common sense.
It wasn't until arms control programs and treaties were established that Russia and the United States de-escalated this spiral of stockpiling bombs.
Through four decades, progress was made, the number of deployed and existing nuclear bombs was reduced, and even the most adversarial countries agreed that ``a nuclear war cannot be won and must never be fought.''
Yet, despite this understanding, we continue to maintain and modernize our arsenals with a belief that these weapons dissuade others from employing theirs.
The threat of nuclear conflict remains, and with it, life on our planet ending or becoming dramatically changed.
It would be useful to remind people of the arms control agreements and the leaders that negotiated them.
I'm sure that some of my congressional nuclear warriors would be surprised to see that their most ardent national security heroes negotiated the reductions and controls.
I recognize the nuclear threats posed by countries like North Korea, Russia, and China.
I do not deny the challenging security environment we face.
I am fully aware of the Taiwan/China threat, as well as China's military buildup and South China Sea expansion.
The North Korean regime is dangerous and could precipitate a conflict at any moment.
I condemn Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, irresponsible nuclear saber-rattling, and dangerous nuclear exercises.
Despite these serious threats, we must be wise in preparing our defense and response.
Aggression should not be our first thought when faced with threats, uncertainty, and misunderstandings.
Therefore, I strongly support efforts by the U.S. and Chinese governments to engage in meaningful dialogue that results in specific, concrete actions to reduce the risk of miscommunication or escalation.
As we navigate these complex geopolitical landscapes, it is imperative that we pause and reflect on the strategies guiding our nuclear policy.
Strategy must be more than a word thrown on top of grandiose statements.
True strategy is making the hard choices to align our country's limited resources with our unlimited aspirations.
The greatest problem facing our nuclear strategy today is that we fail to realistically consider that balance, revisit our assumptions, adjust course when programs fail, and figure out new paths forward.
Once approved, weapons programs persist, even when they nearly double and triple their budget.
No one stops and says, ``Enough.''
Too often, we allow these debates to be driven by military calculations and how ``experts'' would fight a nuclear war.
But we must not forget that in a democratic society, the military is the extension programs and strategies that threaten our very existence, we, as a whole society, must decide what costs we should bear and what risks we must take.
Our nuclear strategy must be balanced and rational, allowing for deterrence and defensive actions while encouraging collaboration for a more peaceful future.
We in Congress are part of the problem.
We have bought into the assumption that more nuclear weapons will make us safer.
Ever-growing costs reflect the irrationality that has plagued our nuclear policy.
In the name of ``modernization,'' we've taken on hundreds of billions of dollars of additional spending, and the nuclear accounts grow without question or scrutiny.
An example is the nuclear modernization efforts.
The political price tag for New START was the modernization of all three legs of America's nuclear triad.
Proponents told us the multi-billion-dollar cost was necessary to ensure that we continue to have a viable deterrent.
Today, we can and should debate whether every part of modernization is costeffective and necessary for deterrence.
We must also fully understand the reasons for the massive growth in the cost of all these programs.
Let's turn to the new Sentinel ICBM, which is destined to replace the Minuteman III.
It has incurred an egregious 37 percent cost overrun, making the program's cost almost 211 percent higher than the Air Force's initial 2015 estimate.
This has triggered a critical NunnMcCurdy cost overrun, forcing a stop and a full statutory review.
Despite the new estimated cost of $130 billion, there are loud and clear reflexive signals that the Pentagon and Congress intend to plow ahead no matter the cost or the necessity.
``We'll do whatever is necessary.''
While this may be convenient, the law requires a complete and full review that addresses five critical steps.
(1) The program is essential to national security; (2) there are no alternatives to the program that will provide acceptable capability; (3) the new cost estimates have been determined to be reasonable; (4) the program is a higher priority than programs whose funding will be reduced to cover the increased cost of this program; and (5) the management structure is sufficient to control additional cost growth.
It is imperative that the Pentagon conduct a thorough examination to assess the necessity and feasibility that Congress engage in a full debate to assess the Pentagon's rationale.
Without public pressure, it is doubtful that any hearings will occur, and that's why our Congressional Nuclear Weapons and Arms Control Working Group will hold its own hearing on July 24th.
For years, Congress has dictated in the annual NDAA that the U.S. maintain a minimum of 400 ICB
Ms. A number founded not on logic but because ``that's what we have always had.''
The number of ground-based ICBMs should not be set by the number of existing concrete silos but in the honest analysis of nuclear strategy.
Such a review must consider the risk of a catastrophic mistake inherent in the Sentinel program.
In the event of an attack, it is assumed that the first target is the well-known locations of the ICB
Ms.
It's a use-it or lose-it situation.
Therefore, a ``Launch on Warning'' is the operational imperative.
The President has only minutes to decide if the attack is real.
If the nuclear program is for deterrence, then the submarines, airplanes, and their missiles offer sufficient firepower to dissuade an adversary.
These systems have the benefit of stealth, and the President has the time to gather all information and then decide to use the nuclear response.
If that weren't enough, we also have ample conventional weapons capability to deter potential adversaries.
However, the Sentinel program is not the only problem.
The hidden costs of ground-