JUNE 18 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the National Guard and Reserves.
SD-192 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine unlocking Department of Transportation financing for more transit-oriented housing development.
SD-138 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 4207, to reauthorize the spectrum auction authority of the Federal Communications Commission.
SR-253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine work and Social Security Disability benefits, focusing on addressing challenges and creating opportunities.
SD-215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider an Authorization for Investigation into the Outrageously High Prices Novo Nordisk Charges for Ozempic and Wegovy in the United States Compared to Other Countries, an Authorization for Subpoena of Doug Langa, Executive Vice President of North America Operations for Novo Nordisk and President., for Testimony Relating to the Committee Investigation into the Outrageously High Prices Novo Nordisk Charges for Ozempic and Wegovy in the United States Compared to Other Countries, and other pending calendar business.
SD-562 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine origins of COVID-19, focusing on available evidence.
SD-342 2 p.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine Boeing's broken safety culture, focusing on testimony from CEO Dave Calhoun.
SD-342 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 2944, to enable the people political status of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and S. 3231, to enable the people of Puerto Rico to choose a permanent, nonterritorial, fully selfgoverning political status for Puerto Rico and to provide for a transition to and the implementation of that permanent, nonterritorial, fully self-governing political status.
SD-366 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the Middle East and North Africa.
SD-419 2:45 p.m.
Committee on Rules and Administration To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Smithsonian Institution.
SR-301