Prior to his work with EBMUD, John served as President of the

Association of California Water Agencies (ACWA) and the California

Association of Sanitation Agencies (CASA).
He also was President of the

Lafayette Chamber Board and spearheaded the creation of the annual

Lafayette Reservoir Run for Education.
John has been a strong supporter

of youth in our community, having served as Scoutmaster of Boy Scout

Troop 243 in Lafayette for more than 20 years and later going on to

serve as an Eagle Advisor.
We are grateful for John's continued dedication to our community and

wish him luck at his new post in the Calaveras County Water District.
Please join me in honoring and congratulating John Coleman as he

retires after more than three decades of devoted service with EBMUD.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PASSPORT SYSTEM REFORM AND BACKLOG PREVENTION ACT

speech of

HON.
DARRELL ISSA

Mr. ISSA.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to include in the Record a letter

which my lead Democratic cosponsor, Mr. Costa, and I received from the

U.S. Travel Association expressing the support of the travel industry

for the passage of the Passport System Reform and Backlog Prevention

Act:

March 18, 2024.
Hon.
Darrell Issa,

House of Representatives,

Washington, DC.
Hon.
Jim Costa,

House of Representatives,

Washington, DC.
Dear Representatives Issa and Costa: On behalf of the U.S.

Travel Association (U.S. Travel), which represents all

segments of America's travel industry, I am writing to

express our strong support for H.R. 6610, the Passport System

Reform and Backlog Prevention Act, which is a bipartisan

measure that calls for the modernization of the State

Department's passport processing capabilities.
H.R. 6610

provides a much-needed framework for meeting the Department's

commitment to improve efficiency, security, and customer

experience within the passport application process.
As you know, America's travel industry plays a vital role

in our Nation's economy, contributing significantly to

revenue generation and job creation across all 50 states and

territories.
U.S. Travel's mission is to increase travel to

and within the United States, and H.R. 6610 aligns with that

mission.
As the travel sector continues to recover from the

pandemic, there is an urgent need to modernize that travel

experience, improve travel IT infrastructure, and position

the Department to meet increased demand for passports.
In

2022 and 2023, the Department received a record-breaking

number of passport applications driven by the surge in U.S.

traveler demand for international trips, thereby causing a

massive and persistent backlog in average processing times.
While there has been modest improvement in passport

processing times since last summer, more needs to be done to

bring about sustained progress.
Significant improvements in

both passport and visa processing times can be readily

achieved through the long-overdue modernization of the Bureau

of Consular Affairs' outdated IT systems.
The legacy systems

relied upon by Consular Affairs have significantly hindered

the agency's ability to keep pace with demand and disrupted

the travel experiences of millions of Americans each year.
Accordingly, the modernization of IT infrastructure should be

treated as a critical priority for delivering streamlined

customer experience for passport and visa applicants, while

ensuring the accuracy and security of those functions.
This modernization initiative also aligns with broader

efforts to promote international travel and strengthen

diplomatic relations.
As the world becomes increasingly

interconnected, it is essential for the United States to

maintain a robust and efficient passport system that

facilitates the movement of people and fosters a travel

sector that drives economic growth and job creation.
The U.S. Travel Association commends your bipartisan

leadership in introducing H.R. 6610 and looks forward to

working alongside you to advocate for its passage.
Sincerely,

Tori Emerson Barnes,

Executive Vice President,

Public Affairs and Policy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHERYL HURD

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.