Sincerely,

Tori Emerson Barnes,

Executive Vice President,

Public Affairs and Policy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHERYL HURD

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, having been born and raised in Vallejo,

California and graduating from California State University, East Bay,

Cheryl is a true Bay Area native.
With a focus on the local news

impacting my constituents most, Cheryl covered a wide range of stories,

from community events to breaking news.
Her reporting showcased her

dedication to providing accurate and impactful journalism to her

viewers.
Her love for covering breaking news was known to anyone who crossed

her path.
Cheryl was the first to report about the BALCO steroid

scandal that rocked the sports world.
By shedding a light on the banned

performance-enhancing substances, Cheryl was able to hold corporations

accountable and protect the integrity of our athletics.
I truly admire

the tenacity she showed to always follow through on her stories.
Like many journalists in California, Cheryl was tasked with covering

natural disasters such as wildfires and earthquakes that devastated

entire communities.
I'm thankful for the compassion she showed to the

victims of those events as well as her work to raise awareness of the

increasing risks posed by disasters including the flooding, wildfires,

heatwaves, and drought Californians now face every year.
Over her 20-year legacy, Cheryl was honored with an award from the

Bay Area Black Journalist Association and four Emmy awards presented by

the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences San Francisco.
I'm

so proud that her years of experience and commitment were met with

accolades and applause.
Aside from her time in broadcast, Cheryl is also one of the founding

members of Friends of Faith, a non-profit organization founded 1987,

that raises money for women diagnosed with breast cancer in the East

Bay.
After realizing the financial hardships that East Bay cancer

patients are burdened with, Cheryl, along with her peers, began

fundraising to provide stipends for women in need of financial

assistance during their treatment journey.
This is just one of the many

ways Cheryl cared for her neighbors.
Cheryl's professionalism and selflessness has made our community a

better place.
Now that she has more time, I hope Cheryl is able to

enjoy more time with her family and adorable dog, Stripe.
I'm

privileged to call her a friend, and I wish her a joyful retirement.
It

surely is well-deserved.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LISA A. WILKEN

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor a Hoosier whose

service to country and community has endured for over three decades.
Lisa Wilken is a former airman and advocate who has dedicated her

career to uplifting her fellow veterans.
Lisa's service began in the United States Air Force and continues

today through her work with veteran service organizations as a fierce

advocate for veteran-friendly legislation at both the Indiana

Statehouse and the United States Congress.
As an active member of multiple veteran organizations, Lisa has

advocated for veterans at every stage.
Far too often the assistance

veterans require post-service is not accessible, or just nonexistent.
Lisa's experience in the Air Force enabled her to become an advocate

for lifechanging legislation at the Indiana Statehouse, including

securing tax exemptions for disabled veterans, Veteran Service Officer

accreditation, tuition coverage and free programs for dependents of

disabled veterans, and the creation of the State Women Veteran

Coordinator position at the Indiana Department of Veteran Affairs.
Lisa has prioritized recognizing and serving overlooked

constituencies in the military community, especially women veterans.
She testified before Congress to raise awareness for the lack of

funding for military sexual trauma veterans.
In 2017, she was honored

by the State of Indiana with the Torchbearer Award, and in 2023, she

was inducted into the Indiana Military Veterans Hall of Fame.