Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF THE KERRVILLE VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL CENTER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
52

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF THE KERRVILLE VETERANS AFFAIRS

MEDICAL CENTER

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th birthday

of the Kerrville Veterans Affairs Medical Center in my district.
This

beautiful campus serves veterans from across multiple counties in the

Texas Hill Country.
The Benevolent War Risk Society and the American Legion recognized

the need for medical care of World War I veterans.
Countless veterans

contracted tuberculosis during and after that conflict.
Fundraising for

the hospital began in 1919.
The generous Schreiner family of Kerrville

donated over 700 acres of land for the hospital grounds.
Unfortunately,

funding ran out in early 1921.
The American Legion came to the

project's rescue and eventually donated the hospital to the State of

Texas.
As a result, the name ``American Legion Memorial Sanatorium'' was

bequeathed on the facility.
The first patients were admitted on June

22, 1921.
The federal Veterans Administration began to lease the

hospital from the State of Texas two years later.
The facility became

the 93rd veteran hospital to open in the United States on July 12,

1923, under the name ``Veterans Administration Hospital at Kerrville.''
There were a total of 15 buildings on campus at the time, some of which

are still used today.
President Herbert Hoover created the Veterans Administration in July

1930, changing the name of the hospital yet again.
Over the years,

efforts were made to expand.
A two million-dollar project in 1947

resulted in 400 additional beds and a total of 8 hospital floors.
January of 1960 saw the conversion of the facility to full general

medical services.
On March 15, 1995, the South Texas Veterans Healthcare System was

created when the Kerrville VA Medical Center merged with the Audie L.

Murphy Memorial Hospital in San Antonio.
Over the years, the Veterans Administration donated most of the

original land to various local entities.
The current footprint of the

Kerrville VA Medical Center is 70 acres, including a Veterans National

Cemetery.
My constituents will gather on April 12, 2024 to recognize

the significant contributions of this medical facility to Texas

veterans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN COLEMAN

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my friend and

an esteemed leader in Contra Costa County, John Coleman, as he retires

from the East Bay Municipal Utility District (EBMUD) Board of Directors

after 33 years of dedicated service and is honored as the Lafayette

Citizen of the Year.
Throughout his career, John has been instrumental in shaping vital

water policy in our state, forging increased collaboration between a

variety of California water agencies, working to protect the East Bay's

water supply, and guiding the agency through multiple state-wide

droughts.
John was first elected to EBMUD's board in 1990 representing

the communities of Alamo, Lafayette, Walnut Creek, Danville, Pleasant

Hill, and San Ramon.
John played a key role in the founding of the

Freeport Regional Water Authority (FRWA), an agency tasked with guiding

the financing, ownership, construction, and operations of the Freeport

Regional Water Project.
John is also the longest-serving board member

in EBMUD's history.
Prior to his work with EBMUD, John served as President of the

Association of California Water Agencies (ACWA) and the California

Association of Sanitation Agencies (CASA).
He also was President of the

Lafayette Chamber Board and spearheaded the creation of the annual

Lafayette Reservoir Run for Education.
John has been a strong supporter

of youth in our community, having served as Scoutmaster of Boy Scout

Troop 243 in Lafayette for more than 20 years and later going on to

serve as an Eagle Advisor.