What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
Our first duty as a Government is to keep people safe.
It is clear that we need to act on recent public inquiries that have called for reform, such as those into the Grenfell Tower tragedy and the covid-19 pandemic.
That is why the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is leading a review into national resilience against the range of risks the UK faces.
In the last year alone, we have seen a mini-tornado in Nottingham, flash floods in Madeley and rain like no other across Newcastle-under-Lyme.
We see the devastating effects of climate change every day.
What is the Minister doing to improve resilience and preparation across central Government, local authorities, local communities and emergency services, to ensure that Newcastle-under-Lyme and the rest of our country are prepared for any and every extreme weather event?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that question.
As the Environment Secretary has said, it is a matter of some regret that the previous Administration  left our country’s flood defences in the worst condition ever recorded, and it is communities such as my hon.
Friend’s that have unfortunately had to pay the price.
I can assure him that the resilience review will strengthen our approach to resilience across the whole range of risks that we face, including those in his constituency.
We have already taken steps to improve resilience across government.
If we are to ensure that the UK is resilient to the potential threats that face our country, it is vital that people who work to bring communities together and keep us safe are given the training, knowledge and skills that they need to play their part.
My constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South knows the importance of that more than most, with people working tirelessly to tackle and calm the racial tension at the centre of the violent disorder we saw over the summer.
Organisations such as the Emergency Planning College do fantastic work to deliver crisis management and resilience training.
Can the Minister tell the House what steps she is taking to support their work in that area?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and in September I was delighted to visit the Emergency Planning College, which has served as the UK Government’s centre for resilience expertise since its founding 80 years ago.
I am pleased to report to the House that the UK Resilience Academy is on track to be established next April.
It will build on the training currently offered by the Cabinet Office’s Emergency Planning College, providing a wide range of training for organisations, businesses and individuals.
Of course, as part of the resilience review we will further consider whether policy is working in respect of training and skills, and where it needs to be improved.