The Minister will be aware that the dire financial inheritance bequeathed by the last Government means that there is rightly a renewed focus on how we spend public money.
Will she tell the House what work she is doing across Government to ensure better use of public money, drive down waste and improve efficiency, in particular with regard to consultants?
As the Minister responsible for public service reform, I am clear that every single pound saved on unnecessary consultancy spend is a pound invested in the renewal of our public services and delivering our ambitious missions to change the country.
We are taking tough action to cut down on wasteful consultancy spend.
We are acting to stop all non-essential Government consultancy spending this year and to halve Government  spending on consultancy in future years, with a target saving of £550 million in 2024-25 and £680 million in 2025-26.
As you can imagine, Mr Speaker, the people of Scotland are beside themselves with excitement—I would go so far as to say we are fair giddy—at the prospect of receiving a visit from the Prime Minister’s special envoy.
As we prepare the red carpet and the massed pipe bands to welcome her, may I ask exactly what was the Cabinet Office’s role in the creation of the post, when we will see a job description published, and when the special envoy will finally take up the post officially?
I thought the hon.
Member would be joining me in satisfaction at a nil-nil draw away from home last night.
As for the personnel matter that he raised, all I will say is that I am enormously grateful to the Prime Minister’s former chief of staff for her efforts as chief of staff.
I do believe that we want good, normal working relationships with the Scottish Government, and anything to do with the post will be announced in due course.
Despite representations from me and several members of Madeley parish council requesting action to tackle repeated flood incidents at Bar Hill and particularly Mallard Close, families and businesses in Newcastle-under-Lyme are still being let down by Conservative-run Staffordshire county council.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the resilience review so that we can deliver where others have failed?
As I mentioned earlier, the resilience review will strengthen our approach to resilience across a range of risks we face, including flooding.
We have already taken important measures through the creation of the dedicated floods resilience taskforce, the first meeting of which I attended last month.
The provision of blue-light escorts is clearly a matter of operational policing, but last week my colleagues on the London Assembly wrote to the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster asking for an inquiry into the provision of tickets to politicians, including the Labour Mayor of London, and the pressure that was then applied to the Metropolitan police to provide an escort to Taylor Swift.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman conduct a review so that we can see what happened and ensure that, if mistakes were made, they are rectified and this does not happen again?
These are operational decisions for the police, but I am glad that the person who is currently the biggest pop star in the world was able to play in London, particularly following the threat of a terrorist attack at her previous concerts in Austria.
I am glad that the show went on.
It was fantastic to see senior officials from the UK’s closest allies in intelligence meet recently to co-ordinate the fight against fraud, which affects the most vulnerable members of my community in Erewash.
What steps  have the Government taken to support the Public Sector Fraud Authority to prevent, detect and recover fraud and error?
At the Five Eyes summit last month, I reiterated this Government’s firm commitment to tackling fraud and learning from our closest intelligence allies.
Fraud does not respect international boundaries.
This is a top priority for this Government, and we are taking action to build a wide anti-fraud coalition on advanced artificial intelligence and analytics, and to take further action on enforcement.
You will be aware, Mr Speaker, that we are coming to the end of Whistleblowing Awareness Week.
Civil servants and others are Ministers’ best friends.
They are the people who can indicate where to find evidence of fraud, corruption and other criminal activity.
May I press Ministers to create the office of the whistleblower, to give new legal protection, to normalise speaking out and to promote greater public awareness of whistleblowing rights, demonstrating the importance of whistleblowers in a fair, open and transparent society?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to draw attention to two things: the good work that civil servants do and the valuable role that whistleblowers play.
That is why the last time we were in government, we legislated for legal protection for whistleblowers.
It is important that people can come forward without fear of what they have to reveal.
The United Nations calculates the human development index, which ranks countries based on GDP per capita, but also includes health and education measures such as life expectancy and school enrolment.
As an integral part of our mission-led Government, will the Minister please outline the steps they are taking across Departments to ensure health indicators can be considered alongside economic indicators, as a measure of sustainable growth for our country?
We have seen record numbers of our fellow citizens—2.8 million—excluded from the workforce because of long-term sickness.
This Government recognise that taking action to improve health outcomes and address economic inactivity is vital for achieving sustainable economic growth.
We will produce a White Paper to get Britain working.
That will support other steps that we are taking across Government, creating more good jobs in clean energy through our modern industrial strategy, making work pay and improving the quality of work through our new deal for working people.
We are also committed to cutting NHS waiting times, improving mental health support so that we can tackle the root causes of inactivity and fix the foundations.
The Paymaster General and Minister for the Cabinet Office,  the right hon.
Member for Torfaen (Nick Thomas-Symonds) , gave a very helpful reply to a question on infected blood compensation.
What discussions has he had with victims and families of the infected blood scandal in Northern Ireland since the final report was published in August this year?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his interest in this matter and his words of support about the progress the Government have made.
Sir Robert Francis conducted an extensive engagement exercise during the general election period, and the Government responded to that by adopting 69 of the 74 recommendations that were subsequently made.
I met victims of the scandal in the days before I made the announcement back in August.
I also work closely with the Health Ministers of the devolved Administrations, including Northern Ireland.
Can the Minister confirm that the procurement reforms will consider social value and local impact in contracts of Government and partners, such as the Crown Estate and Great British Energy, in important areas where there are World Trade Organisation non-competition exemptions, for example floating offshore wind contracts in the Celtic sea?
They can provide a critical boost to the economies of places such as Cornwall.