Last week’s legislation was welcome and was supported by the Liberal Democrats, and we were glad of the Government’s suggestion that these were initial steps ahead of broader reform.
Will the Minister outline a timeframe for when further legislation will be brought forward for democratic reform of our upper Chamber, and can he assure me that safeguards will be put in place to protect against cronyism, with improved mechanisms to review appointments to the other House?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her constructive approach to this matter.
Clearly, we want to see the current Bill on the statute book as soon as possible.
We will then move on to the second stage of our reforms, looking carefully to build a consensus to have that smaller, better value, active House of Lords that we all want to see providing more considered scrutiny of this House.
We will certainly consider her specific points about the appointments process.
If he will take steps to ensure that the UK Government resilience framework helps communities mitigate against flood risk.
In the aftermath of the flooding experienced at the end of September, and as the final figure of flooded properties is confirmed, discussions are ongoing between the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and the Department for Business and Trade about the activation of the flood recovery framework, which is a core package of business and community recovery support.
There are stringent criteria for activation of the scheme by Ministers and the current estimates of localised impacts and a relatively low number of properties flooded in September are below the threshold for activation.
However, the Flood Re insurance scheme, a joint initiative between the UK Government and the insurance industry, is available to a wide range of eligible households in flood risk areas.
Climate change means that West Dorset faces a growing flood risk, with increasingly frequent heavy rainfall flooding fields, making roads impassable and turning villages like Stratton and Maiden Newton into islands.
Last year, 700 properties in my hometown of Bridport, including a school and a vital healthcare centre, were put at risk by flooding.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the necessary funding and resources are available for flood prevention and emergency response in rural constituencies like West Dorset, where large geographical areas can create additional challenges?
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is the lead Department for flooding in England and it stands up its emergency operations centre when a flood forecast or flooding incident justifies that.
This includes when flooding may exceed the capacity of local response networks to manage.
The EOC works in tandem with Government.
We have also set up the flood taskforce, which is looking at how we can deal with flooding in the future to make sure we can address issues like those in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have heard, last week we had the Second Reading of the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers)
Bill to modernise the Lords.
We have also delivered on our manifesto commitment to hold the first Council of the Nations and Regions.
We are working hard to deliver justice for the victims of the infected blood scandal.
We have published a written statement today on the implementation of the UK biological security strategy.
Finally, we have set out the position on the right balance of flexible working and time in the office for civil servants.
What plans does the Cabinet Office have to support small and medium-sized enterprises in building resilience to future economic shocks and crises, to ensure that they can continue to operate under difficult conditions?
Small businesses are the lifeblood of our economy.
Our agenda for growth will help small businesses.
We are determined to support them.
I assure my hon.
Friend that they are an important part of our resilience strategy and our resilience review.
Earlier this week, the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Ms Oppong-Asare)  met a range of businesses to discuss shared goals in respect of resilience and to ensure that they can have input into the strategy we are preparing.