This shows the importance of the issue to the Government.
The last time we were in office we reduced child poverty; it is an issue dear to our hearts.
That is why the strategy is coming forward and why Ministers are working hard on it.
We have been clear since we took office that while we want economic growth throughout the country, we also want the benefits to be felt by people in every part of the country and in every income group.
I am proud to be part of a mission-led Government, but mission-led government is not just about missions; it is about how the Government do that.
Does the Minister agree that it should be data-driven?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Here, in the spirit of the exchanges this week, I want to pay tribute to something the previous Government did, which was to improve the data operation at the heart of government.
That does help when the Government are forming policy.
We want to build on that and use data.
It is important that we modernise how government works.
The accurate use of data can help us to make better policy and that is what we want to do.
Almost 29,000 families in Scotland benefited from maternity   pay last year, worth over £200 million.
Does the Minister share my concern about suggestions from a Conservative party leadership candidate that it should be reduced?
I very much share my hon.
Friend’s concern.
In fact, the only economic policy we have had so far from the Conservative leadership contest has been the suggestion that we reduce maternity pay.
That will do nothing for families, nothing for mothers and children, and nothing for the good operation of our economy.
I hope they think twice about that suggestion.
Ahead of any Budget, there is always talk about tough decisions.
Could the Minister remind us why we are in this difficult position in the first place, and will he please update us on progress on clawing back covid fraud, where we saw taxpayers’ money being handed over to former Ministers’ mates?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We knew we would inherit a difficult position, but it was much more difficult than we thought when we came into office.
Anybody who objects to difficult decisions announced in the Budget next week should know where the responsibility for those lie: squarely on the shoulders of the Conservative party.
It falls to us to clean up the mess we have inherited from the Conservatives.
That you will hear more about when the Chancellor gets to her feet next week.
Over the last few years we have seen an increase in attacks by foreign Governments on UK cyber-security.
Will the Minister please update us on what steps his Department is taking to ensure our public services across the UK are fully protected?
This is vital work for the Government.
We have a combination of legacy systems with vulnerabilities and, of course, constant investment in new systems to ensure our public services can work in the most modern way.
It is really important that we guard against either foreign state interference or other malign actors who would try to disable institutions and disable public services through cyber-attacks.
That is an important part of resilience and an important part of protecting services for the public good.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell me what steps he is taking to keep Scotland at the heart of the Union and keep Ayrshire’s economy growing?
I believe that people in Scotland have tired of the politics of grievance and division.
They expect Governments, whatever their political colour, to work together to promote economic growth, get inward investment in, get good jobs for people and have good public services.
Would that not be a refreshing contrast to some of the division we have had in recent years?
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on support for children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities.
Every child deserves the opportunity to achieve and thrive, but at the moment far from every child is being given that chance.
Today’s report from the National Audit Office is, sadly, bang on the money: the system has totally lost the confidence of families.
Families and children with special educational needs are being failed, on every measure, and even shadow Ministers have admitted that they should hang their heads in shame at the failure to support them.
Our promise to families is that we are absolutely committed to regaining parents’ confidence in the special educational needs and disabilities system, but that will be a huge and complex reform.
There is no magic wand and no quick fix, so we continue to ask for patience as we work as quickly as we can to make the changes that I know families are crying out for.
There is light at the end of the tunnel.
Today we have published independently commissioned insight that suggests that if the system were extensively improved through early intervention and better resourcing in mainstream schools, the needs of tens of thousands more children and young people could be met without an education, health and care plan, and in a mainstream setting rather than a specialist placement.
That can pave the way for a sustainable system in which schools cater for all children, and special schools cater only for those with the most complex needs.
Our plans include strengthening accountability for mainstream settings to be inclusive, for instance through Ofsted, and helping the mainstream workforce to have SEND expertise.
It is clear that we need to work with the teachers, parents, children, therapists and councils who, for so long, have been trying but have been set up to fail by a broken system.
This work forms part of the Government’s opportunity mission, which will break the unfair link between background and opportunity and will start by giving every child, including children with special educational needs and disabilities, the best start in life.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
Today’s National Audit Office report confirms what parents, carers, children and young people across the country have been telling us for years: that our system to support those with special educational needs and disabilities is in crisis and on the brink.
The last Conservative Government’s abject failure to tackle the systemic problems facing SEND provision has been laid bare for all to see.
With half of children waiting longer than the statutory 20 weeks for an education, health and care plan, with outcomes not improving, with special schools over capacity and, damningly, with the Department for Education not knowing how much capacity is required to meet future need, we are failing our most vulnerable children.
Shockingly, 43% of councils are at risk of bankruptcy, given the deficits that they are racking up in their high- needs budget.
This is a nationwide issue.
Colleagues on both sides of the House have, like me, been inundated with casework from concerned and often desperate parents who just want to know that their children will receive the support they need without waiting for months or years.
The report makes clear the urgent need for whole-system reform, with joined-up thinking across local and national Government, the NHS and schools.
Will the Minister please give us a clear timeline for the full reform called for by the NAO?
Will she consider Liberal Democrat proposals for a new national body for SEND to support children with the most complex needs to tackle the postcode lottery?
What steps is she taking to incentivise early intervention, including training specialists for assessments and reducing the contributions that schools have to make before they can apply for an EHCP?
What is she doing to speed up the building of state special schools, given that local authorities are spending a staggering £2 billion on independent special schools?
Is she pressing the Chancellor for an urgent cash injection in next week’s Budget so that we can start cleaning up this mess?