Far too many families in my constituency have come to me in tears, not just at the lack of support for their children with SEND but at a system that seems set up to stop them  getting that support.
How many appeals are successful because they should have got through the first time around?
People feel they are being let down by the system, so will the Minister please ensure that our reformed system will not make families have to fight to get the support that their children so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is right: the system is letting down families and children, and creating a situation where not only are educational outcomes impacted by the poor response but too many families’ lives are affected by trying to deal with the system.
That is why we are determined to reform it.
The evidence shows very clearly that inclusive mainstream schools that meet demand will reduce the need for education, health and care plans, and the need for families to go through the process in the first place.
What additional resources will the Government provide to Worcestershire county council, given what will undoubtedly be the profound and devastating impact of the Government’s education tax?
The changes that we are looking to make to remove the exemptions for private schools will be used to fund more teachers in our state sector and create the inclusive mainstream education that we know every child deserves.
SEND provision in Conservative-run Norfolk has collapsed after years of adversarial mismanagement by the county council.
I welcome the steps that my hon.
Friend has taken so far.
Will she commit to recognising the value of co-production to ensure that SEND family voices are valued and money is spent wisely?
We are very clear that this reform is a journey that we want to go on with all those who support our children and families, whether that is teachers, school staff more broadly, education professionals, health professionals or local authorities.
Everybody wants this to work better, and we need to work together to achieve it.
Data for autumn 2023 and spring 2024 shows that more than a third of children with an EHC plan were persistently absent—more than double the rate for pupils without identified SEND.
Persistent absence is a very complex issue, and a multi-faceted approach is needed to tackle the problem.
In the light of this damning report from the National Audit Office, does the Minister agree that we cannot have parents facing prosecution for the failings of the system?
How will she work across Government to ensure that parents of children with SEND can be sure that their children will get the support that they need to attend school safely and receive the education that they deserve?
The Government have inherited an absence epidemic in this country.
Last year, one in five children were persistently absent from school, missing a day every fortnight or more.
We know that strong  foundations are rooted in attendance at school.
Children cannot receive an outstanding education that unlocks opportunities if they are not in school.
I recognise the challenge that the hon.
Lady has set out.
It is important that we work together to create an inclusive mainstream education system that every child wants to attend and feels they belong to, so that those opportunities are unlocked for them, as they should be for every child in this country.