The visit to that school in my hon.
Friend’s constituency was wonderful.
The school is one of many examples of the provision of inclusive mainstream education.
We need such provision to be in schools in every community and available to every child.
She rightly recognises the challenges of co-ordinating between health services and education provision, and the vital importance of those systems working together to achieve outcomes for children.
I will certainly take away her specific suggestion and share it with my colleagues in the Department for Health and Social Care.
Parents in my constituency are not interested in what the Minister thinks about the Conservative party.
They may recall that EHCPs were introduced under the coalition Government.
They want us to work together to make things better.
We all know that a problem with EHCPs has led to a tripling of costs for county councils.
In the Westminster Hall debate that the Minister took part in with me recently, she was much more constructive than she is being today, and I would like to believe that that is the approach that she wants to take to these issues.
Does she have a timescale for the reform of EHCPs?
I appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s comments, and I will always work cross-party with colleagues to achieve the best for all children in this country, but levelling the blame for the current situation at a Government only five months old cannot be accepted; the inheritance that we have taken on cannot be underestimated.
We will continue to work on putting right what has been failing for the past 14 years, and the Department for Education is moving at pace on work to that end.
We will make specific suggestions for legislative changes, and for any other necessary systemic changes, in due course.
Many concerned parents wrote to me at the start of term because they had finally been given a school place for their children with special educational needs but had no transport to get their child to and from school.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that we will take measures to  ensure that every child with special educational needs has a reliable and safe means of getting to and from school?
Transport to school is the responsibility of the local authority, and families need to work with their local authorities to ensure that they are not disadvantaged in getting their children to school by transport.
I appreciate that that is a challenge— our transport system, too, is in crisis after 14 years of Conservative Government—but we will continue to work across Government to ensure that all our public services meet the needs of families.
In the interim, my hon.
Friend’s constituents should work with the local authority to ensure that they get the transport they require for their children’s educational needs.
Zak is nine years old.
He is one of dozens of children in my constituency who have been failed by the SEND system.
Zak was traumatised by his experience in an inappropriate school setting, causing his learning to regress and both his parents to stop work.
Oxfordshire county council has an accumulated high needs deficit of £56 million because of inadequate funding, which has failed families such as Zak’s.
Has the Minister pressed the Treasury to increase that funding and maintain the statutory override in next week’s Budget?
The hon.
Gentleman tempts me into commentary on next week’s Budget, in which I cannot indulge him.
I speak both as a parent whose child was badly failed in SEND provision under the last Government, and as an MP whose surgeries have been visited on every single occasion by a parent who is struggling not just to get an EHCP but to get from a school the flexibility that matches their child’s need.
I say respectfully to Opposition Members—including the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for East Hampshire (Damian Hinds) —that until and unless you have walked in my shoes and the shoes of your constituents, you should show a little humility and decorum in how you respond on this issue.
In the review, will the Minister encourage schools to be more flexible in their SEND provision for children who need it?
Order.
I remind Members that when they say “you”, they mean me—and I do not want responsibility.
My hon.
Friend speaks with great passion and compassion on behalf of her constituents, and I agree with everything that she says.
I reiterate that what she outlines is the epitome of what we are seeking to achieve on inclusive mainstream education, so that it can meet the needs of the vast majority of children with special educational needs and disabilities in our country.