I turn to another area of national resilience.
National security experts have been warning about the Chinese Communist party’s use of genomics companies to harvest DNA data globally and dominate the genomics industry supply chain.
Given the increasing importance of genomics for public healthcare, and the potential dual-use application of the technology, will the Minister confirm whether her Department is conducting a risk assessment on the data privacy, national security and ethical risks posed by genomic companies linked to systemic competitors?
The right hon.
Member is right to raise that question.
We will ban China’s economic engagement, and make sure we strengthen our national security.[Official Report,  28 October 2024 ; Vol. 755, c. 8WC.]
(Correction)
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
Last week, the Infected Blood Compensation Authority issued a small number of invitations to begin testing a new claims service.
Furthermore, I can announce today that applications for interim payments to the estates of people whose death has not yet been recognised have now opened.
This is an important step in getting money into the hands of victims of the infected blood scandal.
My constituent Sharon Moore has been a fierce campaigner for victims of the infected blood scandal and their family members.
After decades of Government negligence, Sir Brian Langstaff was clear that the community of infected and affected people should be included to enact his inquiry recommendations.
However, the previous Government engaged in little to no communication with patients or organisations such as the Haemophilia Society and the Terrence Higgins Trust.
I am delighted that those recommendations are being enacted today, but could the Minister please tell us how he will be working with the Department of Health and Social Care and his colleagues in that Department to make sure that people get the compensation they deserve?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s constituent Sharon Moore for all her campaigning.
As I have said to the House, I have now given the instruction for interim payments to the estates of the deceased infected to open today, and I expect the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to make its first payments before the end of the year.
Subject to the House’s processes, I would hope that regulations for those who are affected—the second set of regulations—will be completed by the end of March next year, and I expect that payments to the affected to begin next year as well.
I am very pleased to hear that the Minister has opened applications for interim payments.
Will he elaborate on how those payments may be accessed, so that my constituents in Erewash can get their hands on them as fast as possible?
I invite all right hon.
and hon.
Members to go on the gov.uk website, which gives the details for the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
I urge people with an interest to register with the authority, which is already sending out newsletters.
However, right hon.
and hon.
Members are also very welcome to write to me at the Cabinet Office about specific cases.
I will of course look into those cases and ensure there is a response.