The Opposition support the new Government’s aspirations for the highest ministerial standards, and we acknowledge the significant experience that the Prime Minister’s former chief of staff can bring to her role as envoy to the nations and regions.
Why then, in breach of Cabinet Office guidance, have Ministers not published a word on her terms of reference, her new salary or her special adviser severance payment, and is she correct in her understanding that she is at the top of the list of new peers?
Anything in relation to the former chief of staff will be announced in due course.
It is not right for me to comment on the terms and conditions of any individual.
What steps he plans to take to strengthen the Union.
What progress he has made on resetting relations with the devolved Administrations.
This Government were elected to deliver for people throughout the United Kingdom, and whatever political differences we have in different parts of the UK, the public expect us to work together for the common good.
That is why we held the Council of the Nations and Regions recently in Edinburgh, which was focused on investment and good jobs across the country.
I am sure we all agree that local communities know what is best for their own affairs.
Will the Minister formalise the council of Ministers so that the Governments of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, along with regional leaders in England, can meet regularly to shape their communities?
The idea is that the Council of the Nations and Regions, which met in Edinburgh the other week, will meet twice a year.
However, I believe that these relationships are about more than formal meetings.
It is important, underneath the formalities, to establish as good and as normal a working relationship as we possibly can.
This new Labour Government have already outlined that they are going to invest in sectors vital to the economy of Dunfermline and Dollar, including renewables, defence and engineering.
That investment can only fully deliver if there is alignment with the Scottish Government to deliver the pipeline of skills needed for local people to fill those jobs, which is an agenda that the SNP has singularly failed to address in  17 years in power.
Will the Minister outline how this Labour Government will co-ordinate with and press the SNP to ensure that the opportunity of this investment is fully realised?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to stress investment.
Investment was the theme of the first meeting; it was also the theme of the investment summit held last week.
Through that, we were able to announce over £60 billion of inward investment to the United Kingdom.
This will benefit people in all parts of the country.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that to make the most of it we have to give people the skills to do the jobs this investment will bring.
What steps he is taking to reform the House of Lords.
As is set out in our manifesto, this Government are committed to reforming the House of Lords.
Our objective is to bring about a renewed focus on active contribution within a smaller House of Lords that better reflects the country it serves.
As an immediate first step in reform, the Government have introduced legislation within our first 100 days to remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the House of Lords.
It is extremely welcome that this House overwhelmingly supported the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers)
Bill.
The Lords must be more reflective of society.
Currently, it is not reflective of society or of regions like South Yorkshire and Sheffield.
Does the Minister agree that there should not be places in our Parliament that are reserved purely for those from certain families, as that only preserves the privilege of the aristocracy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The Conservative party seems to stand for few things currently, and it was astonishing that it decided that one of them is hereditary privilege in the House of Lords.