In the past two weeks, I have met two families whose children are suicidal, one of whom is nine years old.
The other one was committed to a secure unit for most of 2023.
The cause of their suicidal thoughts was their educational needs not being met by the education system.
Neither of those children have EHCPs.
Conservative-controlled West Sussex county council is completing only 9.4% of EHCPs within 20 weeks.
One block is the lack of educational psychologists.
Does the Minister agree that increasing the supply of educational psychologists is essential?
I am so sorry to hear about the cases the hon.
Lady raises.
She highlights very well the huge challenge that we face in addressing needs—in ensuring that we have not only the inclusive mainstream education system that every child should feel they belong in, and that provides the education they need, but the mental health support that we know is sadly lacking.
The waiting lists are too long for far too many children and families.
We are prioritising investment to ensure mental health support and educational psychologists are available in schools, because we know how important it is to get the right support in place to help the families and individuals affected, and to enable schools to address these needs.
After today’s shocking report, does the Minister agree with me that we need to rebuild the SEND system from the ground up?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This change needs to be delivered in conjunction with teachers, families, councils, educational psychologists and the health sector.
We need to work together to ensure support is available at every stage.
The system needs reform and significant change.
We cannot carry on as we are with this “lose, lose, lose” system, which is letting down far too many families.
Are the Government surging support to local authorities to help them process and complete EHCPs within the statutory timeframes?
My communities are seeing a significant increase in applications because of the decision to impose VAT on independent schools.
I have three SEND schools—[Interruption.]
Government Members may shout, but that is the reality my councils face.
I am asking for urgent support for those councils that have to deal with these increased numbers.
We have been clear about our manifesto commitment and our approach in Government.
Our priority is to ensure that we have the investment in our schools that we need in order to ensure that every child has the teaching and the school experience that they deserve.
We know that councils are facing significant  challenges processing applications and delivering for children with special educational needs after 14 years of a system that has let down families and children, and which the former Secretary of State for Education herself described as “lose, lose, lose.”
This is the legacy we are dealing with and the mess we are clearing up, but we are determined to do that for families and children who we know deserve better.
Sadly, today’s report confirms what many parents in my constituency of Leeds South West and Morley have been telling me since long before the election: the SEND system in this country is failing.
As a secondary school maths teacher, I know all too well that SEND provision is not up to scratch.
I have seen at first hand that, after 14 years of negligence by the Conservative party, parents and children have lost hope of ever seeing an improvement in the system, following the SEND crisis.
Does the Minister agree that although there is no silver bullet, we must improve the SEND system and give people hope that it will improve?
Order.
This urgent question will run until about 11.30 am, so if I am to get everyone in, we will have to speed up the questions and answers.
I want to take as many questions as possible, as this is a very important subject to all of us.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
It is understandable that a huge number of hon.
Members want to ask questions on this subject.
We have inherited an appalling legacy of failure on this front.
We have prioritised the issue and we are determined to fix it, but that will take time, as hon.
Members have recognised, but we are moving at pace to fix the broken system.
Parents and teachers in North Herefordshire tell me how concerned they are that special educational needs funding has stagnated for the last 10 years, while needs have increased.
I visited Westfield school in my constituency, which is in desperate need of capital investment.
It was allocated funding under the school rebuilding programme, but the implementation of that programme has been very slow.
Can the Minister assure me that she remains committed to the programme, that it is on track, and that she will amend the way that the funding system works to incentivise mainstream inclusion?
On the hon.
Lady’s final question, I can assure her that we are determined to prioritise mainstream inclusion, and to ensure that schools are supported.
We will have the framework in place to encourage, incentivise and support schools to do what we know will create the best outcomes for the vast majority of children in this country: inclusion in a mainstream system where they can thrive.
Given today’s report, and the shocking and devastating impact that the reality has on children, young people and their families, what message does the Minister have for the children and young people with SEND and their families in Portsmouth North?
We recognise how challenging this situation is for families who are not getting the support they need for special education needs or disabilities.
We know that the system is broken—the National Audit Office report lays it out bare.
We are determined to fix this; that is the message that I want to send.
Within five months of entering office, this Government will introduce VAT on independent schools, with all the impact that may have on the state sector.
How long will we have to wait for an actual plan for SEND children, rather than just political posturing around VAT?
The changes that we have set out and are determined to make all aim to improve the situation that we have inherited, after 14 years of neglect and decline under the previous Government.
I have set out at length all the changes that we seek to make through legislation—and the changes we have already made—to our education system to ensure an inclusive mainstream, and high and rising standards and opportunities for all.
Today’s report is damning but not surprising.
It is an indictment of the former Government and their 14 years of failure.
Even today, they shamelessly deflect and gaslight the very families whom they have failed.
Independent SEND provision is growing in Southampton Itchen and across the country.
Those places are needed, but councils are left at the mercy of market price and—often, when it comes to residential care—venture capitalists.
That is wrong.
Does the Minister agree that as part of whole-system reform we must return to basics, and that profiteering from SEND is the wrong approach?
Will she meet me and my constituents to hear what they want from this whole-system reform?
My hon.
Friend raises an important challenge that we are determined to address.
We want mainstream inclusive education in our state school system, which every child should have access to and thrive in.
However, we need specialist places for children with complex needs when that is the only place where their needs can be met, and a system that not only best serves the needs of children but is sustainable.
I will take away his comments, and that will be part of our thinking as we go ahead.
Other Members have asked about educational psychologists.
There is a real shortage right now.
Are the Government considering enabling other professionals to undertake some of the assessments to help unblock the waiting lists?