I offer the congratulations of Liberal Democrat Members to our hon.
Friend  the Member for Brecon, Radnor and Cwm Tawe (David Chadwick)  on the safe arrival of his baby son yesterday.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”
] I offer our very best wishes to David, Gemma and all the family.
I am sure the Government agree that support to provide opportunities for young people should be central to the policy of any Government.
We are glad to see the new Government working to build closer economic and cultural ties with Europe.
We want to forge a new partnership with our European neighbours, built on co-operation, not confrontation, and move to a new comprehensive agreement.
We must rebuild confidence by agreeing partnerships or associations, helping to restore prosperity and opportunities for British people.
Will the Minister consider the extension of the youth mobility scheme and acknowledge the breadth of ways in which it could strengthen our cultural, educational and economic links with Europe?
First, I add our congratulations to  the hon.
Member for Brecon, Radnor and Cwm Tawe (David Chadwick)  on the safe arrival of his new baby.
On the specific point that the hon.
Lady makes, we will not give a running commentary on the negotiations.
We will obviously consider EU proposals on a range of issues, but we are clear that we will not return to freedom of movement.
I remind the Front Benchers to look towards the Chair now and again, because sometimes I cannot hear what is being said, so that would help me, since Members are speaking through me in the third person.
I am trying to get the House to work how it should.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s five missions.
We were elected on a manifesto with five missions to rebuild Britain and turn the page on 14 years of decline under the Conservative party.
Those five missions offer real and tangible benefits to people living in every part of our country: higher living standards, cleaner energy, safer streets, longer and healthier lives, and a renewed confidence that the future will be better for our children.
I am delighted to report to the House that we have already begun the change that we set out in our national missions, making our economy stable, launching a new border security command, setting up Great British Energy and setting out ambitious plans for housing.
The excellent Ayrshire chamber of commerce is helping Ayrshire businesses to grow.
After 17 years of the Scottish National party failing business in Scotland, businesses in Ayrshire need that support, as well as this Government’s five missions.
Does the Minister agree that, to deliver the change that our country needs, we need a new way of doing politics, working in partnership with communities, business, civil society and trade unions?