Campus President Melissa Jackson, esteemed faculty, members of the class of 2024, family members, and distinguished guests, what an honor it is to be with you today.
I want to thank President Jackson and Dean Herlene Williams-Ancar for the opportunity to speak to such a remarkable group of men and women.
In my role as a U.S. Congressman, I serve as a senior Member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, as well as a member of the Caucus for Career and Technical Education, so I am especially grateful to be here with you today.
As a grateful father of four sons, I want to give a special greeting to all the families here today.
My wife Roxanne and I have had our fair share of graduations and know firsthand how proud you are of your husbands and wives, sons and daughters, and mothers and fathers.
What an exciting time for you.
We are here today to congratulate and celebrate the more than 70 members of this years' graduating class, who have put in countless hours of hard work to reach their goals.
What an esteemed group of students you are.
Your accomplishments speak for themselves, and you deserve recognition for all the hard work you have put in to reach this point.
You have sacrificed spending time with your families and given up most of your free time to push yourself and receive the certificate or diploma you are about to be awarded.
Each of you has a different story as to how you came to this precise moment.
Many of you may not have picked up a textbook in years, yet jumped back into becoming a student, all while managing the other aspects of your life.
Whether it be working full-time to provide for yourself and your family or trying your best to be a superstar parent or spouse, you were able to juggle all these responsibilities and receive a degree.
Just one of these tasks is a job all in its own, so the dedication to your studies should be celebrated and admired.
And your commitment to contributing to our workforce is admirable.
As you well know, Southeastern College is a unique and challenging place to learn.
The education you have received in the fields of Diagnostic Medical Sonography, Medical Assisting, Radiologic Technology, Surgical Technology, Cosmetology, and Professional Clinical Massage Therapy have prepared you for a new professional career ahead.
Because of the knowledge you have obtained during your time here, you are now the best equipped to assist within the profession you have chosen to benefit the lives of your neighbors and community.
I am sure the hours spent reading quietly alone in a library or surrounded by your noisy family at home have satisfied a thirst you all share for knowledge, and they will serve you as you head on to future endeavors.
Your accomplishments have allowed you to be far more knowledgeable and will set you apart from others applying for jobs within your field of choice.
In a National Teacher Appreciation Day Proclamation in 1988, former President Ronald Reagan stated that ``Education is a lifelong process that benefits individuals and entire communities and countries and helps lay the foundation of the future.''
Over the course of your life, you have learned countless lessons, many of which have been obtained through reading a textbook, and others from your personal experiences.