Mr.

Chartrand retired having achieved the rank of Chief Petty Officer.
Some

A-3 Skywarrior Aircraft.
During his more than twenty years of service,

he developed lifelong friendships with his fellow officers, and kept in

close contact with them throughout his life.
After retiring from the Navy, Mr. Chartrand moved to Hanford, where

he attended College of the Sequoias and earned his associate of arts

degree.
He was later hired by Sears, Roebuck and Co., and received

training in appliance repair in Los Angeles and Chicago.
After a long

career with the company, Mr. Chartrand started his own appliance repair

business in Hanford.
Mr. Chartrand was passionate about helping his

friends and family with their appliances and continued to lend a

helping hand in his retirement.
This past May, Mr. Chartrand and his

wife.
Velma, celebrated 36 years of marriage, Together, they devoted

themselves to their Christian faith.
Mr. Chartrand served on the

Diaconate for First Baptist Hanford in his later years.
He is

remembered by his loved ones and members of the Hanford community for

his kind spirit and compassion for everyone he crossed paths with.
to join me in honoring the incredible life of Mr. William Thomas

Chartrand.
His service to our country, commitment to his family, and

dedication to the Central Valley community will be felt for generations

to come.
My thoughts and prayers are with his family during this

difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SFC WILLIAM MONTGOMERY ON RECEIVING THE PURPLE HEART

HON.
LAUREN BOEBERT

Ms. BOEBERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Sergeant First Class

William Montgomery, a true American hero who has finally been awarded

the Purple Heart for injuries suffered in the line of duty in service

to our great country.
The price of freedom is not free, and I am

overjoyed that my office can help heroes like Sergeant First Class

Montgomery receive the recognition they so richly deserve.
Sergeant First Class Montgomery was born in Tucson, Arizona, and

graduated high school in Spring Creek, Nevada.
He enlisted in the U.S.

Army as a 19D Cavalry Scout and attended One Station Unit Training in

Fort Knox, Kentucky, graduating with honors.
His long and distinguished

military career includes deployments in Operations Enduring Freedom and

Iraqi Freedom, where he earned numerous awards and accolades including

the Bronze Star, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Army Commendation

Medal, the Valorous Unit Award, and the Iraq Campaign Medal with 3

Stars, reflecting his exceptional service to our country.
He has now

earned the Purple Heart, an award reserved only for those who are

wounded or killed in service to our nation.
In July of 2015, Sergeant

First Class Montgomery was medically discharged from the United States

Army and now resides in Colorado's Third District with his six

wonderful children: Rain, Porter, Lexington, Izabella, Kai, and Koda.
Mr. Speaker, Sergeant First Class Montgomery's service is a shining

example for all Americans.
His distinguished career has been marked

with selfless courage and an unwavering willingness to put everything

on the line for our nation and everything it stands for.
I urge all

Americans to join me in congratulating Sergeant First Class Montgomery

for receiving the Purple Heart and for being a beacon of American pride

and inspiration for Colorado's Third Congressional District and

America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 40TH PASTORAL ANNIVERSARY OF BISHOP DONALD HILLIARD,

JR.
HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with the congregation

of Cathedral International in honoring Bishop Donald Hilliard, Jr. on

his 40th Pastoral Anniversary.
Bishop Hilliard's dedication to faith

and community are truly deserving of this body's recognition.
As Senior Pastor of Cathedral International, Dr. Hilliard has ushered

immense expansion of the church.