2:45 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine Federal COVID-era spending

and preventing future fraud.
3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

Business meeting to consider S. Res.
444, providing for

the en bloc consideration of military nominations.
NOVEMBER 15

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine opportunities in industrial

decarbonization, focusing on delivering benefits for

the economy and the climate.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine United States leadership on

artificial intelligence in an era of strategic

competition.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Harry

Coker, Jr., of Kansas, to be National Cyber Director,

Jeff

Rezmovic, of Maryland, to be Chief Financial Officer,

Department of Homeland Security, and Suzanne Elizabeth

Summerlin, of Florida, to be General Counsel of the

Federal Labor Relations Authority.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine veteran entrepreneurship,

focusing on from service to small business success.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine aging Americans and a waning

workforce, focusing on demographic drivers of our

deficit.
TBA

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine VA's Fourth Mission, focusing

on supporting our nation's emergency preparedness and

response.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF DONALD JAMES KEEHAN UPON HIS INDUCTION INTO THE

OHIO VETERANS HALL OF FAME

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and remember the

life of a dedicated veteran upon his induction into the Ohio Veterans

Hall of Fame.
Donald James Keehan, who sadly passed away last year, has

been inducted posthumously after his years of service and contributions

to his community and Ohio.
Donald's leadership both in and out of uniform was exemplary, whether

it was through his service to our nation in the Korean War or as

founder and CEO of globally recognized Advanced Polymer Coatings.
His

work as an entrepreneur in the polymers and resins industry included

numerous patents and the development of multiple companies that

employed many Ohioans.
It was Donald's philanthropic work with youth and military families

that established him as a community leader when it came to support for

military families, military transition issues, and the broader

Northeast Ohio veterans' community.
He was instrumental in providing

housing for wounded warriors with his rental properties in northeast

Ohio.
He was also a tremendous mentor to both the professional business

community and to the youth of the area.
Passionate about philanthropy, Donald supported education by

providing more than one million dollars to St. Edward High School in

Lakewood, Ohio, where he served as a trustee, for students to study

innovative engineering and entrepreneurship.
He also supported and

helped grow Young Men's Chance for Change whose mission is to help

inner-city young men achieve better lives and opportunities.
Donald's life also revolved around his family.
He was married to his

wife, Arlene, for 63 years.
During that time, they raised six children

and became grandparents and then great-grandparents.
Mr. Speaker, I ask our colleagues to join me in paying special

tribute to the life and service of Donald James Keehan.
On behalf of

the people of the Fifth Congressional District of Ohio, I recognize the

devotion and compassion that Donald had for his family, community, and

Nation.
I applaud the special acknowledgment that accompanies his

induction into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame.