Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with the congregation

of Cathedral International in honoring Bishop Donald Hilliard, Jr. on

his 40th Pastoral Anniversary.
Bishop Hilliard's dedication to faith

and community are truly deserving of this body's recognition.
As Senior Pastor of Cathedral International, Dr. Hilliard has ushered

immense expansion of the church.
When Dr. Hilliard became Senior Pastor

at the age of 26, there were 125 congregants; today membership has

grown to 10,000 and serves the communities of Perth Amboy, Asbury Park,

and Plainfield.
His vision to embrace technology and add streaming

capabilities to the church not only allows the church to reach those

who are unable to worship in person, but also served the full

congregation during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Throughout his tenure, Dr. Hilliard has encouraged his congregants to

practice faith in action, serving the needs of people through several

worship and outreach ministries.
Likewise, the Cathedral Community

Development Corporation that Dr. Hilliard founded provides support and

services to uplift the local community.
His leadership has fostered

greater spirituality, fellowship, and community involvement of diverse

populations.
His contributions to the community have been recognized with several

awards and board positions, including the Drew University Martin Luther

King, Jr. Humanitarian Award, the National Conference for Community and

Justice Humanitarian Award, and the Perth Amboy Chamber of Commerce

Executive of the Year Award.
Additionally, he is a lifetime member of

the NAACP.
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in

congratulating Bishop Donald Hilliard, Jr. on his 40th Pastoral

Anniversary.
Dr. Hilliard continues to provide outstanding spiritual

leadership to the Perth Amboy, Asbury Park, and Plainfield communities

and his service is to be celebrated.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, November 9, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 14

10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine innovation in American

agriculture, focusing on leveraging technology and

artificial intelligence.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine oversight of financial

regulators, focusing on protecting Main Street not Wall

Street.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To receive a closed briefing on the current security

situation in the Middle East.
TBA

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine standing up against corporate

greed, focusing on how unions are improving the lives

of working families.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife

To hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities

to facilitate wildlife movement and improve migration

corridors.
Committee on Finance

Subcommittee on Health Care

To hold hearings to examine ensuring Medicare beneficiary

access, focusing on a path to telehealth permanency.
2:45 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine Federal COVID-era spending

and preventing future fraud.
3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

Business meeting to consider S. Res.
444, providing for

the en bloc consideration of military nominations.