Further, as evidence of

their true ministry partnership, Pastor Kelly and Daisy together

received their Bachelor of Religious Education from the United

Theological Bible College & Seminary in 1998, in Colorado Springs.
Pastor Kelly's life of ministry to pastors epitomizes the pastoral

epistles, ``I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I

have kept the faith: Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of

righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at

that day; and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His

appearing,'' (2 Tim.
4:7-8).
Rest in peace Christian Soldier; his duty

has ended.
He has fought the good fight.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING BLAIR OAKS VOLLEYBALL ON THEIR CLASS 3 STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating Blair Oaks High School on their

victory in Missouri's Class 3 Volleyball State Championship.
The team claimed the Class 3 title for the third straight year by

beating the Ursuline Bears in a tightly contested match.
After falling

behind early, Seniors Gabby Horn and Autumn Bax led the Lady Falcons to

an improbable comeback in the final three sets.
The team should be

commended for all their hard work throughout the past year and for

bringing home another state championship to their school and community.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Blair Oaks volleyball

team for a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RIVER ROCK OUTFITTER

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate April and Keith

Peterson and the River Rock Outfitter team on their hard-earned

nomination for the United States Chamber of Commerce's 2023 Top Small

Business award.
Located in Downtown Fredericksburg, River Rock Outfitter provides

apparel, gear, and guided outdoor experiences to customers while

bringing awareness to local recreational opportunities in the region.
River Rock Outfitters is committed to supporting access to recreation

and conservation efforts in the community and is widely known for its

friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Notably, over 70 percent of its staff

are women--actively challenging gender biases in the outdoor sector and

creating an inviting environment for women to explore the outdoors

through their programming, like their GirlsGO!
initiative.
In response to supply chain backlogs and an increased interest in the

outdoors during the pandemic, April and her team implemented the ``Re-

Boot with River Rock consignment program.''
This initiative expanded

River Rock Outfitter's reach to a national level, encouraged people

across the country to explore the outdoors, and promoted

sustainability.
April's contributions as an owner extend past River Rock Outfitter's

storefront--she has become a prominent fixture in the community as an

active member of the Fredericksburg Virginia Main Street, serving as

its president from 2020 to 2021.
She has also earned multiple accolades

from organizations such as the Rotary Foundation, Chesapeake

Conservancy, and Blue Ridge Outdoors, for her contributions to the

community and philanthropy.
River Rock Outfitter has embraced community, inclusivity and

representation, and sustainability throughout their journey.
These

attributes distinguish them as an outstanding small business, and

Fredericksburg is lucky to have them in our community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating River Rock

Outfitter, a finalist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's 2023 Top Small

Business award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
EARL BLUMENAUER

Mr. BLUMENAUER.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present for votes on November

2, 2023, I would have voted in the following manner: Roll Call No.
579

on the Crane Amendment No.
85, I would have voted No; Roll Call No.
580

on the Crane Amendment No.
86, I would have voted No: Roll Call No.
581

on the Fulcher Amendment No.
89, I would have voted No; Roll Call No.