86, I would have voted No: Roll Call No.
581

on the Fulcher Amendment No.
89, I would have voted No; Roll Call No.
582 on the Gosar Amendment No.
91, I would have voted No; Roll Call No.
583 on the Greene Amendment No.
94, I would have voted No; Roll Call

No.
584 on the McCormick Amendment No.
101, I would have voted No; Roll

Call No.
585 on the McCormick Amendment No.
102, I would have voted No;

Roll Call No.
586 on the Miller Amendment No.
103, I would have voted

No; Roll Call No.
587 on the Nehls Amendment No.
107, I would have

voted No; Roll Call No.
588 on the Norman Amendment No.
110, I would

have voted No; Roll Call No.
589 on the Norman Amendment No.
112, I

would have voted No; Roll Call No.
590 on the Norman Amendment No.
113,

I would have voted No; Roll Call No.
591 on the Norman Amendment No.
115, I would have voted No; and Roll Call No.
592 on the Ogles

Amendment No.
116, I would have voted No.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AMERICAN AMBULANCE ASSOCIATION STAR OF LIFE NOMINEE TOM

FENNELL

HON.
TOM EMMER

Mr. EMMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a first responder

in my district, Tom Fennell.
Tom has been nominated for the American

Ambulance Association's Star of Life Award; a prestigious recognition

given to those who have made exceptional contributions to the emergency

medical services (EMS) community.
Tom's journey into emergency medical services began in his childhood,

growing up with ambulances in his garage.
His father owned a local

ambulance service, instilling in Tom a deep appreciation for the

lifesaving work of EMS providers.
After leaving home, Tom continued to his involvement in EMS, working

with a Basic Life Support ambulance service which he helped evolve into

an Advanced Life Support service.
Tom's dedication and expertise were evident and he quickly became

recognized as a leader in the field.
He went on to serve as a regulator

for the State of Minnesota's EMS Section, gaining valuable insights

into the challenges faced by ambulance service providers across the

state.
Tom has made a profound impact on the emergency medical services

community in St. Cloud and across Minnesota.
He is an inspiration to

all those who have had the opportunity to work alongside him.
Throughout the years, we have been grateful to see many exceptional

Minnesotans honored as American Ambulance Association Star of Life

recipients.
America's first female Emergency Medical Technician and

Star of Life Recipient, Rose Pelzel, and her fellow Star of Life

recipient, Marcia Anderson, were both panelists in our office's Young

Women's Leadership Program.
Both women are pioneers in the emergency

medical services field, and we were lucky to have them participate.
Congratulations to Tom on joining these impressive ranks, and I thank

him for all his work on behalf of EMTs and first responders in

Minnesota.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
WILLIAM THOMAS CHARTRAND

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr.

William Thomas Chartrand, who tragically passed away on October 3,

2023.
at the age of 82.
Mr. Chartrand was born in Troy, New York to Ernest and Eva Chartrand.
He was the middle of five children.
From an early age, he learned the

values of hard work and perseverance, spending his youth working on a

farm in upstate New York.
Mr. Chartrand joined the U.S. Navy shortly

after high school, where he served as a jet engine mechanic.
Mr.

Chartrand retired having achieved the rank of Chief Petty Officer.
Some

A-3 Skywarrior Aircraft.
During his more than twenty years of service,

he developed lifelong friendships with his fellow officers, and kept in

close contact with them throughout his life.