Title: CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF MT.
ZION BAPTIST CHURCH; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
185

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF MT.
ZION BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
GREG CASAR

Mr. CASAR.
Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize Mt. Zion

Baptist Church on the celebration of its 150th anniversary this year.
Founded 1873 in Williamson Creek, this church soon faced its first

challenges.
Only 10 years after its founding, a flood destroyed the

church building.
Through resilience and faith, the congregation

worshipped and held services in their homes while their community

rebuilt what was lost.
In 1948, the old walls of Mt. Zion Williamson Creek were transported

and reinstalled at their new home in Austin, where it became Mt. Zion

Missionary Baptist Church.
Beginning in 1970, under the leadership of

the late Rev. Dr. G. V. Clark, the church experienced a large increase

in membership and expanded its facilities on and around East 13th

Street.
With a deep commitment to his faith and community, Dr. Clark

served the congregants of Mt. Zion for five decades.
Our whole

community is greatly indebted to him for a lifetime of service.
For over 150 years, Mt. Zion has been a pillar of East Austin.
Under

the current leadership of Reverend Dr. Daryl Horton, Mt. Zion continues

a tradition of commitment and service to our community through charity

and volunteerism, like housing the elderly, feeding children, and the

poor.
As the Congressman for the 35th District of Texas.
I am proud to

congratulate them on their 150 years of faithful service and dedication

to improving the lives of so many in Austin.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PASTOR RALPH E. KELLY, SR.
HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

legacy of Pastor Ralph

E. Kelly, Sr.
who was welcomed home with the Lord on December 21, 2022.
Pastor Kelly accepted the call of ministry in 1985 as the assistant

pastor at Good News Church of Christ Holiness U.S.A. in Pasadena, CA.
Six years later, God moved Pastor Kelly and his family to Colorado

Springs where he served at Focus on the Family for 23 years.
On September 6, 1992, Pastor Kelly and his family joined two other

families to establish Good News Church, initialing meeting in a small

room at New Hope Baptist Church.
Good News Church mission statement was

founded on Matthew 28; 18-20, ``Reaching families and our community

with the transforming power of Jesus Christ through Evangelism,

Education, and Exhortation.''
In addition to shepherding local congregations such as Good News

Church, Pastor Kelly served the Pikes Peak Region for over 23 years.
As

the Regional Manager of Pastoral Ministries in California and Colorado

under the leadership of H.B London Jr. Pastor Kelly graced and served

other pastors of every denomination and faith.
He provided

encouragement and counsel to countless pastors and their families.
Pastor Kelly and his wife, Daisy together raised four children:

Darnell, Nicole, Crystal, and Ralph, Jr. Their family heritage

continues with nine grandchildren: Amari, Jocelyn, Savannah, Kai'Lon,

McKenzie, Justice, Kennedy, Kai'Lynn and Brooklynn.
Pastor Kelly and

Daisy blessed the Colorado Springs community by living out the example

of how to bring your family up in the Lord.
Further, as evidence of

their true ministry partnership, Pastor Kelly and Daisy together

received their Bachelor of Religious Education from the United

Theological Bible College & Seminary in 1998, in Colorado Springs.
Pastor Kelly's life of ministry to pastors epitomizes the pastoral

epistles, ``I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I

have kept the faith: Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of

righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at

that day; and not to me only, but unto all them also that love His

appearing,'' (2 Tim.
4:7-8).