Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Sammia

Allen-Thomas for her outstanding achievements.
Her story is a testament

to the power of dedication, resilience, and community support.
As she

embarks on her journey at Mississippi Valley State University, we wish

her continued success and look forward to the positive impact she will

undoubtedly make in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 17TH PRESIDENT OF FLORIDA SOUTHERN COLLEGE, DR.
ANNE B.

KERR

HON.
SCOTT FRANKLIN

Mr. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr.

Anne B. Kerr, who recently retired from her role as the 17th president

of Florida Southern College.
Her dedication to academic excellence and

a quality campus life experience transformed Florida Southern into one

of the best liberal arts colleges in the South.
Dr. Kerr developed her interest in education during her psychology

studies at Mercer University.
She then earned a master's degree in

counseling and a doctorate in higher education administration from

Florida State University.
Prior to her tenure at Florida Southern, Dr.

Kerr held executive roles at Rollins College and the University of

Central Florida before serving as the University of Richmond's Vice

President for Institutional Advancement.
Dr. Kerr's 20-year tenure as Florida Southern College's 17th

president was the second-longest in the school's history.
Her steadfast

leadership yielded the college's highest enrollment numbers and

academic ranking.
The college became a top producer of Fulbright

Scholars in the Nation, a prestigious scholarship for students pursuing

studies abroad.
To house Florida Southern's monumental growth, the

college added 22 new buildings, expanded 20 others and restored many of

the famed Frank Lloyd Wright buildings.
Dr. Kerr also helped expand Florida Southern's academic offerings by

adding 19 new graduate degree programs, including the Barney Barnett

School of Business and Economics, the first named school on campus.
Other new programs were added in accounting, education, nursing and

physical therapy.
On the eve of her retirement, she also announced the

emergence of a new undergraduate architecture program, with a graduate

program to follow in 2028.
Dr. Kerr declared at the start of her tenure she wanted FSC to be

``recognized as one of the nation's small, preeminent colleges.''
It is

safe to say she exceeded her vision.
Dr. Kerr's success was driven by

her faith and the fulfillment brought by seeing her students achieve

their dreams.
We are lucky she intends to continue to inspire future

generations, returning to Florida Southern in Spring 2025 to teach a

leadership course in the Barnett School of Business.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Kerr's accomplishments and passion for students is

an inspiration to us all.
I urge my colleagues to join me in wishing

her an enjoyable and well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF JEFFERSON HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
VERONICA ESCOBAR

Ms. ESCOBAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and celebrate the 75th

anniversary of Jefferson High School.
Established in 1949, under the leadership of its first principal, Mr.

J.M. Whitaker.
Jefferson High School has been the institution that has

provided an excellent education to generations of students from the

South-Central community.
Better known as the `Silver Foxes,' students

and alumni proudly represent Jefferson all throughout El Paso, the

country, and the world.
From Ricardo Samaniego, our El Paso County

Judge, Alberto Almanza, an Olympian who competed in 1960 and 1964, and

numerous of veterans and servicemembers who have served in all branches

of the military in pursuit of liberty and justice.
Jefferson has a

saying `once a fox, always a fox'--and Jefferson students and alumni

are always proud of their community and where they come from.
I would also like to recognize all the teachers, faculty, and staff

of students, empower them to become productive citizens, and leaders in

their communities.