Title: CELEBRATING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF CONGREGATION BETH ISRAEL IN HONESDALE, PENNSYLVANIA; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
140

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF CONGREGATION BETH ISRAEL IN

HONESDALE, PENNSYLVANIA

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize a remarkable and

historic milestone for a cherished institution in the Eighth

Congressional District of Pennsylvania: the 75th Anniversary of

Congregation Beth Israel.
Located in Honesdale, a picturesque borough

nestled in the hills of Northeastern Pennsylvania, Congregation Beth

Israel holds the esteemed title of being the oldest continually

operating synagogue in America still in its original building.
In September of 1849, amidst the backdrop of thousands moving

westward in search of new opportunities, eleven pioneering men gathered

in a modest home on Main Street in Honesdale.
In the flickering light

of kerosene lamps, they made a commitment that would profoundly shape

our community.
They pledged to form a Jewish congregation to serve the

members of the Jewish faith, laying the foundation for what would

become a beacon of faith and perseverance.
By 1856, these visionaries celebrated the first services held in

their new building on Court Street.
This structure has withstood the

test of time, continuing to serve as a spiritual home for generations.
It truly is a testament to the resilience and dedication of the Jewish

community in Honesdale.
Today, Congregation Beth Israel remains a living symbol of

Northeastern Pennsylvania's rich heritage and bright future.
Exemplifying this fact are the descendants of three of the

congregation's original eleven families, who continue to play an active

role in the synagogue's life and mission.
As we mark this 175th Anniversary, we celebrate not just a historical

milestone but the vibrant, enduring spirit of Congregation Beth Israel.
The synagogue is not only a cornerstone of our community's religious

life but also a living testament to the dedication and faith of its

members.
The echoes of prayers and songs that fill the pews today are a

reminder of the deep roots and unwavering commitment of this

congregation.
It is with great pride and admiration that I recognize Congregation

Beth Israel's 175 years of contributing to our community and to the

broader American tapestry of religious and cultural diversity.
The

history and ongoing vitality of this institution serve as a powerful

reminder of the strength and unity found in faith and community.
I extend my heartfelt congratulations to Congregation Beth Israel on

this historic anniversary.
I thank them for all they have done and

continue to do for the Jewish community of Pennsylvania's Eighth

Congressional District.
May their congregation continue to thrive and

inspire for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING GENRIETTA CHURBANOVA

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Genrietta

Churbanova, a Little Rock native.
Genrietta was named Princeton's 2024 valedictorian, not solely for

ranking the top of her class, but embodying the absolute best Princeton

has to offer.
Joao Biehl, Chairman of Princeton's anthropology department, agrees

that she is the most exceptional student that has come through his

department in the last two decades.
Genrietta was also named as Schwarzman Scholar for 2024, which is

awarded to those who want to deepen their understanding about China's

political, business, and technological impact on the rest of the world.
Genrietta stated that growing up in Arkansas kept her grounded and

helped enable her to go far and achieve her goals.
I am proud to call Genrietta an Arkansan.
Her accomplishments and

drive have made her more than deserving of this honor, and I am eager

to watch her journey in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAVID PEYTON

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.