Additionally, Calvin

was a key player in establishing the Columbus Central Veterinary

Hospital and served 20 years as their Medical Director, in addition to

his service as a diplomat with the American Board of Veterinary

Practitioners.
His devotion to ensuring the beloved pets of families

were taken care of was an inspiration to all those who knew him.
Outside his professional work, Calvin was an active member of his

community.
Having served on the Northern Burlington High School Board

of Education and as scoutmaster for Troop 55 in Crosswicks, Calvin

received the Father of the Year Award in Chesterfield, New Jersey.
In

addition to all those contributions, he was also a radio operator for

Mercer County Emergency Service, a member of the Rutgers Oral History

Society, the Base Commander of the New Jersey South Submarine Veterans,

and Honorary Life Member of the USS Razorback Association.
I commend

him for his deep roots in our community, and for his desire to uplift

youth, veterans, and all of his neighbors.
Calvin was, at his core, a loving husband to June Ann Moon.
In their

76 years of marriage, the Moons had four children, seven grandchildren,

and now five great-grandchildren.
While many community members locally know Calvin and his positive

impact in our community, today I'm proud to honor his tenure as a

veteran of the United States Navy, a valued member of our community,

and as a husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather.
We are

fortunate to be able to carry on his legacy of service and to have his

life's work as inspiration in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
MARIE DAVIS

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable servant, Dr. Marie Davis.
Dr. Marie Davis was born in Natchez, MS, 68 years ago and she

currently resides in Chesapeake, Virginia.
Her reflection of all the

beautiful smiles of her hometown people prompt her to be a change in

her hometown people lives.
Dr. Davis presided over many community projects such as being a

sponsor for the drive thru turkey and trimmings, donation of household

supplies, hygiene products, and the ham and eggs Easter giveaways.
During the year 2023, a storm swept through Natchez and Dr. Davis was

informed that some homes were without electricity for days, homes had

busted pipes, and inoperable hot water heaters.
Dr. Davis sent a

generous donation to the Salvation Army and AJFC agency.
Dr. Davis' love for the seniors continues to radiate her heart so she

connected with a longtime friend and ex coworker Alfredia Knight,

together they made plans to take the elderly out to eat numerous times.
Dr. Davis sponsored haircuts, shaves, and other requested needs.
During a holiday visit to Natchez in December, she met with her friend

Diane Good, the owner of a Performing Arts Center.
During this visit,

Dr. Davis purchased all the string and wind instruments, equipment, and

decor for the center.
Inspired by a vision, she connected with

Jacqueline Marsaw and her group of grieving mothers and fathers,

treating them to dinner and providing donations and gift cards to the

members.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Marie

Davis for her actions and achievements in the Natchez, MS community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GERALDINE GRAMMER

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

tenacious and self-motivated leader, Mrs. Geraldine Grammer.
Mrs.

Grammer has been a champion of education and community service, and

dedication to Bolivar County, surrounding counties and the State of

Mississippi.
Mrs. Grammer is a retired educator and had redirected her life to one

of service in helping people everywhere.
She is a resident of Shelby,

Mississippi, and president of the Alcorn Bolivar County Alumni Chapter

of Alcorn State University.