Often, they arrive at

scenes of great adversity and trauma, to which they reliably bring

strength and composure.
These brave men and women spend hundreds of

hours in training so that they are prepared when they get ``the call.''
Twelve years ago, I established the 16th District Congressional Fire

and Rescue and EMS Awards to honor officers, departments, and units for

outstanding achievement.
On behalf of the people of Florida's 16th

District, it is my privilege to congratulate the following honorees,

who were selected this year by an independent committee comprised of a

cross section of current and retired fire and rescue personnel living

in the district: Associate Service Award: Private Citizen Jake O'Brien

of Hillsborough County Dedication and Professionalism Award: Senior

Telecommunicator Lisa Kalmbach of the Manatee County Emergency

Communications Center, Deputy Chief Jose Prado, Captain David Raasch,

Company Fire Captain Andrew Capeletti, Fire Captain Nico DiNova, Fire

Inspector Ryan Gould, Battalion Chief Jeffrey Landis and Captain Scott

VanDeBoe of Hillsborough County Fire Rescue Unit Citation Award:

Captain Rondalfo Rodriguez and Driver/Engineer Jose Obradovich of

Hillsborough County Fire Rescue Battalion 6-C, Charge Paramedic James

Bryant, EMT Monica Ramos, and District Chief Robin Thayer of Manatee

County EMS, Fire Chief Tim Geer, Lieutenant Lionel Harrison, Engineer

Louis Chiocchio, Engineer Jacob Barwick, EMT Thomas Ferrett, EMT Jared

Gould; and Firefighter Bo Gurskis of the Bradenton Fire Department,

Fire Chief Joe Sicking, Assistant Chief Joel Baker, Battalion Chief

Blair Pontious, Captain Donald Bunch, Captain Ben Miller, Engineer

Justin White, Engineer Michael Davila, Firefighter John Mueller, and

Robert Barber (Logistics) of the North River Fire District, Division

Chief Michael Williamson, Lieutenant Payton Edwards, Firefighter James

Howard, Firefighter Aaron White, and Firefighter Liz Alvarez of the

Parrish Fire District, Deputy Chief Paul Wren, Lieutenant Adam

McDaniel, Firefighter Isaac Libby, and Firefighter Connor Reilly of

East Manatee Fire Rescue, Chief Angel Herrera, Chief Jeffrey Landis,

Captain Jeffrey Hartner, Captain Pete Dzuibinski, Driver/Engineer

Freddy Miller, Driver/Engineer Stan Hyatt, Driver/Engineer Jerome

Mancillas, Lieutenant Eric Kotala, Fire Medic John Maltby, Fire Medic

Lucas Haislop, Fire Medic Vinny Mortellero, Fire Medic Matthew Holubik,

Fire Medic Adam Hayward, Fire Medic Scott Shedd, Firefighter Angel

Rengifo, Firefighter Jared Ladd of Hillsborough County Fire Rescue,

Pilot Alex Myers, Flight Nurse Caitlyn Buell, and Flight Paramedic Kyle

Miller of Aeromed Career Service Award: Assistant Chief Jane Herdn of

the Longboat Key Fire Department, Chief (retired) Edward Cleveland and

Fire Commissioner Derrick Warner of the West Manatee Fire and Rescue

District, and Jimmie Hamrick, Jr. of Manatee County EMS.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING BENTLEY HIGH SCHOOL

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, I want to recognize Bentley High

School, Livonia's first public high school.
While the building no

longer exists in its physical form, its space holds many special

memories for many of the 12th Congressional District residents and

alumni.
Livonia Township experienced population growth in the 1940s, which

drove home the need for its own public high school.
Before then, its

school-aged population was served by seven small school districts

without a high school.
With the people's approval, construction of the

new high school began on November 8, 1946.
The school was named for

school board president George N. Bentley, and it hosted its first

classes on September 15, 1947, in spite of ongoing construction.
Ninety-five students comprised the school's first graduating class on

June 15, 1950, just a few weeks after Livonia was incorporated as a

city.
Over the ensuing years, Bentley High School was expanded multiple

times to accommodate the changing needs of a growing student body.
The

school proudly boasted an extensive library, wood shop, auto shop,

swimming pool, and music rooms.
Due to declining population, Bentley

High School was closed in 1984, though it lived on a community center

until 1999.