As the Secretary of State knows, my constituency of North Herefordshire is very seriously affected by water pollution in the Lugg and the Wye.
I confess that I am disappointed that, in both his answers to  the hon.
Member for Monmouthshire (Catherine Fookes) , he did not mention agricultural pollution at all.
That is despite the fact that agriculture is the main source of water pollution in the country, as is shown in the report of the Independent Water Commission, which unfortunately was not allowed to look into it in any detail.
I pay tribute to River Action, which this week won a court case forcing planning authorities to consider the cumulative impact of industrial agricultural development, and to Greenpeace, which last week pointed out the impact of toxic sewage sludge.
Will he confirm whether he is updating the farming rules for water?
Given that he has cut the budget of the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs— Order.
I am sorry, but we are over time as it is.
The hon.
Member will be aware that we are supporting work in the Wye catchment area to deal with those problems, but she is quite right in what she says.
The environmental land management schemes support farmers to reduce agricultural run-off.
We are making the announcement that she just mentioned today, and we are also supporting the ELM schemes, which help farmers to improve their soil quality so that the soil holds more water, and to use less fertiliser and pesticides, which reduces the amount of run-off.
Therefore, we are taking action on agricultural pollution, and the announcement that she asked for is being made today.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last week, the Minister for Water and Flooding and I attended the United Nations ocean conference in Nice.
We announced that the Government will introduce a Bill by the end of the year to ratify the high seas treaty, delivering on our commitment to protect 30% of the ocean by 2030.
This agreement will provide the first legal mechanism to create protected areas in international waters.
The UK reiterated our commitment to agreeing an ambitious plastic pollution treaty in Geneva this coming August, and we have outlined our plans to ban bottom trawling across more of our English seas in marine protected areas.
These measures will protect sensitive seabed habitats and important species from the destruction caused by this damaging practice.
The Beddington energy recovery facility has an outstanding request to increase its annual permit tonnage to 382,000 tonnes from the originally approved 300,000 tonnes when planning was approved.
I know the Secretary of State is familiar with this, as the facility is a mere 100 metres from his constituency.
May I ask him whether the Environment Agency will listen to local residents, including his own, and to councils across Sutton, Merton, Croydon and Kingston and refuse the permit expansion, as sufficient incinerator capacity already exists in London?
As the hon.
Member says, I do know of this situation because the facility is adjacent to my constituency as well.
He will know that I cannot comment on what the Environment Agency is intending to do, because it is its decision.
None the less, I certainly agree with him that the EA must listen to constituents and people living in the local area who will be affected by this decision.
Whether it is cheap vapes littering our parks and town centres, or fly-tipping blocking country lanes in Norton Canes, my constituents are rightly fed up with waste crime.
My local council has had to deal with 1,500 instances of fly-tipping in the past three years, and it is all too often paid for by taxpayers, not criminals.
Will the Minister tell us what the Government are doing to get tough on waste crime?
We have announced plans to tighten up the regulation of those who transport and manage waste, moving them from a light-touch regime into a permitted system, which gives the Environment Agency a greater range of powers.
It will also introduce the possibility of up to five years in prison for those who breach the new laws.