It is a pleasure to cover for the shadow Secretary of State, who is speaking to farmers at the 140th Lincolnshire Agricultural Show.
Having visited many such shows myself, including North Sheep 2025 and Cereals 2025 just last week, may I say how disappointed I am by the Secretary of State’s lack of attendance at these crucial farming events?
At a time when our farmers are going through some of the most extraordinary pressures in a generation, we have now learned that this Government have chosen to slash the farming budget.
To make matters worse, Ministers have spent the past week trying to sell cuts of more than £100 million a year in real terms as a historic deal for farmers.
If the Secretary of State has secured such a historic deal for his Department, where does DEFRA rank compared with others in terms of cuts in the spending review?
First, I remind the hon.
Gentleman that I attended the Royal Cornwall Show with him just a few days ago.
I am surprised he has forgotten that, because we sat together in the same tent and enjoyed a very pleasant lunch.
I do not know what is wrong with his memory, but anyway.
The funding for ELM schemes paid to farmers will increase from £800 million in the last year of the Tory Government to £2 billion by 2028-29—that is a 150% increase under Labour compared with what the Tories were paying.
No wonder the hon.
Gentleman is so angry.
It is a shame that the Secretary of State did not do any media at the Royal Cornwall Show and pulled out of speaking events.
I can tell him that DEFRA is ranked the third biggest loser of any Government Department in the spending review, and that is his failure.
In reality, we are now looking at cuts to the farming budget of about 20% in real terms over the next three years, at a time when farmers need more support and certainty than ever.
It gets worse: we now hear that the Government have issued further statutory guidance on farming rules for water, with more to follow, effectively aiming to ban— Order.
I have to try to get the other shadow Minister in.
You went too low down the Order Paper—this is topical questions, not a full statement.
I hope you are about to finish.
This is effectively going to ban the spraying of organic manures in the coming months.
Is the Secretary of State categorically ruling that out?
I am happy to send the shadow Minister the list of media coverage I got from the Royal Cornwall Show.
He does not seem to be any better at googling than remembering who he sat down with at lunch.
I am delighted that the spending review was welcomed by the environmental NGOs and the National Farmers Union as it funds activities that include the ones he referred to.
It seems that everyone is delighted with the review apart from him.
Residents of Thornton-Cleveleys in my constituency are being warned not to eat food grown in their own gardens because a local site is being investigated after testing found high concentrations around it of a banned substance called perfluorooctanoic acid, which has proven to be carcinogenic, and there have been discharges into the protected River Wyre.
This is affecting hundreds of residents in the area, and there are fears of contamination to water and locally grown food.
What steps will the Minister take to address this problem under the current regulations to ensure that constituents like mine are protected?