A constituent of mine, Yvonne, has led a brilliant community blister pack recycling initiative in Tattenhall.
Through her efforts, the project has picked up pace and is now expanding to other villages including Tarporley, Farndon and Malpas.
Hopefully it will get to Chester in the near future.
Blister packs made of plastic and aluminium contain valuable materials but are not routinely recycled.
The project highlights what local action can achieve and where national systems fall short.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on improving recycling for hard-to-recycle items?
I join the hon.
Lady in thanking Yvonne and all the volunteers for what sounds like a really good campaign.
I did not realise that blister packs are so  recyclable, and it is so important that people do so.
In bringing that to the House today, she has shared that with everybody else, and I am sure the campaign will go from strength to strength.
In the UK, 2.9 million disabled women are of reproductive age.
Tragically, disabled women are 44% more likely to have a stillbirth.
As a disabled mother myself, I was devastated by the barriers that I faced at every point during my pregnancy.
It was a pleasure to host Paralympians, disabled women and experts by experience at a summit here in Parliament to discuss what good, inclusive maternity care looks like.
Can the Leader of the House advise on further opportunities to embed safer maternity care for disabled women in the Government’s women’s health strategy as part of the 10-year plan?
I have heard my hon.
Friend speak very powerfully about these issues before, and we are always shocked at the stories that people such as her and others describe.
The Government will be bringing forward a new maternity services strategy very shortly, and I will ensure that she has the opportunity to question Ministers.
On  28 June 1986 , my constituent developed symptoms of ME, and he has lived with those same symptoms for 40 years, and the NHS remains unable to offer any meaningful intervention.
Those who have lived with ME for decades—some bed-bound and in darkness—feel that no one in authority notices or cares.
In 2022, the then Health Secretary started work on a delivery plan for ME, which finally offered hope.
This Government promised the final delivery plan at the end of March and then put it off until the end of June, which is only seven parliamentary days away.
Can the Leader of the House reassure the 1.3 million people living with ME and ME-related symptoms that they will not have to wait longer than the end of June for the Government commitment to address this huge intergenerational injustice?