This month, the National Audit Office’s “Resilience to animal diseases” report laid bare the startling reality about our biosecurity, stating: “Defra and APHA would struggle to manage a more severe outbreak or concurrent serious outbreaks”, and the risk of site failure at the APHA site at Weybridge is at its maximum rating.
As I have raised 16 times in this Parliament, a fully funded and urgent rebuild of APHA in Weybridge is critical.
It got no mention at all by the Chancellor in the spending review; it merely has repeated partial funding from the Department.
When will the Government wake up, get a grip, and press on with this vital project as soon as possible, before disaster strikes?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that I take this issue very seriously.
I gently point out to him that this exact situation was pointed out by the National Audit Office during the last Parliament.
The previous Government had 14 years to get the principles in place, so I will not take any lessons from the Conservatives.
I can tell him that we have a £208 million investment this year; that is what was asked for.
I can assure him that there will be funds in future, because we take biosecurity very seriously.
What steps he is taking to help restore chalk streams.
Chalk streams are not only a beautiful and iconic part of our precious natural landscape; they are symbols of our national heritage.
The protection and restoration of our cherished chalk streams is a core ambition in our overall programme of reform to the water sector.
I am grateful to the Minister for her response.
In Hampshire, we are blessed with several rare and irreplaceable chalk streams, including the River Loddon, the River Itchen and the River Test.
The Minister will be aware of the campaigns to secure greater protection for these irreplaceable habitats, including during the passage of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, and I pay tribute to the Hampshire & Isle of Wight Wildlife Trust, Greener Basingstoke, and Natural Basingstoke for all their work.
Can the Minister confirm that this Government are committed to the protection of chalk streams, and set out what further steps they will take to restore these precious habitats?
My hon.
Friend is quite right: chalk streams are a source of beauty and national pride.
Just a few weeks ago, I had the privilege of visiting a chalk stream restoration project with Charles Rangeley-Wilson, who is a passionate campaigner for chalk streams.
Under this Labour Government, water companies will spend more than £2 billion to deliver over 1,000 actions for chalk stream restoration, and will reduce their abstraction from chalk streams by 126 million litres per day.
The River Chess in Rickmansworth is one of the chalk streams that goes through my constituency.
The volunteers at the Rickmansworth Waterways Trust are keeping our canal heritage alive, despite funding for the Canal & River Trust being cut.
I believe the cut is short-sighted, because these waterways tackle water shortages, boost  biodiversity and protect 2,500 miles of national assets for a modest cost.
Will the Minister rethink the funding cuts and back the Fund Britain’s Waterways campaign, so that local champions like David Montague and his team at Batchworth lock are not left to sink or swim on their own?
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right to say how important volunteers are in supporting our natural environment up and down the country.
He will be aware that the decision to reduce the funding for the Canal & River Trust was taken by the previous Government, and that was extended under this Government.
There will be a tapering off of some of the funding, but we continue to support water projects up and down the country.
As I have already mentioned, the changes that we are introducing for water companies will help to protect not only our beautiful chalk streams, but all our rivers, lakes and seas.
What steps he is taking to ensure that nature-friendly farming funding schemes are accessible.
On  11 June , we committed to the largest ever investment in nature.
Funding for the environmental land management schemes will increase to £2 billion per annum by 2028-29, and we now have more farmers than ever in nature-friendly farming schemes, which we should all be pleased about.
We are reforming the sustainable farming incentive to target funds fairly and effectively, and to ensure that, in those schemes, the user experience is absolutely prioritised.
Farmers in my constituency of Frome and East Somerset have had to deal with constantly changing information regarding the sustainable farming incentive.
We welcome the news that the Government have allowed those who started their application between January and March to submit it now, but when it comes to sustainable farming and nature recovery, what support is in place for those who have not submitted or started their application?
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that we inherited a scheme that did not have proper budgetary controls.
Once the money was spent, none was available to people who had yet to come into the scheme.
We have dealt with the administrative problem of those who had expected to benefit when they applied.
We are planning to make an announcement in the next few weeks, in which we will explain the future scheme for people who are interested.
We very much want to get more people in.