Lord Don Curry’s recent report on a sustainable farming model for the future was sent to the Secretary of State earlier this month.
Have the Secretary of State and the Minister read it yet?
Do they agree with me and Lord Curry that the UK is in a dangerously precarious position, given that we produce domestically only 55% of the food we need, and that we are therefore not food secure  and need an urgent plan for food security?
Will he meet me and the noble Lord to examine this industry-wide report, and start the process of putting Britain on the path to food security?
I think the hon.
Gentleman knows me well enough to know that when a report from Lord Curry arrives in my inbox, I read it.
I did so, with great interest.
I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we are not food secure—the food security report produced at the end of last year explained this very carefully—but I am always willing and happy to discuss these issues with him and Lord Curry.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the closure of the fruit and vegetables aid scheme on fruit and vegetable growers.
The fruit and vegetables aid scheme is an EU legacy scheme, and it closes in England on  1 January 2026 .
It is available only via producer organisations —that was an EU requirement—and only 20% of growers are benefiting from it; 80% get no benefit.
All growers will continue to benefit from the farming innovation programme’s £63 million of grants, and the five-year extension to the seasonal workers visa scheme that we have announced.
In my constituency, I have Busby, the biggest strawberry and raspberry farm in Leicestershire.
It uses the fruit and vegetables aid scheme, which is due to run out at the end of 2025, in order to invest and innovate.
The Government have been in power for one year; they wrote to me in May, saying they had “plans to simplify and rationalise agriculture grants”, but we have six months to go before the scheme ends, and Busby still does not know what its future funding will look like.
What is replacing the scheme, so that Busby can carry on growing the finest strawberries and raspberries in Leicestershire?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to praise our fruit-growing sector.
It has been known for a long time that this scheme is coming to an end, and I am afraid the truth is that it did not provide very good value for money.
We will replace it as part of our new food strategy, and announcements on that will be coming down the line.
However, I am slightly surprised to hear that he is so keen to preserve an EU-based scheme.
Who knew that there were Opposition Members still hankering to be in the EU?
If he will make it his policy to redistribute fines levied against water companies since November 2023 to the water restoration fund.
This Labour Government have launched the largest ever crackdown against poorly behaving water companies.
As part of  this operation, Ofwat has hit Thames Water with a £100 million fine, which is the biggest in British history.
I am delighted to confirm today that fines collected by regulators will be directly invested in projects, led by communities up and down the country, to clean up our rivers, lakes and seas.