Nine of our European allies have written to Strasbourg, requesting a reset of the European convention on human rights to allow national Parliaments to remove foreign offenders who threaten public safety.
Britain’s signature is missing.
In fact, we were not even asked to join.
Unfortunately, that says everything about the way in which this Government are viewed by others.
Can the Solicitor General confirm whether the Government will now back that initiative, or will they leave it to others to defend the primacy of democratic lawmaking?
As the Lord Chancellor made very clear yesterday, the UK remains committed to the ECHR, but it is absolutely right that as the challenges facing modern democracies evolve, so must international law and, indeed, domestic interpretation of that law.
This Government are taking a serious, considered and responsible approach, and we have a history of engaging constructively with the Court.
According to press reports, Qari Abdul Rauf, a convicted ringleader of the Rochdale child rape gang, is still living in the town.
That is nearly 10 years after a judge ordered his deportation.
Repeated appeals under article 8 of the ECHR—the right to family life —have blocked his removal.
What action are the Government taking to stop criminals abusing article 8 to defeat Parliament’s clear intention to deport them?
If you come to this country, you play by our rules.
That is why since we came into office, we have been taking action to ensure that foreign offenders can be deported at the earliest opportunity.
In the period since we have been in office, we have deported nearly 30,000 foreign criminals and failed asylum seekers.
That is the highest rate of returns for more than half a decade.
It is the right thing to do, it will save prison capacity, and it will save taxpayers’ money.
If she will take steps to reduce the number of prosecutions brought for non-violent drug-related offences.
In its recent report, the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs highlighted the Government’s safer streets mission as a key vehicle to address the connection between drug use and criminality.
The Government’s flagship Crime and Policing Bill will expand police powers to conduct more drug tests on more suspects upon arrest, which will help to direct more drug users into treatment and away from illegal drug use.
As drug-related deaths are now at record levels, particularly because of the increase in synthetic opioids, I believe that we need to look again at supervised drug-consumption facilities, which are an evidence-based intervention that could save lives and public spending.
Both the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs and the Health and Social Care Committee support the idea.
Will the Solicitor General consider facilitating a legal mechanism here, as in Scotland under the  Lord Advocate, to enable local health and police authorities that wish to pilot such facilities to establish their efficacy to do so?
It is absolutely right that we ensure that those who fall into drug addiction are able to access adequate support, services and routes to rehabilitation.
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Policing said to the Scottish Affairs Committee recently, the Government do not have plans to amend the law to permit the introduction of drug-consumption facilities.
We are clear, however, that drug deaths are avoidable, and we are committed to supporting more people into recovery so that they can live healthier and longer lives.