Let us see.
We have three debates on each day, and I hope that we will be able to get a good debate on each of those subjects.
On  Thursday 3 July , there will be  a debate on a motion on financial redress for 1950s women impacted by the Department for Work and Pensions’ maladministration of the state pension, followed by a debate on mobile phone theft, a subject that is raised frequently in this Chamber.
On  Thursday 10 July , there will be a debate on children’s health, and we are awaiting acceptance of the other debate.
I understand that the sponsor of the debate on Down syndrome that was due to take place this afternoon in Westminster Hall has withdrawn that application because no Minister was available to answer it, so there will be no debate.
I hope that you, Mr Speaker, will use your good offices to make sure that that debate takes place, for the benefit of the sponsor and, indeed, the subject.
Next week in Westminster Hall, there will be a debate on Tuesday on the right to maintain contact in care settings.
On Thursday, there will be a debate on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war, followed by a debate on the BBC World Service.
On  Thursday 3 July , there will be a debate on the future of music education, followed by a debate on safeguarding children with allergies at school.
The following week, on  8 July , there will be a debate on alcohol and cancer—which is a very topical subject during that week—and on Thursday, there will be a debate on state support for victims of terrorism, followed by a debate on London’s contribution to the national economy.
Not only is Saturday the longest day, but it is also International Yoga Day, and we are giving right hon.
and hon.
Members the opportunity to practise yoga this afternoon.
Those Members who are not in the Chamber or Westminster Hall can come along to Committee Room 10.
I guarantee to provide a place for every single Member who comes along, so that we can practise yoga, which is India’s gift to the world and is helpful when it comes to having a healthy and a long life.
Can I book Jim Shannon in?
[Laughter.]
The hon.
Member mentioned the debate this afternoon.
It is disappointing that there was no Minister available, which is why it was better to withdraw it on the Member’s behalf.
First, may I say namaste to the hon.
Gentleman?
I am a regular attender at Iyengar yoga in Manchester.
Were I not wearing high heels, I might show him my tree pose, but I will save that for another day, or perhaps at the session later on.