I recently met Hong Kong pro-democracy activist Chloe Cheung, who reported being followed by men here in London after a large bounty was placed on her head by the Chinese  Government.
Despite providing copious evidence to the police, she received no follow-up at all.
The lawyers of detained activist Jimmy Lai are also being harassed, while the plans for the new Chinese super-embassy, if built, could seriously increase China’s capacity for surveillance, intimidation and transnational repression against Hong Kong activists here in London.
Will the Solicitor General please commit to looking into this issue urgently so that we can all have confidence in the UK’s ability to prosecute hostile state actors and protect those who live on UK soil?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, and I will make sure that Home Office colleagues have heard the concerns he raises.
Ministers have raised concerns of that nature with the authorities, including in Hong Kong and Beijing, and I want to be very clear: we will not tolerate any attempts by foreign Governments to harass or harm their critics on British soil.
Whether the Attorney General has provided the Government with legal advice on immigration matters.
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Law Officers’ convention prevents me from disclosing whether advice has been sought from the Law Officers, whether advice has been given and, indeed, the content of any advice.
The Attorney General has recently been forced to apologise for his comments about those who believe the European convention on human rights is impeding efforts to tackle illegal migration.
Does that not call into question the credibility of any advice given by the Attorney General and whether we can take the Government’s plans to stop the boats seriously?
As I said, the Law Officers’ convention prevents me from disclosing whether Lord Hermer advised on this issue or indeed any other.
It does not, however, prevent me from saying that I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about illegal migration, given the abject mess the Conservatives left the country in.
Counter-terrorism powers could optimise the effectiveness of the Border Security Command.
Could the Solicitor General advise on how the Crown Prosecution Service is being empowered to tackle illegal migration and people smuggling?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point and refers to a critical part of the Government’s plan to secure our borders.
The CPS has recently received new funding to step up surveillance and prosecutions, which will mean that those who commit horrible crimes in relation to people smuggling feel the full force of the law.