Compensation has been given to Severn Trent customers in Norton and Packmoor who had suffered discoloured water supplies, and to another resident who had sewage flooding their garden.
While I welcome recent investment to upgrade the pipes in Smallthorne, Burslem and Tunstall, will the Secretary of State please outline how he will hold water bosses to account, so that residents finally see real improvements?
My hon.
Friend is of course an outstanding champion for his constituents in Stoke-on-Trent North.
During 2024-25, more than 800 compliance inspections were conducted at Severn Trent Water sites.
The Environment Agency will be attending more minor pollution incidents and will continue to attend all serious pollution incidents.
We have, of course, given Ofwat the power to ban the payment of bonuses to water bosses who damage the environment and let customers down.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on supporting those tough new measures.
The Solicitor General was asked— What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases involving violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases involving violence against women and girls.
This Government were elected with a landmark mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
Despite the challenges we inherited, we have recently secured a record funding settlement for the Crown Prosecution Service, which will allow it to hire more prosecutors and play its part in rebuilding a criminal justice system that truly delivers for victims.
I was glad to hear, after I raised this matter for the first time in November, of the launch of the west midlands pilot of the victims’ right to review scheme, which will give victims of rape and serious sexual violence an opportunity to challenge a prosecutor’s decision to drop their case.
However, too many victims have already waited a huge amount of time to get any opportunity for justice, including those in my constituency of Monmouthshire.
After being reported to the police, adult rape cases take an average of two years to complete in court.
What work are the Government doing to reduce those waiting times?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important issue.
I know from meeting rape charities, and indeed from meeting CPS units right across the country, how long waits for justice harm victims and sometimes mean that they drop out of cases altogether.
The Government and the CPS are taking action to reduce delays, including by increasing the number of Crown court sitting days and the number of counsel available to prosecute rape and serious sexual assault cases.
I declare that I am an ambassador for Leeds Women’s Aid.
I welcome, as do my constituents in Leeds North West, the proposed changes to the victims’ right to review scheme that are being piloted, which will give victims a greater say in their cases.
Will the Solicitor General outline the specific way in which those changes will help victims and what the impacts will be?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue.
The victims’ right to review scheme is an important pillar of the criminal justice system.
Through the CPS pilot scheme to offer victims a review prior to a decision to offer no evidence, victims will be empowered to challenge more decisions.
That is likely to lead to better decision making, more victims staying in the system and, ultimately, more offenders being put behind bars.
Earlier this week, I was unsuccessful in trying to amend the Government’s proposed new spiking law to ensure that reckless spiking is an offence.
Will the Solicitor General meet me to discuss the challenges of prosecuting violent crime towards women and girls if the Government are unpersuaded to ensure that reckless spiking becomes illegal?
I am more than happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss that issue.
He will be pleased to know—indeed, he may well already know—that we introduced a new offence for spiking and that we have included new spiking training for up to 10,000 staff in the night-time economy to ensure they have the skills to support victims and prevent such incidents.
Will the Solicitor General outline what support there is for the families of domestic abuse victims—specifically children who have witnessed and been traumatised by that abuse and who need support, which would also enable their parents to feel more confident in continuing their legal cases?
The hon.
Member raises a very important issue.
It is incredibly important that victims of abuse of any kind, and especially children, are supported through the criminal justice system, both by police and then by the CPS.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of offenders charged with hostile state activity.
This Government will always make the country’s national security our No. 1 priority.
That is why we take any attempted activity conducted by hostile states on British soil extremely seriously.
The CPS’s special counter-terrorism division works closely with police at the investigation stage to build very strong cases from the outset.
That approach delivers results: last year, 98% of those tried for terrorism-related offences in this country were convicted.
Many of my constituents are concerned about state-backed terror, given the recent arrests in and around my constituency.
Will the Solicitor General update the House on the implementation of Jonathan Hall’s report on state-backed terrorism and how that may help us to improve conviction rates?
My hon.
Friend rightly mentions Jonathan Hall KC’s recommendations.
As the Home Secretary announced, we are committed to taking forward the suite of recommendations made in Jonathan Hall’s review to tackle state threats, including the creation of a new proscription-like power.