I declare an interest as a former miner and a current member of the National Union of Mineworkers.
Yesterday was the 41st anniversary of the Orgreave event.
Page 73 of the Labour party’s 2024 manifesto pledged an inquiry or investigation into what actually happened at Orgreave 41 years ago.
I praise the Home Secretary for the consultation that she has had with the NUM, the Orgreave Truth and Justice Campaign, lawyers and the Bishop of Sheffield, among many others, but can we please have a debate in Government time to try to push on with that pledge?
People are getting older, and some are suffering from bad health.
Can we please have a debate to discuss this very important issue?
I know that my hon.
Friend has long campaigned on what happened at Orgreave, and that campaigners such as him and others want to see action,  accountability and justice.
Every community should have confidence in their police, but what happened at Orgreave still casts a very long shadow over mining areas like his and in Yorkshire.
As he says, the Home Secretary is committed to resolving this issue and has met campaigners many times.
We are working on a response as a priority, and I will ensure that the House is updated.
Shocking new figures have come to light, showing that white working-class children are falling behind in all but 21 schools across England.
In places like Romford, families who have worked for generations are watching their children slip through the cracks.
I understand that the Education Secretary has launched an inquiry into why communities like mine are facing this problem, but surely equality should mean that every child counts, not just those who fit fashionable narratives.
Will the Leader of the House provide time to debate why this group continues to be neglected and, in some instances, marginalised?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that this Government are absolutely committed to reducing educational inequalities wherever they exist, which is why we have a mission to deliver opportunity for all.
I do not know whether that means he now supports the education plans that we have set out—for example, reducing VAT on private schools in order to get more state school qualified teachers into the system.
I know that the performance of white working-class pupils in our schools has been an issue for many years—in fact, it was an issue when I sat on the Education Committee when the hon.
Gentleman’s party was in government.
I do not remember it ever being a priority for the previous Government, but we will reduce educational inequalities wherever they exist.
Earlier this week, the Department for Transport increased the costs of using the Dartford crossing.
That will impact Gravesham residents and businesses, which do not get the resident discount scheme.
With the announcement this week of the funding for the lower Thames crossing, will the Leader of the House please schedule a debate on river crossings between Kent and Essex and their impact on Gravesham?
I know that this is an issue of great concern to Members with constituencies close to the Dartford crossing.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that, unfortunately, the last time the charges were increased was in 2014.
Since then, demand has grown massively, which is why we had to introduce these small increases in the charges.
I know that it is a concern for such Members, and I am sure that, were they to apply for a debate, they would get a popular response.
Electronic travel authorisations were first introduced in Northern Ireland just six months ago.
Despite having put down several written parliamentary questions, I cannot seem to establish from the Home Office how many people have not had a valid ETA in the past six months.
May we have a debate in Government time to establish the veracity of the numbers of ETAs that have been issued and of those who have not had them in the past six months?
I am really sorry that the hon.
Member has not had adequate responses from parliamentary questions, and I will ensure that they are forthcoming.
I do not have the figures to hand, but I see that Northern Ireland questions are coming up soon, as are other opportunities.
In the meantime, I will ensure that he gets a ministerial response.
Yesterday I visited the Refugee Council, which is proudly headquartered in my constituency.
From supporting those fleeing for their lives to finding employment for them, it is helping people rebuild and become part of the community in Stratford and Bow.
The constituency is also home to other excellent organisations that support refugees, such as the Refugee and Migrant Forum of Essex and London, Praxis and the Magpie Project—to name but a few.
Both Tower Hamlets and Newham are sanctuary boroughs, and Newham is home to London’s largest Ukrainian population.
Would the Leader of the House join me in celebrating Refugee Week and recognising the valuable contribution made by these groups and others across the UK in supporting refugees to integrate into communities and play their part in national life in Britain, which they can now proudly call home?
I join my hon.
Friend in acknowledging Refugee Week.
This country will always play our part alongside others to help those fleeing persecution.
We have a long-standing history of welcoming refugees, particularly those from Ukraine, as she says, and Hong Kong in recent years.
When they are here, they make a valuable contribution to our community.
Daniel was a very happy and full-of-life 13-year-old boy in Fylde until, just over two years ago, he was diagnosed with a serious brain tumour.
With multiple surgeries, a 70-week chemo treatment and, very sadly, a stroke while going through that treatment, Daniel has now been in hospital for over two years.
He cannot move without assistance and requires assistance to breathe overnight.
The local authority and the NHS have been working together with his family to help design how he can move home and live with his parents, but there is no funding available.
He is falling through the cracks between different policies for the funding to pay for those changes, which the family simply cannot afford.
May we therefore have a debate in Government time on how we can ensure that no family falls through the cracks in such a way and that children are not left inevitably in hospital, and on how to get Dan home?
I am really sorry to hear about Daniel’s situation, and my heart goes out to him and his family at this difficult time.
I know from my experience of brain tumours in my own family that it is a very difficult disease from which many people do not recover.
We need to go much further in the research and treatment of brain tumours, because too many people die too quickly of them.
I am really sorry to hear that he is falling through the cracks between different policies, and I will raise that with Ministers.
The hon.
Member may want to know that we have the national cancer plan coming later this year, and we have relaunched the children and young people cancer taskforce to ensure that services are joined up in the way he describes.
Will the Leader of the House join me in condemning the appalling recent epidemic of antisocial behaviour in Spennymoor, which has seen shops attacked, playgrounds vandalised and public parks damaged?
Does she agree with me that the measures we have been voting on this week, to introduce respect orders and put 13,000 police officers back on our streets, are desperately needed, because we must retake control of our streets and our town centres?
I am sorry to hear about the antisocial behaviour in Spennymoor, which sounds really disruptive and unacceptable.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The Crime and Policing Bill will do more to tackle this issue than anything that we as a country have done in a very long time, such as: introducing respect orders, getting more neighbourhood police on the streets, and giving the police the powers to seize and crush some of the off-road vehicles that are often involved in such antisocial behaviour.
There are newspaper reports this morning that the Attorney General has provided the Government with legal advice against engaging in the war between Israel and Iran.
I am sure the Leader of the House recalls that the last time a Labour Government were contemplating joining the Americans in a middle east war, the Attorney General’s advice was key.
Will the Government publish the advice so that the House can be clear on the legal basis for any future British involvement?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is aware, but Governments have always had the policy that we do not comment on what advice the Attorney General has provided, or indeed whether he has provided any advice at all.
That ensures Ministers can get the advice they need to carry out Government business and make decisions without fear or favour.
Just 40% of MPs have been called to speak in this Chamber on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life)
Bill ahead of Third Reading tomorrow.
Many colleagues on both sides of the House have tabled amendments to the Bill, but have not had the opportunity to speak to them.
The Bill is hugely significant and many vulnerable people are looking to us to give them the safeguards they need.
Will the Government give more time to the Bill to ensure that the public have full confidence in the process?
I know there are very strong feelings about the Bill on both sides of the House.
I am sure we can all agree that Parliament has shown itself at its best when discussing these issues in a thoughtful and considered way.
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, it is not a Government Bill.
It is a matter of conscience.
As a private Member’s Bill, it is not given Government time because it is not a Government Bill.
It will follow the usual process for a private Member’s Bill.
It is for the House to decide how long the Bill is debated.
The House, through such things as closure motions, can decide to give the Bill longer to debate it, if it so wishes.
The 36th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster passed this year without the long-awaited Hillsborough Bill.
The lawyers working on the Bill have said that if it does not include the statutory duty of candour or legal parity for bereaved families, then it is not a Hillsborough law.
Can the Leader of the House call on a Justice Minister to provide an update for the families, the bereaved and the survivors on whether those two aspects will be included in the Bill?
First of all, the Government remain absolutely committed to fulfilling our commitment to the Hillsborough families on bringing forward and enacting a Hillsborough law, which, as my hon.
Friend says, includes a duty of candour.
That is because the Hillsborough families have spent decades fighting for justice and we do not want to see that continue.
It is important that the Bill reflects the range of views, concerns and experiences, and meets the expectations of families.
That is why we are working at pace with the families on the Bill, and we will introduce it when it is ready.
It is important to celebrate awards given to hon.
colleagues, so will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating both the Deputy Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  on winning the award in their respective categories as Britain’s sexiest politicians on that well-known website illicitencounters.com?
Does she recommend that they have dinner together?
I am sure that the Deputy Prime Minister has a very full diary; she will be washing her hair and the like, so it might not be possible for her to have dinner with  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .
The battle of Bamber Bridge in my constituency, 82 years ago, was a powerful moment in history when local people stood in solidarity with black American soldiers against segregation.
I am hugely grateful to councillors, like the wonderful Chris Lomax, who have worked so hard to keep the memory of this special moment in history alive.
I know that the community will have a great time celebrating the anniversary this weekend with a proper American barbecue.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing the Bamber Bridge community a wonderful celebration at the Ye Olde Hob Inn this weekend, and will she consider holding a debate on the long history of our British values of bravery and inclusion?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in wishing the Bamber Bridge community all the best with their barbecue this weekend, and their celebration of the stand that people took against racism all those years ago.
Last week, I was heartbroken to hear of the loss of Norma Burton, one half of the much-loved social media duo Jess and Norma.
Norma captured the hearts of millions with her warmth and humour, and her amazing bond with her granddaughter, Jess.
Can we have a debate on the vital role that grandparents play in educating the next generation, and will the Leader of the House join me in paying tribute to Norma, who was a remarkable and inspiring woman?
I absolutely join the hon.
Gentleman in paying a warm tribute to Norma Burton, and I am sure the whole House will want to do so, too.
Her partnership with her granddaughter Jess was great, as I am sure many would agree.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point to the importance of intergenerational relationships, and of always respecting our elders and doing exactly what they say.