The Minister previously stated that the extended producer responsibility was not retrospective.
However, the industry understands that it is now DEFRA’s position that it is a retrospective tax.
Will the Minister confirm what industry engagement was undertaken to advise producers of the change to a retrospective tax?
I am happy to write to the hon.
Lady in great detail and at great length, but it is not something I can explain in 20 seconds.
Following last month’s Supreme Court ruling about wild camping on Dartmoor, will the Secretary of State confirm whether he believes that responsible wild camping should be permitted in the other national parks?
We were delighted by the Supreme Court judgment on Dartmoor wild camping and we understand the calls to expand it.
However, we have no plans to extend it, as it does need to be balanced with landowner rights and habitat protection.
The gamekeepers employed by the military shoots on Salisbury plain are an essential resource in preserving that rare and special habitat, but DEFRA has given the rights to award licences to the shoots to Natural England, a quango  that is ideologically opposed to shooting.
Will the Minister take responsibility and ensure that the shoots on Salisbury plain get their licences this year?
I am very sorry to hear the hon.
Gentleman criticising Natural England in that way.
It is a very responsible agency that does very good work on behalf of us all.
We made the decision not to issue a general licence for gamebird releases in special protection areas such as Salisbury plain.
We think it is really important that we help protect our internationally important bird populations from avian influenza, and I am sure he would share that goal.
UK flour millers, including ADM in my constituency, are already contributing to our food security.
However, there are fears in the industry that trade deals could curtail that progress.
Will the Minister outline the steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that the welcome trade deals struck by the Government do not undermine our food security?
The UK flour sector is really important.
I very much welcome the work that that sector does for us.
It is right to raise the point about trade deals.
We are determined to make sure that we do nothing to undermine a very successful sector that helps keep food security at high levels in this country.
It was reported today that the Treasury may be planning to siphon money off from the water restoration fund for “unrelated purposes”.
What assurance can the Secretary of State provide that money in the restoration fund will be used to clean up our waterways, not to cover rising Government debt interest?