With the lighter nights comes fear for some as antisocial behaviour upticks, causing real misery in  some communities.
I recently joined the Killingworth neighbourhood police team on a walkabout to hear directly from them how they are working with North Tyneside council to tackle this issue and support local people.
Can we have a debate on how this Government will give Northumbria police and other agencies the powers they need to support our communities?
Antisocial behaviour is a blight on all of our communities.
We are taking big steps to strengthen police powers in that area and introduce respect orders, and the Crime and Policing Bill, which had its Third Reading last night, contains many measures that I hope will support my hon.
Friend’s police.
rose— Order.
Just to help the House, I aim to run this session for around an hour, so I am sure we can help each other by rushing through.
Let us have a good example of that from Neil O’Brien.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Although they did not mention it before the election, Labour is committed to abolishing every district and borough council in Leicestershire.
It has also invited proposals to expand the city’s boundaries, and the Mayor of Leicester has put forward such a proposal.
This is universally not wanted in Oadby, Wigston, Great Glen and the surrounding villages—in fact, thousands of people have signed a petition against it—so can we please at least have a debate in Government time on that proposal?
Will the Leader of the House encourage the Local Government Minister not to allow this expansion of the city?
It is not just the higher council tax; people want to keep their local identity.
If the Government are going to go ahead with the proposal, will they at least allow people to vote in a referendum?
I know this issue is of great concern to many Members across the House and people have strongly held views on it.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we set out a number of proposals in the White Paper.
Those issues are being considered, and measures will be brought forward in an English devolution Bill shortly.
Members will have ample time to consider them, but the proposals should be coming from local leaders—that is what devolution is about—not imposed by Government.
Just this week, we have seen further media reports of dangerous and unregulated cosmetic procedures ending in tragedy.
In July 2021, the beauty and wellbeing all-party parliamentary group, which I chair, presented a report to the Government recommending an evidence-based policy framework to prevent such incidents occurring.
Will the Leader of the House encourage colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to do what the previous Government failed to do, and act now to take control of these dangerous practices?