Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mary ``Marie'' Fitzgerald of Norwich, Connecticut.
Mary passed away peacefully on October 5, 2024, at the age of 99.
As a lifelong resident of Union Street, she was a pillar of the Norwich community, touching countless lives in her almost half-century of service as a teacher.
Mary was born on December 14, 1924, in Norwich, Connecticut, to William and Kathryn Fitzgerald.
Her father was an amazing person, whose legacy of public service lives on at the local, state, and federal levels.
He grew up in a first-generation Irish American family, went to work in a foundry at the age of 15, and because of his work ethic, became a foreman, was elected Mayor of Norwich, and in 1936, Member of the U.S. House.
As a freshman member of Congress, he succeeded in passing the National Apprenticeship Authorization Act-- ``The Fitzgerald Act'' which set national standards for apprenticeship training that still is the law of the land.
He returned to Connecticut and served in WWII on the Connecticut War Production Board, which produced military equipment (submarines, aircraft engines) that was instrumental to the success of the allied nations.
As his daughter, Mary grew up close to all the action of such a dynamic leader.
After her family returned to Norwich from Washington, Mary too chose a path of public service, albeit in a different form.
After completing her education, Mary dedicated her life to early childhood education and the profession of teaching.
For many decades, she worked as a kindergarten teacher, helping to shape the minds of generations of children.
Mary led with compassion and went above and beyond to create a caring and supportive environment for each student who entered her classroom.
She helped instill a love of learning for an incredible number of students who will not soon forget her impact.
Mary loved her neighborhood and the people around her.
Outside of her work as a teacher, she thoughtfully devoted her time to charities throughout the community as well as her church.
Mary also served as a devoted Parishioner of the Cathedral.
Patrick, attending mass every day and attending virtually when she could no longer attend in person.
She was also a member of the Rosary Altar Society and the Connecticut Alpha Delta Kappa Chapter, a fraternal organization for teachers.
In her free time, Mary was adventurous and loved to have new experiences.
Starting in 1969, she traveled with her best friend Phyllis.
Together, they saw several countries and six different continents, finding favorites in Ireland, Japan, Bermuda, and New Zealand.