Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor, recognize, and congratulate my good friend, business leader and builder, devoted public servant, and Kosciusko County Commissioner Brad Jackson as he prepares to retire as County Commissioner at the end of this year after 28 years in elected office.
Brad has been a close personal friend of mine for more than a decade and a committed and effective champion for all things Kosciusko County for even longer.
From his work as a second-generation homebuilder and experienced business owner to his service in elected office, Brad's long-standing commitment to meeting the needs of Kosciusko County Hoosiers has been deep and unwavering.
Quite simply, Brad is the kind making decisions that affect people's lives.
Brad's belief in and adherence to conservative principles and values has helped keep Kosciusko County growing and on the move during Brad's nearly three-decade tenure as County Commissioner.
Fiscal discipline, low taxes, preventing unnecessary regulations on businesses and job creators, and support for law enforcement and keeping crime low have all been hallmarks of Brad's approach to politics and public service.
Most of all, his love for community, his family, and God has kept Brad grounded in the things that matter, and it has made him a leader who is admired and respected by so many.
As Brad's career in public life comes to a close, I am reminded of the saying ``I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives.
I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him.''
I believe this quote applies uniquely well to County Commissioner Brad Jackson.
The Kosciusko County community is unquestionably better off thanks to this good man with a servant's heart.
Brad has not only built countless construction projects in his career, he has also built an incredible legacy and a stronger foundation for Kosciusko County to stand and grow upon going forward.
I join Hoosiers throughout Indiana's Second Congressional District in expressing our gratitude to Brad for his many years of dedicated service.
I wish Brad a very happy retirement and him, his wife Lynnette, their two sons, and their extended family all the very best going forward.