someone who has gone above and beyond the call of duty in service to both our community and our country.
It is with great respect and admiration that I recognize Amy Keiper-Shaw, one of our district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades but by the quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of service and compassion.
Amy has embodied this spirit in ways that words can scarcely capture.
A licensed Clinical Social Worker, Certified Grief Counselor, Clinical Thanatologist, and Certified Dementia Practitioner, Amy has dedicated her life to providing care, comfort, and compassion to others in our community in challenging times of need.
Throughout her career, Amy saw first-hand the heartbreaking suffering of children who lost a loved one and recognized a need for a positive, compassionate and effective bereavement resource for children and their families in our community.
And so, in 2013, her non-profit, Hands Holding Hearts, was born and has since become a beacon of comfort and hope for Bucks County children and families as they navigate some of the most painful and difficult times of their lives.
Studies show that one in 12 kids will lose a parent or sibling by the age of 18, with that rate only increasing since the pandemic.
Without the necessary support and resources to process their grief, children are left without the tools and skills needed to successfully and positively move forward.
Through workshops, Camp Feeling Better Summer Camp, counseling, support groups, and community presentations, Amy and her team of experienced counselors provide children with vital education and resources for coping and communicating and the invaluable comfort of knowing they are not alone.