During the initial assault, Colonel Puckett exposed himself to enemy fire, rallying pinned down U.S. troops to advance and take the hill from its defenders.
In the following hours, the temperatures dropped, and the Chinese attempted to retake the hill.
Colonel Puckett radioed an artillery strike to stop the enemy's advance.
Over the course of the attacks, Colonel Puckett sustained several wounds to his left shoulder, feet, thighs, and buttocks.
Despite being severely wounded, he was still able to command his company and call on artillery to avert enemy attacks before being carried to safety by two of his troops.
During his 22-year career, Colonel Puckett received many awards including the Distinguished Service Cross twice, along with two Silver Stars for valor, two Bronze Star medals, and five Purple Hearts.
In 1992, he became one of the first people to be inducted into the United States Army Ranger Hall of Fame.
Because of his courageous valor and after many years of efforts on his behalf, Colonel Puckett was awarded the Medal of Honor by President Joseph R. Biden on Friday, May 21, 2021.
Colonel Puckett gave himself to his country and to so many for so long.
As such, he is one of our nation's most decorated war heroes.
Even after his military service ended, he found a way to give back to those who came after him.
He remained very active with military affairs, including volunteering with the Ranger Brigade.
Colonel Puckett also served as an executive with Outward Bound, a nonprofit educational organization that exposes students, especially those from cities, to wilderness settings.
Colonel

Puckett accomplished much in his life, but none of this would have been possible without the grace of God, and the enduring love and support of his wife, Jean, and their children Martha and Thomas.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join my wife, Vivian, and me, along with the 765,000 people of Georgia's Second Congressional District in celebrating the life and legacy of Colonel Ralph Puckett, Jr., USA (Ret.).
Moreover, we extend our deepest condolences to his family, friends, and all who mourn his loss.
May they all be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks, and months ahead. ____________________