Ann was hired by Sonoma Water in 2008 as Public Information Officer,

and she became the Community and Government Affairs Manager there in

2018.
In these roles Ann demonstrated an exemplary commitment to the

community and sustainability at Sonoma Water.
Ann's good deeds extend

to the greater region through her work as the administrator for the

Sonoma Valley Groundwater Sustainability Agency, and Petaluma Valley

Groundwater Sustainability Agency, while also spearheading outreach and

communication for all Sonoma County Groundwater Sustainability

Agencies.
In addition to her professional commitments, Ann has played a pivotal

role in several community organizations.
She served as Board member for

the Ceres Community Project.
And she is currently on the board of

directors for the Congregation Shomrei Torah in Santa Rosa, where she

was president from 2020 to 2022.
In addition, she volunteers with

Riebli-North Firewise Community as well as the California Groundwater

Coalition where she helps guide water suppliers throughout the state

meet the water supply needs of California residents.
Notably, Ann is more than a public servant; she is a mentor and

inspiration to many.
When she and her sister simultaneously faced

breast cancer, Ann exhibited exemplary strength and determination.
Ann

is also known for her love of reading, biking with her husband Jeremey

Olsan, and spending time with her son Jake.
Mr. Speaker, it's clear that Ann DuBay has been an extraordinary

public servant making meaningful contributions to the community through

both her professional and volunteer work.
Therefore, it is fitting that

we honor her legacy of accomplishments which will benefit Sonoma County

and the region for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CW5 SCOTT GRONOWSKI FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE IN DEFENSE OF

THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chief Warrant

Officer (CW5) Scott Gronowski on his retirement and to honor him for

his many years of dedicated service in the defense of our Nation.
Scott enlisted in the Army as an infantryman in 1989 and undertook

one of the most remarkable and decorated military careers I have seen.
While serving as an infantryman, Scott attended Airborne School and

Ranger School at Fort Benning, Georgia.
He eventually went on to serve

in the 2nd Battalion of the prestigious 75th Ranger Regiment In 1997,

he completed the Special Forces Qualification Course, earning him the

coveted Green Beret.
Scott went on to become a Warrant Officer in 2002

and served in numerous leadership and educational roles within the

Army.
His remarkable career culminated with his appointment as the

Command Chief Warrant Officer for 1st Special Forces Command, where he

served from April 2021 until June of 2023.
Throughout his career, Scott deployed on numerous occasions in

support of U.S. operations in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Kuwait, Iraq, and

Afghanistan.
As a result of his bravery, Scott received many medals and

distinctions including the Bronze Star, Purple Heart, Air Assault

Badge, Special Forces Tab, Ranger Tab, among many others.
All of these accomplishments merely scratch the surface of Scott's

illustrious military career.
CW5 Scott Gronowski's dedication to the

U.S. Army and the United States is both commendable and inspiring.
I

know I speak for the whole of our community when I wish Scott the very

best as he begins this next chapter of his life.
I thank Scott for his

courage and sacrifice.
Mr Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Scott Gronowski on

his retirement and thanking him for his decades of dedicated service to

our military and Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FRANK THORNTON ON HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent

Frank J. Thornton for his 28 years of service on the Henrico County

Board of Supervisors representing the Fairfield Magisterial District.