Title: CELEBRATING FIRST RESPONDERS IN GWINNETT COUNTY, GEORGIA; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
201

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING FIRST RESPONDERS IN GWINNETT COUNTY, GEORGIA

HON.
RICHARD McCORMICK

Mr. McCORMICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude to

the Red, Blue and You initiative that celebrates and honors the first

responders of Gwinnett County, Georgia.
The community event, organized

by local business owners, held its 8th annual celebration on November

16, 2023.
The brave men and women first responders honored at the event

are the first line of defense for people in distress, and often do not

receive the recognition and support they deserve.
I want to thank these

dedicated public safety heroes for serving their communities every

single day.
Their work makes a difference and impacts all those in our

community.
God bless each and everyone of them.
Semper Fidelis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY OF JIMMY AND HAVA McCLINTOCK

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to celebrate 50 years of

marriage between Jimmy and Hava McClintock of Heath, Texas.
They have

made significant contributions to our community and are longtime

advocates for the U.S.-Israel alliance.
Jimmy is a native Texan, while Hava was born in a small town outside

of Tel Aviv.
They first met each other in Israel, where they married in

1973.
For seven years, they lived in Israel.
In 1983, Jimmy and Hava

moved to Rockwall, Texas, before settling in Heath.
During their many years together, Jimmy and Hava have made it their

life's mission to advocate for our shared Judeo-Christian values.
Since

1976, they have organized private and congregational tours to Israel.
These tours have strengthened the friendship between communities and

highlighted Israel's important struggle for peace and security.
Furthermore, Jimmy and Hava are board members of their local chapter

of the Friends of the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF), where they provide

material support to the IDF and support Israel's right to defend

itself.
They also serve on the boards of God's Grace International and

Netivyah, where they coordinate humanitarian assistance for Holocaust

survivors in Israel and those in need.
I commend Jimmy and Hava for

working diligently to aid those facing difficult circumstances so that

they will not be overlooked.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of Jimmy and Hava McClintock's impressive

milestone.
It is truly wonderful to commemorate their five decades of

happiness and joy, and here's to many more.
May God Bless them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANN DUBAY

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague,

Congressman Mike Thompson, to recognize the enduring work of Ann DuBay

on the occasion of her retirement from Sonoma Water.
Ann began her long-standing career in public service in 1981 as a

seasonal firefighter at the California Department of Forestry.
She then

pursued the California State Fellowship Program and subsequently

assumed the role of policy consultant at the California State Senate's

Office of Research.
Returning to her roots in Sonoma County, Ann became

the Vice-President and Government Affairs Coordinator at the Santa Rosa

Chamber of Commerce, before transitioning to a distinguished career in

journalism as an editorial writer and columnist for nearly a decade at

the Press Democrat.
Ann was hired by Sonoma Water in 2008 as Public Information Officer,

and she became the Community and Government Affairs Manager there in

2018.
In these roles Ann demonstrated an exemplary commitment to the

community and sustainability at Sonoma Water.
Ann's good deeds extend

to the greater region through her work as the administrator for the

Sonoma Valley Groundwater Sustainability Agency, and Petaluma Valley

Groundwater Sustainability Agency, while also spearheading outreach and

communication for all Sonoma County Groundwater Sustainability

Agencies.