This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, December 7, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 12

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban

Development, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine communities in crisis,

focusing on what happens when disaster recovery funds

are delayed.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 1840, to amend the Public

Health Service Act to reauthorize and improve the

National Breast and Cervical Cancer Early Detection

Program for fiscal years 2024 through 2028, S. 3392, to

reauthorize the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002,

the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and

the National Assessment of Educational Progress

Authorization Act, S. 3393, to reauthorize the SUPPORT

for Patients and Communities Act, S. 644, to expand the

take-home prescribing of methadone through pharmacies,

and other pending calendar business.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine Coast Guard Academy

whistleblowers, focusing on stories of sexual assault

and harassment.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine cleaning up the C-Suite,

focusing on ensuring accountability for corporate

criminals.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining

To hold hearings to examine S. 1281, to amend the Omnibus

Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 to provide for

security of tenure for use of mining claims for

ancillary activities, and S. 1742, to modify the

requirements applicable to locatable minerals on public

domain land.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To receive a closed briefing on Iran and its proxy threat

to U.S. policy and personnel post-October 7.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Rules and Administration

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government

Publishing Office.
DECEMBER 13

10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Space and Science

To hold hearings to examine government promotion of

safety and innovation in the new space economy.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer

Rights

To hold hearings to examine the impact of algorithms on

competition and consumer rights.