Honor Flight, Project Appleseed and the

Arnold Community Council are just a few of the organizations to which

Morse devoted his time and efforts.
As President of Honor Flight Middle Tennessee, Claude worked

tirelessly to take eligible World War II, Korean War and Vietnam

veterans on a free trip to see war memorials in Washington, DC.
It

remains my great honor to personally welcome as many of these heroes as

I can when they come, and it was always a special treat to get to spend

time with Claude as well.
Over the past several years, Claude has sponsored hundreds of hero

veterans and hundreds of hours of work to see it accomplished.
Yet to

him, it was simply time well spent to recognize those who deserved it.
In addition, Claude also was a long-time member and President of the

Arnold Community Council, a group that promotes, protects,

and preserves the Arnold Engineering Development Complex (AEDC) in

Tullahoma, Tennessee and to facilitate interaction and cooperation

between the complex and surrounding communities.
Claude and many of his

colleagues would spend time every year visiting the Tennessee

Congressional delegation, other key members of Congress, members of the

Tennessee General Assembly, and officials with the Department of

Defense to advocate for and advance the mission of the facility.
His

group would also sponsor awards for AEDC personnel, the annual AEDC

veteran's picnic, the ACC job fair, the Honor Flights and the AEDC

children's Christmas party.
Claude was also a committee member for Wreaths Across America, an

organization that places wreaths on fallen veterans' graves during

Christmas.
He was also a natural candidate for public service and was selected

as a Commissioner for the Coffee County Government.
He was a recipient

of the Governor's Volunteer Star Award for all his efforts and selected

as an AEDC lifetime achievement fellow.
I am proud to represent a community that has the utmost respect for

all the men and women who have served our country with valor and honor

as members of our armed forces.
Claude never took a day off in making

sure that we always prioritized that commitment to all of those who

have served, are serving, and will serve.
I will miss Claude and his

hard work, and most importantly, his friendship and support.
I ask all

Members of Congress to join me in paying respect to Claude Morris for a

lifetime of service to country and community, and I ask this

institution to join me in sending the deepest sympathies to all his

family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF BESSIE RODRIGUEZ

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor the life and legacy

of Bessie Rodriguez of Dallas.
Bessie was a loving mother who used a

tragic experience to effect meaningful change in the name of Justice

here in North Texas.
On July 24, 1973, Bessie's life changed forever, when her 12-year-old

son, Santos, was fatally shot by Dallas law enforcement.
Santos meant

everything to Bessie.
However, she turned tragedy into action.
She used

the death of her son to start a movement to boost accountability and

transparency in the police and community relations here that is still

being felt in North Texas today.
Just this year, Dallas commemorated

the 50th anniversary of Santos' murder by holding multiple events to

push for justice.
The commemoration of this solemn anniversary would

not have been possible without Bessie's work.
I once again rise today to commemorate Bessie's legacy.
I am praying

for her extended family during this time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF LT.
HOPE KIRKENDALL

HON.
SCOTT FRANKLIN

Mr. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the

loss and honor the legacy of a World War II heroine from Lakeland, FL,

Lt.
Hope Kirkendall.