Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Dawson Connell,

for his work as an intern serving in my D.C. office.
I would like to

take this opportunity to thank him for his hard work and recognize the

meaningful contributions he has made to the office this fall.
Dawson is from Waxhaw, North Carolina, and is currently a getting his

Master's in Political Science at American University.
Dawson is a

graduate of Mars Hill University in western North Carolina and majored

in History with both Pre-Law Studies and Political Science minors.
Dawson was on the varsity baseball team at Mars Hill and is an

impressive golfer.
Interns work with staff to serve constituents in North Carolina's

11th congressional district.
Dawson was chosen from a competitive pool

and impressive work ethic.
It was a pleasure to work with Dawson, and I am so proud to have such

an intelligent and ambitious intern representing my office.
Dawson

exemplified the spirit of public service and represents the best that

our Nation has to offer.
I congratulate Dawson on this successful

completion of his internship, and thank him on behalf of the people of

Western North Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GENESIS SANTIAGO

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the outstanding

service of Genesis Santiago, who has made an exceptional contribution

to my office during her time as a Congressional Hispanic Caucus

Institute Fellow.
Genesis has served with distinction in my office and

dedicated her time to serving the people of Florida's 24th

Congressional District.
Genesis holds an impressive academic background, earning three

undergraduate degrees from the University of South Florida in History,

Secondary Social Studies Education, and Classics and a master's degree

in public policy from Georgetown University.
Genesis demonstrated

exceptional leadership and a deep commitment to advancing education

equity during her fellowship.
Her extensive experience as a teacher

brought a wealth of knowledge that greatly enhanced our education

policy efforts.
Genesis immersed herself in the legislative process,

consistently delivering high-quality briefing memos and policy

recommendations.
In addition to her policy work in higher education, Genesis played a

key role in drafting bills and collaborating with several organizations

to move our legislative priorities forward.
Her ability to articulate

complex ideas through Op-eds and legislative writing further

underscored her dedication to the issues we care deeply about.
She also

took on a leadership role with the fellows and interns, assigning

meaningful projects and ensuring each team

member had a valuable and enriching congressional experience.
Genesis's attention to detail, collaborative spirit, and positive

attitude have made a lasting impression in my office.
As her fellowship

concludes, I commend her for her unwavering dedication and commitment

to education policy.
I do not doubt that Genesis will continue to excel

and make significant contributions to the field, and I wish her

continued success in all her future endeavors.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Genesis for her commitment and

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KENNETH CARTER FOR HIS WORK WITH THE ORANGE COUNTY SUPERVISOR

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Kenneth Carter was born and raised in Miami,

Florida, by his loving Christian parents, who were both very involved

in his hometown church.
Their example instilled in him to serve others

in whatever capacity was needed.
Mr. Carter graduated from Florida State University with a bachelor's

degree in criminology in 1987.
He married his wife in 1988 and has

three sons.
For the past 27 years, Mr. Carter has worked for the Orange County

Supervisor of Elections in various roles.
He's organized mock student

elections at various elementary and middle schools to teach the

importance of voting to younger generations.