Title: HONORING BATTALION CHIEF TONY R. GARRISON; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
190

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BATTALION CHIEF TONY R. GARRISON

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor

Battalion Chief Tony R. Garrison who was killed in the line of duty on

September 27 when Tropical Storm Helene hit Western North Carolina.
Tony was a native of Western North Carolina and by every account, Tony

was a great man.
Known for his outgoing personality and compassionate nature, Tony

enjoyed woodworking, fishing, and most of all, spending time with his

family.
Tony leaves behind the love of his life and wife of 28 years,

Mary Chantelle Garrison, his daughter Hannah, and his son Dylan.
I would like to extend my appreciation for the work he accomplished

during his time with the U.S. Forest Service, as a volunteer with the

Garren Creek Fire Department, member of the Buncombe County Task Force,

and as an instructor at A-B Tech in Asheville.
Tony dedicated his life

to serving others and protecting his neighbors.
As a Battalion Chief with the Fairview Volunteer Fire Department,

Tony was used to running towards danger when others would run away.
Friday, September 27 was a day of confusion and destruction in Western

North Carolina.
Helene made landfall Thursday night and by Friday morning millions of

people were left

without cell service, power, or any way to contact the outside world as

trees fell and landslides washed away their houses, neighbors, and

family members.
Tony's community of Fairview saw historic levels of flooding and

suffered from catastrophic damage.
During the confusion, Tony did what

he was trained to do and what he spent his life doing--helping save

others.
While Tony worked with his nephew Brandon Ruppe to rescue

neighbors during a landslide, a second landslide occurred and both Tony

and Brandon tragically passed away from their injuries.
I offer my deepest condolences to the Garrison family.
I will

continue to keep them and their loved ones in my thoughts and prayers.
Tony is a hero and will be remembered for his lifetime of service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHRISTIAN HOLLOWELL

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

exemplary service of Christian Hollowell, who was my Director of

Operations, and was instrumental in advancing the mission and goals of

our office and serving the people of Florida's 24th Congressional

District.
Christian's journey in operations and management brought invaluable

expertise to our team.
From day one, Christian demonstrated an

unwavering commitment to efficiency, innovation, and collaboration.
As

my former Director of Operations, she navigated complex challenges with

grace and determination, streamlining processes, enhancing

productivity, and fostering a culture of teamwork and excellence.
Her

strategic insights and leadership were pivotal in driving my office's

success and achieving our legislative and community objectives.
Beyond her professional achievements, Christian's integrity,

humility, and compassion have touched the lives of everyone in my

office.
Her ability to inspire and uplift others and her genuine

dedication to public service reflects her character and values.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in extending our heartfelt gratitude and

appreciation to Christian Hollowell for her outstanding service,

leadership, and dedication to public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAWSON CONNELL

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Dawson Connell,

for his work as an intern serving in my D.C. office.
I would like to

take this opportunity to thank him for his hard work and recognize the

meaningful contributions he has made to the office this fall.
Dawson is from Waxhaw, North Carolina, and is currently a getting his

Master's in Political Science at American University.