Additionally, he is a founding member of the

Jefferson Township Veterans' Memorial Committee and has contributed his

time to civic organizations such as Jefferson Highlights and the

Jefferson Arts Committee.
Council President Dunham's lifelong dedication to service and his

leadership, vision, and unwavering commitment to the betterment of our

community has left an indelible mark on Jefferson Township.
I want to express my gratitude to Council President Dunham for his

decades of service and for the countless ways he has enriched the lives

of others, and I wish him the best for a well-earned and restful

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF COMMISSIONER ANTONIO WILLIAMS OF WAYNE

COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA

HON.
WILEY NICKEL

Mr. NICKEL.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

proclamation honoring the service of Commissioner Antonio Williams.
Whereas Commissioner Antonio Williams continues to advocate for the

creation of the Wayne County Homeless Committee to combat homelessness

in Wayne County.
Whereas Commissioner Williams accomplished the approval of digital

libraries in District 2, which in turn brought more support to the

Summer Youth Employment Program that he started.
Whereas the commissioners approved resolutions authorizing the

spending of national opioid settlement funds, which will bring needed

relief to communities impacted by the opioid epidemic in Wayne County.
These funds support every aspect of the effort to combat addiction,

from early intervention to recovery support services and the treatment

of incarcerated people.
Whereas the commissioners' progress on public service infrastructure,

from the Northern Wayne County Library, to Fremont Elementary school,

adds to the quality of life in Wayne County and contributes to the

delivery of essential support for all constituents.
Whereas the increased allocation for public schools in this year's

budget, including expansion of the School Resource Officer program is

critical to ensuring safe and accessible public education.
I, Wiley Nickel, Congressman of the 13th District of North Carolina,

am honored to recognize the incredible service of Commissioner Antonio

Williams of the Wayne County Board of Commissioners.
Commissioner

Williams' efforts to improve citizens' lives through public service is

laudable, and his impact on community is immeasurable.
I Thank

Commissioner Williams for his devoted attention to Wayne County and

contributions to the strength of our state.