He married his wife in 1988 and has

three sons.
For the past 27 years, Mr. Carter has worked for the Orange County

Supervisor of Elections in various roles.
He's organized mock student

elections at various elementary and middle schools to teach the

importance of voting to younger generations.
He's also served as a poll

worker for the Orange County community, making sure the voting process

goes smoothly for residents.
Mr. Carter is recognized for his dedication to voters in Orange

County.
His dedication has not only impacted thousands, but also

inspired his wife and two of his sons to follow in his footsteps.
Mr. Carter looks forward to serving the community year after year and

can't wait to continue his efforts for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MIA RODRIGUEZ

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the outstanding

service of Mia Rodriguez, my intern who served with distinction in my

office and dedicated her time to serving the people of Florida's 24th

Congressional District.
Mia is currently a student at Florida International University where

her focus is on International Relations and Political Science.
She also

has served with distinction on FIU's Student Government Association as

Chief Justice.
I am proud to say that Mia has shown great dedication

and has devoted her time in my office to diving deep into the

legislative process, particularly when it comes to foreign affairs and

trade policy.
Mia's eagerness to learn and excel will always be remembered.
I wish

Mia all the best as she continues her academic journey of which I am

certain will be filled with much success.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Mia Rodriguez for her commitment and

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING POLK COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS VOLLEYBALL

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Polk

County High School girls volleyball team for winning the North Carolina

1A volleyball championship game with a score of 3-0.
This is the Wolverine girls' second consecutive 1A volleyball

championship title.
Making their championship win all the more impressive, the team did

not have practices or games for a period of 19 days during the middle

of their season due to Hurricane Helene.
Congratulations to the Polk County High School girls volleyball team.
I commend their work ethic, fortitude, and determination that resulted

in an outstanding season.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SHANELLE ANIMLEYI63

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the outstanding

service of Shanelle Animley, an intern in my office who served the

people of Florida's 24th Congressional District with distinction,

Shanelle, currently a rising senior at South County High School, has

brought her willingness to learn and her open-mindedness to public

service.
In particular, her commitment to creating a more equitable and

inclusive environment for international students is evident.
Her

diligent support of mental health for South Floridians is also

impressive.
One of Shanelle's greatest strengths is her positivity and maturity,

which allowed her to tackle the demanding work of serving the

constituents of Florida's 24th Congressional District with skill and

ease.
Shanelle has concluded her internship in my office, and she

leaves a legacy of excellence and service.
Her next chapter will

undoubtedly be marked by 'her continued success and impactful work.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Shanelle Animley for her drive and

dedication to the office and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING POLLY'S PANCAKE PARLOR

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.