On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Shanelle Animley for her drive and

dedication to the office and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING POLLY'S PANCAKE PARLOR

HON.
ANN M. KUSTER

Ms. KUSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a small business

in my district that is an important part of the Sugar Hill community:

Polly's Pancake Parlor.
Since it was opened in 1938 by Willfred and Pauline ``Polly'' Taylor,

Polly's pancakes has served up some of the lightest, fluffiest pancakes

in New England, attracting visitors from across the Nation.
Beyond

serving excellent food, Polly's helped popularize maple syrup as a

sweetener, contributing to the success of New Hampshire's world-

renowned maple syrup industry.
What truly makes Polly's standout is the generous hospitality.
When

you visit Polly's, you're treated like a member of the family.
That is

why I have relished the opportunity to bring my family and friends to

Polly's both before and during my time in Congress.
Polly's is an

important part of the fabric of the White Mountains community, and I am

proud to recognize this outstanding business.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2024 AAA STARS OF LIFE

HON.
CLIFF BENTZ

Mr. BENTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the members of the

emergency medical services (EMS) profession who dedicate their lives to

providing often lifesaving medical care and transport services to

patients as well as entire communities.
These health care professionals

are on the frontlines of providing vital emergency 9-1-1 and

interfacility ambulance services.
Every year, the dispatch of an ambulance is the first response to

millions of medical emergencies.
Often, the survival of a patient is

enhanced by the prompt medical attention provided by paramedics and

emergency medical technicians (EMTs) prior to the arrival at an

emergency department.
As a result of the selfless acts of these

courageous and devoted professions, the lives of thousands of Americans

are saved each year.
While these professionals do not expect to receive

recognition for their work, they deserve our outmost gratitude.
I would like to highlight a very special group of EMS professionals

or ``Stars of Life'' who were honored this by the American Ambulance

Association.
These Stars of Life are meeting with their members of

Congress this week and I strongly encourage my colleagues to take the

time to chat with these exceptional individuals.
The American Ambulance Association honors each year those paramedics,

emergency medical technicians, dispatchers and other ambulance service

personnel who exemplify what is best about the EMS field.
The American

Ambulance Association has appropriately designated these individuals as

``Stars of Life''.
Past Stars of Life have included paramedics and EMTs

who were part of evacuation and response efforts to natural disasters,

acts of terrorism and public health emergencies.
Members of this year's

Stars of Life program are no different and were involved with

exceptional acts such as delivering and saving a baby born pulseless

during transport to a hospital and extracting a patient involved in a

fiery

car crash and then providing critical medical care.
Of equal importance, this program also pays tribute to those

ambulance service personnel whose heroic acts or community service

activities may not have made the news, but were just as meaningful to

the people they aided.
They are truly America's health care safety net.
I am especially proud of the five Stars of Life from Oregon being

recognized this year who serve Oregonians with pride.
They are Aubree

Arneson, Jorge Garcia, Jason Hodges, Don Marr and Joe Scott.
I had the

opportunity to meet with Jorge Garcia with Umpqua Valley Ambulance from

Roseburg, Oregon today and can tell you he is a fIrst-class EMS

professional who deeply cares about his community and his patients.