From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF JEFFERSON TOWNSHIP

COUNCILMAN RON SMITH

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Councilman Ron

Smith, who will retire at the end of this month after years of

dedicated service to Jefferson Township.
After earning a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from

Seton Hall University and a Master's Degree in Supervision and

Administration from Kean University, Councilman Smith embarked on a

career as a School Business Administrator.
Over his career, he has

worked for Essex County Vocational Schools and as an Interim School

Business Administrator for numerous school districts,

most recently the Kearny Board of Education.
Currently, he is the

President and Educational Management Consultant with HRS Management

Services.
In addition to serving as an adjunct faculty member at Kean

University and Seton Hall University, Councilman Smith was an Associate

Vice President for Administration and Finance at Kean University and an

aide to New Jersey State Senator Robert Martin.
Prior to being elected

as a Councilman in 2017, he was a member of the Piscataway Board of

Adjustment, the Jefferson Township Planning Board, and served as the

President of the Jefferson Township Board of Education.
Additionally,

he currently serves as a Chairman of the Lake Hopatcong Commission.
A U.S. Army veteran, Councilman Smith received an honorable discharge

after serving from 1954 to 1956.
His dedication to his community and

country is reflected in his civic activities and professional

memberships, including leadership roles with the Association of School

Business Officials International and the New Jersey Association of

School Business Officials.
Councilman Smith's lifelong dedication to service and leadership has

left an indelible mark on the community.
I want to express my gratitude to Councilman Smith for his decades of

service and for the countless ways he has enriched the lives of others,

and I wish him the best for a well-earned and restful retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF JEFFERSON TOWNSHIP

COUNCIL PRESIDENT JAY DUNHAM

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Council

President Jay Dunham, who will retire at the end of this month after an

extraordinary 14 years of faithful and dedicated service as a

councilman in Jefferson Township.
Council President Dunham's commitment to public service is rooted in

a distinguished career that spans multiple industries and an unwavering

dedication to his community.
For 33 years, he worked for Verizon, and

he later served as the manager of the Mount Paul Retreat Center in

Jefferson prior to its sale, where he was in charge of a complex that

included a 68-room main building, a large lake, a dam, and a cemetery.
A veteran of the Vietnam War, Council President Dunham has continued

to advocate tirelessly for his fellow servicemembers.
He is a past

commander and current quartermaster for VFW Post 564, as well as a past

commander and current chaplain of American Legion Post 423.
His

leadership in these roles reflects his enduring dedication to his

fellow servicemembers who answered our Nation's call to service.
He has been an active member of the Milton First Aid Squad, the

Jefferson Township Historical Society, and the St. Thomas Church

finance committee.
Additionally, he is a founding member of the

Jefferson Township Veterans' Memorial Committee and has contributed his

time to civic organizations such as Jefferson Highlights and the

Jefferson Arts Committee.
Council President Dunham's lifelong dedication to service and his

leadership, vision, and unwavering commitment to the betterment of our

community has left an indelible mark on Jefferson Township.
I want to express my gratitude to Council President Dunham for his

decades of service and for the countless ways he has enriched the lives

of others, and I wish him the best for a well-earned and restful

retirement.