I recently had the privilege of visiting Fitzwaryn school, the only special school in my Oxfordshire constituency, to see the excellent care and education it provides.
Given the urgent need for more funding for additional special schools and to enable special schools   to spread their expertise to mainstream schools, what does the Prime Minister say to parents and education workers who are desperately worried by his Government’s decision announced last week to delay reforms to the special educational needs and disabilities system?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that.
I think the broken SEND system has been raised with me more frequently than any other issue at Prime Minister’s questions.
We need to review it because it is not working for any of those involved, particularly children and parents.
It is important that we get it right and, in so far as we can, that we get a consensus on how we go forward.
That is what we are attempting to do.
A fourth patient has entered the glioblastoma drug trial set up in memory of my late sister.
Today, we are joined by Ben Trotman, a patient of a similar trial in 2022 that was funded by the Jon Moulton foundation.
Since then, Ben has married Emily, and in March they welcomed beautiful baby Mabel.
When will the National Institute for Health and Care Research spend the £40 million given in 2017 for trials on brain tumours, or will glioblastoma patients always have to rely on the grief stricken or the philanthropist for life and hope?
I begin by paying tribute to my hon.
Friend’s sister Margaret, who was a guiding figure in the Labour party and left a powerful legacy in helping us to tackle brain cancer.
We are determined to improve cancer survival rates and hit all NHS waiting times in relation to cancer so that no patient waits longer than they should.
That is why we are investing £1.5 billion in new surgical hubs and diagnostic scanners to help deliver over 30,000 more procedures and over 1.2 million diagnostic tests.
I recently met about 20 independent local traders in Totnes who are furious that the last bank in town will close in January and that Link has refused to consider a banking hub.
My businesses and constituents—1,100 of them have signed a petition—deserve better.
The Prime Minister just told  the hon.
Member for Blyth and Ashington (Ian Lavery)  that a banking hub can be rolled out wherever a community needs one, so will he now back my campaign, ask his Ministers to write to Link and instruct it to grant a banking hub to Totnes, and review the eligibility of rural towns for such hubs so that we can keep our vital high streets alive?