None the less, I think we all know that the autumn Budget risks falling short of tackling the deep poverty and lack of opportunities that still scar far too many Welsh communities.
We need to tax income from wealth fairly, scrap the two-child limit and ensure that families have the support they need to cope with rising costs.
The Secretary of State tells me to wait for the Budget.
Perhaps she is therefore prepared, for once, to meet with me to discuss Plaid Cymru’s proposals for a fairer, more ambitious UK Budget that actually works for Wales.
Will she meet with me?
I am very happy to meet with the right hon.
Lady.
I thought so.
What recent discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on reducing the cost of living in Wales.
I have regular discussions with the Chancellor and Treasury Ministers on a wide range of issues, including the cost of living.
This Labour Government are on the side of working people.
That is why we have already taken action by increasing the national minimum wage and the national living wage for 160,000 workers across Wales.
We have frozen fuel duty and extended the warm home discount.
There is more to do, and we are determined to put more money into people’s pockets right across Wales.
A century of Labour taking the people of Wales for granted came crashing down last week with the sensational victory of Plaid’s Lindsay Whittle in Caerphilly, with Labour reduced to third place.
Why would anybody accept any more Labour, as Labour’s cost of living soars, its Westminster perma-crisis deepens, and 700,000 people in Wales live under its poverty prospectus?
The Secretary of State will not say what she is going to speak to the Chancellor about, but does she think the Chancellor is ready and willing to help the people of Wales?
The people of Wales feel abandoned by Labour over the last five decades.
I am not sure whether the hon.
Member has ever been to Caerphilly or even to Wales.
If he has, that is good; if he has not, he needs to be careful about   what he says about the people in Wales.
He absolutely does not know what he is talking about.
His party’s record in Scotland is nothing to boast about.
Nationalists will divide the United Kingdom, costing Wales £21.5 billion every single year.