Under the watch of the current Secretary of State, opportunities for young people are now unbelievably dire.
Despite what she says, unemployment is rising and employment is falling, and that situation is not good enough for the next generation in Wales.
Last week, my colleague, Darren Millar, who is the Conservative leader of the Senedd group, met the Welsh First Minister—does anyone know who that is?—offering to potentially support the Welsh Government’s budget, provided Labour Ministers agree to scrapping Welsh stamp duty.
That would help young people on to the property ladder in Wales, where it is the hardest to achieve that, and boost the Welsh economy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that she agrees with scrapping Welsh stamp duty?
If so, what measures is she taking to persuade Baroness Morgan of Ely to scrap the tax in Wales?
I am very glad that the hon.
Lady knows the name of the Welsh Conservative leader in the Senedd, because clearly her colleague the shadow Home Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , does not.
They must have ended their fight about who is the actual leader.
We are delivering for the people of Wales.
We have ended Tory austerity, and we have the largest budget settlement in the history of devolution, with nearly £5 billion extra to spend on public services over the next three years.
We are creating jobs, and we have increased the minimum wage and the national living wage for 160,000 Welsh workers.
We are fixing the foundations and the chaos that the hon.
Lady’s party left behind.
Allow me first to congratulate Lindsay Whittle on his seismic victory in Caerphilly.
In doing so, I pay tribute to the late Hefin David, whose service to his community was deeply respected.
As Mr Whittle has said: “He will be a hard act to follow.
I will never fill his shoes but I promise you I will walk the same path that he did”.
The result shows that people in Wales seek real change.
In her capacity as Secretary of State at the Wales Office, what is she doing to press the Labour Chancellor to include measures that benefit Wales in the autumn Budget?