(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if she will make a statement on the actions taken to secure the elimination of Hamas from Gaza and the preservation of the ceasefire.
The House will be aware of events over the past 24 hours in Rafah, including reports that Israeli strikes took place last night.
Estimates of the death toll vary, but the suggestion is that up to 100 people in Gaza have been killed.
We understand that these strikes followed an attack yesterday afternoon, where responsibility remains unclear.
As the Prime Minister said earlier, we echo the Americans in calling for urgent de-escalation and for all parties to keep the commitments they have made in the ceasefire agreement.
We are clear that Hamas must release the bodies of all remaining Israeli hostages.
The immediate priority is to ensure the unrestricted flow of aid into Gaza.
The Israeli Government must urgently lift restrictions on aid entering, and international non-governmental organisations must be permitted to operate in Gaza to provide the scale of support that is needed.
Civilians cannot wait.
This Government are working closely with our partners to do everything we can to support the transition from the ceasefire to phase 2 of the peace plan.
This includes the disarmament of Hamas, the deployment of a ceasefire monitoring mission, an international security force  and the implementation of transitional governance arrangements in Gaza.
We are clear that there can be no role for Hamas in the future governance of the strip.
In recent days, the Foreign Secretary has spoken to the UN Under-Secretary-General for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief co-ordination, Tom Fletcher, the Egyptian Foreign Minister and the Israeli Foreign Minister about the importance of opening more crossings and removing restrictions on aid.
As I told the House yesterday, the Foreign Secretary and I will be heading to the region shortly.
On 13 to  15 October , I co-hosted with the Egyptian Government and the Palestinian Authority the first conference to look at how we can leverage sustainable support to Gaza’s reconstruction.
Britain will continue to play our full part in support of the ceasefire and the wider peace initiative.
There is not a moment to lose to get relief at scale to those in need and to make progress on the pathway to a lasting peace.
The situation in Gaza is fragile.
We all want the ceasefire to hold and endure, and for it to transition into a sustainable end to the conflict, but that requires the terms of the ceasefire to be adhered to.
The scenes of masked Hamas gunmen carrying out summary executions is sickening.
Their continued hoarding and disruption of aid to starve Gazans is shocking.
Their refusal to disarm is disturbing, and their failure to return the bodies of the deceased hostages is distressing.
The hostages and their families deserve the dignity of a proper burial.
Their loved ones have already been through  terrible pain and suffering.
No more coffins should be released with the wrong remains.
This is a disgusting game that has to end immediately.
Can the Minister explain what pressure is being exerted on Hamas by the UK Government to ensure that they comply with the full terms of the agreement and release all the deceased hostages?
Yesterday it was reported that Hamas gunmen killed an Israel Defence Forces soldier, violating the ceasefire and leading to the targeted IDF action in response.
What is the Minister’s assessment of the threat that Hamas pose, and what practical steps is the UK taking to support the disarming and elimination of Hamas and the terrorist infrastructure in Gaza?
Yesterday, the Secretary of State told the House that “the UK has been proposing different ways in which we can help in the process of decommissioning and disarming Hamas, using expertise that we have built up over very many years.”—[Official
Report,  28 October 2025 ; Vol. 774, c. 150.]
Can the Minister now say what Britain’s specific role is?
This is a unique situation regarding Hamas, with terrorist infrastructure and threats funded by Iran across the region.
What actions are the Government taking to rebuild their relationship with Israel, given the important partnership that we have with Israel?
On aid, what steps are being taken to increase getting aid into Gaza?
Given the remarks by the US Secretary of State about the United Nations Relief and Works Agency and its role in Gaza, what discussions have taken place with the US Administration about UNRWA’s future and the implications for the UK following the Government’s decision to give it millions of pounds, despite knowing some of the risks?
We track events in Gaza incredibly carefully.
I do not intend to give the House a running commentary on each and every individual incident that takes place.
The situation remains volatile and messy.
I hope not to disappoint hon.
Members if I avoid giving very specific answers on very specific incidents.
Structures are now being put in place, including the Civil-Military Co-ordination Centre, which plays a role in seeking to verify the facts on the ground where we can.
That work obviously takes some time.
The UK is making a contribution to it, but I do not wish to get ahead of that process from the Dispatch Box.
What I will say is that we have been absolutely clear on the threat that Hamas poses to Palestinians, Israelis and the wider world.
That is why it is sanctioned as a terrorist organisation here.
We are taking a range of measures with our partners to work through the very complicated but necessary steps, whether that is about transitional governance in Gaza, the security arrangements that need to follow, the international security force, or a whole range of other questions.
I assure the shadow Foreign Secretary that we are deep in those discussions.
We have been having them over the last few days, and we will have them in the region, too.
This is an incredibly complex piece of work, and we remain very focused  on it.
Just quickly on aid, I would like to inform the House that there appears to have been quite a significant uprating of the aid going in, particularly through Kerem Shalom, which is welcome, but the House will know of the centrality of the other crossings, particularly Rafah and the Allenby bridge.
They are not yet fully open.
Aid  cannot therefore flow in the volumes that we would wish to see.
We continue to work with all our partners to try to see them reopen.