During the second world war, over 200 people were forced to leave their homes and give up their land in the Epynt when more than half of the community was taken for use by the Ministry of Defence.
The people of the Epynt understood why that sacrifice had to be made, but now, Bute Energy and its wealthy investment backers want to take the rest of the Epynt.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Epynt has already sacrificed enough, and will she work with me to defend the Welsh countryside from once again having its wealth extracted from it, with no benefit to local communities?
It sounds like the Liberal Democrats in Wales have the same position as Plaid Cymru.
Our priority is to drive growth, lower bills and create jobs for people through our new green energy revolution, including those in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
Investment in his constituency is something he should be welcoming.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on the adequacy of accommodation for asylum seekers in Wales.
We inherited a broken asylum system in absolute chaos from the Tories, with tens of thousands stuck in a system dependent on expensive asylum hotels.
We are committed to ending the use of hotels as asylum accommodation as soon as possible and before the end of this Parliament, as part of a controlled, managed and orderly programme.
Under the Welsh Labour Government, waiting lists, educational standards and opportunities for young people have all ground to an abrupt halt.
It is therefore shocking that the Welsh Labour Government   are not prioritising issues that would make a real difference to the people of Wales.
Instead, Labour Ministers, supported by Plaid Cymru, are ploughing tens of millions of pounds into their nation of sanctuary policy, which is believed to support services for some illegal immigrants.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that it is high time her colleagues scrapped this wasteful, non-devolved policy and instead focused their time on lowering NHS waiting times and improving standards?
It sounds like the hon.
Member does not agree with welcoming the thousands of Ukrainian refugees that the UK Government’s nation of sanctuary has supported.
The scheme has been used to welcome Ukrainian families fleeing from Russian aggression.
That is a cause that I understood her party supported.
I associate myself with the remarks of the leader of Plaid Cymru in paying tribute to Hefin David, my friend and colleague.
He was an amazing representative for Wales and a real warrior for those who are neurodivergent or find themselves on the margins of society.
I am delighted that Caerphilly is so popular today.
It seems that so many people who have either only visited several times, or not visited at all and have only read about it in the press, have become experts about my constituency.
I am also pleased that the Minister has raised the plight of Ukrainians who came to Wales to seek sanctuary, running from war, because if there was one downside to the by-election, it was the talk of asylum seekers being bad people—that they are all illegal and that they do not contribute anything.
Those who said such things should see the exhibition that was on at Caerphilly council and see what asylum seekers have contributed.
What message does the Minister have for those Ukrainians who are still seeking asylum in Wales?
We offer sanctuary for those who desperately need it, and we are proud of that, but we inherited contracts and a broken system from the Conservatives.
Hotel use has nearly halved since the last election, and we have removed 30,000 people who have no right to be here, ensuring that those who do need to be here have the welcome and support that they need.
It is not job done, but work in progress.
We can compare that with the 14 years of the Tory Government.