The Minister has already acknowledged that it is olive harvest season in the west bank—a harvest that supports approximately 100,000 farming Palestinians—yet we have seen more than 150 attacks by settlers against those farmers.
How are the Government holding the Israeli Government to account to stop those settlers acting with impunity?
As the hon.
Member rightly identifies, this is a period of particular danger.
We have repeatedly condemned the increase in violence that is associated with settlements, and we have made sanctions against that.
We will continue to make those points strongly in this harvest season as we did during the last.
All Members have been appalled by the scenes that emerged from Gaza in the wake of the ceasefire, showing Hamas executing people in the streets as they seek to reassert control over the area.
Does the Minister agree that such scenes simply reinforce that Hamas are nothing but terrorists and murderers, and that they must have nothing to do with the future governance of Palestine?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The scenes we have seen, which the shadow Foreign Secretary referred to, are chilling.
Hamas are terrorists and they can have no role.
The work to remove and disarm them will not be easy, but it is the vital and necessary next step.
Yesterday it emerged that Hamas do know where the bodies of the remaining hostages are, as video evidence emerged of them playing games with one body, removing it from a building, burying it, then bringing along the International Red Cross and pretending that they had found it and dug it up.
Do the Minister and the Government condemn that, and what more can they do with our international allies and the Gulf nations to put pressure and leverage on Hamas to return all the remaining bodies immediately?
The hon.
Member is right: Hamas must return all the bodies immediately.
We have made that point to our regional partners with force, and we will continue to do so.
The war crimes carried out by Israel last night, including the killing of 35 children, are a continuation of the horrors that we have seen over the last two years visited on the people of Palestine by a state led by Prime Minister Netanyahu, who is currently wanted for war crimes.
The Government rightly brought wide-ranging sanctions on Russia for its unlawful invasion of Ukraine and its war crimes, but is it the truth that unless there are real consequences for Netanyahu and Israel for these war crimes, they will carry on?
A lack of action and sanctions is giving the  green light and treating them with kid gloves, so is now the time for extensive widespread sanctions on Israel?
Why is Israel treated differently from Russia, and why is Netanyahu treated differently from Putin?
We have discussed sanctions in this House many times, including the three waves during my time in government, and including against two Ministers.
The priority now has to be to make the ceasefire work, to move to phase 2, and to get through all these incredibly important and complex questions, and that is the focus of this Government.
Over the past decade there has been a stark absence of diplomatic efforts to address the core issues of the conflict, and the continued advocacy for a two-state solution.
Civil society organisations have played a vital role during this time in entering that chasm.
Will the Minister outline how the Government are providing help to those organisations?
For example, will it be through the recently announced international fund for Israeli-Palestinian peace?
We remain focused on supporting the whole range of civil society.
The hon.
Member will be aware of some of the proposals in the Knesset, which we have opposed and to which I referred in my opening remarks.
We will continue to conduct that work and will have more to say about the fund she refers to in the coming days and weeks.
The ceasefire has been one of the few positive achievements in what has been an unending tale of misery, violence, and horrific suffering, and all those involved in achieving that ceasefire deserve the gratitude and recognition that has been received.
Now as Israel continues to kill Gazan children, and Hamas refuse to disarm, will the Minister reassure us that everyone involved in achieving a ceasefire in the US, the UK, and the middle east is equally concentrated and focused on keeping the peace and making the ceasefire work as a beginning of a peace process?
Can he further reassure us, given our recognition of Palestine, that the Palestinian voice will be heard?
I reassure the House that I am absolutely certain that everyone in the UK who is working on this is focused on ensuring that the ceasefire sticks in the way that my hon.
Friend describes.
Indeed, I can tell from our many contacts with the American system that they remain similarly focused.
They want this ceasefire to stick, and they are working to try to ensure that it does.
Will the Minister give assurances to the House that this Government are utterly committed, along with our international allies, to eradicating Hamas’s terrorist infrastructure, and that they will not cease until Hamas have been fully dismantled and obliterated, and the remains of those hostages murdered in captivity have been returned?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , we are committed to ensuring that those bodies are returned and that Hamas  are disarmed.
The infrastructure of Hamas is not just heavy weapons and small weapons, as has been the case in other conflicts; there is also a network of tunnels under Gaza that have posed a very significant threat to Israel.
Dismantling them is a difficult and complex engineering and military task, but it needs to be included as part of the process.
I strongly welcome the Minister’s commitment to work to support Chevening scholars to leave Gaza, particularly the decision to extend that support to students with full scholarships.
Will the Minister update the House on the latest steps that the Government have taken to support Gazan students who wish to study in the UK, particularly those I have been arguing about who have dependants who they understandably do not wish to leave in Gaza?
If you will permit me, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will say a little bit about the wider evacuation operations.
Evacuations have continued, including on Monday and Tuesday this week, both for students, who my hon.
Friend has been so doughty in pursuing, and for highly medically vulnerable children who can benefit from UK support.
That work continues, and I have been working alongside the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed) .
We have been able to help many people to get to the UK to transform their lives by getting vital medical assistance and educational opportunities, which I hope will allow all of them to make a real contribution to the future of Palestine.
The operations to get people in and out of Gaza have been incredibly complex, not least given the most recent closures.
I am afraid that there are very strict limits on how many dependants anyone can bring out.
We have made an update to our policy in relation to students who are fully funded, which says that we can support a very small number of dependants to leave.
I know that many hon.
Members with an interest in this have engaged with me directly, and I reiterate that these operations remain incredibly complex.
I am happy to talk to all hon.
Members who have an interest, but there is neither infinite capacity in the UK to support people, nor, even with our partners, unlimited capacity to get people out.
We have made an announcement and I pay tribute to the work of my hon.
Friend and many others across the House, but I wish to keep people’s expectations suitably focused on the very many constraints that remain on these operations.
Renewed violence in Gaza continues against a backdrop of unimaginable human suffering.
Millions remain in desperate need of food, water and medical supplies, yet aid convoys continue to face unacceptable obstacles.
The UN reported yesterday that many of the 177 aid trucks that entered Kerem Shalom were limited by congestion on coastal roads, in part because of damage to that aid route, meaning that they were forced to limit their supply of aid far below what was agreed.
As yet, aid routes are not fully open, but Gazans cannot wait any longer.
Aid restrictions should never have been there in the first place.
What specific pressure are the Government exerting on Prime Minister Netanyahu and the Israeli authorities to get the routes fully open and the aid in?
The hon.
Member asks an important question.
As I said earlier, it is welcome that there has been an increase in Kerem Shalom, but there is congestion too.
The UN, the private sector and a number of donors who are not using the UN are all trying to get aid through Kerem Shalom, so the congestion that she describes is perhaps to be expected.
It is vital that other routes, including the Allenby bridge with Jordan and the Rafah crossing, which has already been the subject of much discussion, reopen too.
We are working with our partners on these questions.
We want to see progress soon—I would like to see it in days—but this has proved to be more complex than I had hoped and talks are ongoing.
I place on record my thanks to the Minister for his tireless work on the issues in the middle east.
The devastation continues for Palestinian people living in Gaza, whether from the murderous intent of Hamas or from further strikes from Israel, which reportedly killed 104 people, including 46 children, overnight.
Alongside that, Gaza’s healthcare system has been decimated, and it is always women and girls who end up being the worst victims in such circumstances.
Does the Minister agree and will he update the House on how further aid can be directed to support women and girls in particular, and to rebuild healthcare systems in Gaza?
These are vital questions from my hon.
Friend, who I know has remained very focused on the issues.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend the Member for Glasgow South West, who has kindly joined me on the Front Bench, and I remain focused on the issues.
As access to Gaza becomes easier, as we all hope that it does, among the most urgent actions are ensuring that medical supplies, personnel and infrastructure are in place to meet the very significant needs of Gazan people.
We will continue to work closely on that.
Every day since the ceasefire took place, at least 20 Palestinians in Gaza have been killed by the IDF.
There have been numerous other breaches of the ceasefire and continued military activity in the west bank.
Will the Minister assure the House that Britain no longer flies RAF aeroplanes over Gaza, no longer co-operates with Israel on its security arrangements, and no longer supplies any weapons to Israel, because of its frequent breaches of the ceasefire and its continued abuse of the people of Gaza and the west bank?
I have set out our arrangements in relation to arms and the very significant suspensions that we made from the Dispatch Box a number of times—they remain in place.
The right hon.
Member asks about RAF flights; I think he refers to the RAF flights that were attempting to find hostages in Gaza.
Those flights have stopped.
The hostages have been released, so there is no further function for those flights and they have ended.
One crucial factor in achieving the current ceasefire was the unprecedented declaration at the end of July by all 22 members of the Arab League, calling on Hamas to release the hostages, lay down their arms and give up power in Gaza.
That was  hugely important in showing Hamas that they had run out of road.
What role do the UK and our partners have in influencing that declaration?
Does the Minister agree that our strong diplomatic relations, led by our excellent diplomats, have a positive impact?
I associate myself very much with my hon.
Friend’s comments.
He knows that neck of the woods well.
Our diplomats are excellent.
I was pleased to be in New York in July when the declaration he describes was made.
It was part of a declaration that included our own commitments in relation to the Palestinian state, which led to our recognition in September.
We all hope desperately for a just peace in Gaza.
I served alongside the Minister as a diplomat in the middle east and as a soldier.
Given that, I particularly welcome the proposed international security force, but it is essential that such a force includes troops from Arab countries and possibly from western countries too, in order to reassure the Israelis, and that it is there for the long term and ready to take casualties.
Will the Minister update the House on what progress there has been on the composition and the mandate of the potential force?
My friend the hon.
and gallant Member is right to focus on some of these practical questions.
He, like me, served in countries where peacekeeping forces were unable to keep the peace and unwilling to take casualties, and were therefore unable to fulfil their mandate.
These are some of the most central and most delicate questions around the ISF.
I hope he will forgive me for not giving a detailed commentary at this time, but I expect to return to the House to provide more detail when I am able.
There have been recent press reports that the Israeli Government have been arming factions within Gaza in order to destabilise Hamas.
Can the Minister comment on any of those reports?
What is the position of the British Government on that?
As I said earlier, I will not provide extensive commentary on reports, but clearly safety and security for Gazans will involve Palestinian authorities able to ensure law and order.
Those who have been living in Gaza have suffered terribly; there has been widespread looting and violence.
I am sure many will pore over the question of who those factions and criminals are and who is supporting them.
The key thing now is that security needs to return to Gaza, and that security cannot be provided by the masked Hamas gunmen that the shadow Foreign Secretary rightly referred to at the outset, so that work continues.