My hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Select Committee, is absolutely right.
Our pride in place programmes, the local growth fund, the city and growth deals, the investment zones and our freeports are all the result of having two Labour Governments working together for the benefit of everyone across Wales.
Taken together, they will boost the economy, draw in further investment, create thousands of jobs and raise living standards across Wales.
They demonstrate this Government’s commitment to growth—practical, visible, long-term investment that empowers local communities and delivers real benefits for them.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Welsh Government on the replacement of overhead pylons with underground cabling.
Overhead lines are much cheaper to build; according to the Institution of Engineering and Technology, undergrounding costs an estimated four and a half times more than overhead lines.
Overhead lines are also quicker to build, cause less environmental damage, and are much easier to maintain.
The cost of building this infrastructure is borne by electricity bill payers, and Plaid’s policy on undergrounding will not only increase bills, but suffocate the economic potential of Wales’s green industrial revolution.
My constituency is the location of two major infrastructure projects—a network of pylons of 97 km and 60 km, alongside 248 wind turbines that are 230 metres tall.
The cumulative impact of these projects is significant, occupying land that could support other development, and it remains unclear whether they will lower electricity bills or improve electricity connectivity for local households or businesses.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Welsh Government to ensure that those projects deliver genuine benefits for our communities?
I have heard what the hon.
Lady has said, but we do have a policy to ensure that communities that host clean energy infrastructure can directly benefit.
The new community funds guidance aims to improve the consistency and amount of funding for communities  that could be used for local projects.
Turning to bill discounts, we are introducing a scheme that will provide household discounts to those living closest to new and significantly upgraded transmission infrastructure projects.
I like my constituency neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Caerfyrddin (Ann Davies) , and Plaid wants to be taken seriously as a party of government, but it fails to recognise the importance of the role that renewable energy will play.
Does the Secretary of State agree with RenewableUK Cymru, which recently concluded that Plaid’s approach would cost jobs and investment in communities such as mine in Pembrokeshire?
Labour is the only party that is committed to investing in renewable energy, which will bring down bills and create thousands of jobs for people right across Wales.
Plaid and Reform are against renewable infrastructure, and Plaid and the SNP do not want nuclear—Plaid’s economy spokesperson in the Senedd is anti-nuclear.
Plaid is happy to see people pay higher bills, to spurn investment, and to see job opportunities slashed.