The Minister quite rightly said that Hamas must disarm and that there can be no place for Hamas in the future of Gaza, yet the White House appears to be licensing Hamas to conduct internal security operations.
What conversations is he having with his US counterparts to reconcile the UK position, which he clearly outlined, and that of the US?
As the right hon.
Member knows, disarmament is usually a process.
It takes time and requires serious and greatly complex technical work.
We want to ensure that Gaza is free of Hamas and that Hamas are disarmed.
That will take time, and it is the work that we and the Americans are engaged in.
Both in Gaza, where grassroots peacebuilders will face the immense task of reconciliation, and here at home, where debate has become dangerously polarised, the peace plan and the two-state solution remain the only credible path forward, and we must all be absolutely clear in condemning Hamas, who have no place in the future governance of a free Palestine, and the atrocities that Prime Minister Netanyahu’s far-right Government continue to commit.
Put simply, two wrongs do not make a right.
I urge the Minister to make a statement calling for unity at this fractious time.
There have obviously been innumerable wrongs in the region in recent months.
It is important that we now continue the work, move forward with the ceasefire into phase 2, and see the wider peace plan fully implemented.
Throughout these horrific two years, I have kept trying to make the case for the innocents—for the people who did not choose any of this and who are not responsible.
It is completely unacceptable that Hamas have not released all the bodies, and it is equally unacceptable that the Israeli authorities released 100 Palestinian bodies with just numbers.
What are the Government doing to help the Palestinian authorities to identify all the bodies that have been returned, in both Israel and Palestine, so that families can grieve and the dead can have the dignity that they deserve?
The hon.
Member speaks with personal experience, real force and a long track record on these issues.
My heart goes out to families on both sides.
Mortuary processes are difficult at the best of times; one can only imagine the agonies that they are facing.
We are not aware of specific requests for support in mortuary services, but if they are any, I am very happy to consider them.
Let us be clear: peace cannot exist under impunity.
Weeks into the ceasefire, Israel has once again bombed Gaza, killing over 100 Palestinians, including 35 children, as it continues its genocide.
Our Government have shamefully yet to reply more than a year and a half after the substantial ruling by the International Court of Justice, which made it absolutely clear that any Government who allow trade with Israel’s settlement economy are complicit in sustaining the illegal occupation of the Palestinian territories.
British companies continue to trade in goods and financial services with the settlements, undermining our obligations under international law.
When will the Government suspend the UK-Israel trade deal and end all trade linked to the settlements, or will the Minister continue to sit back and allow this complicity?
The hon.
Member refers to the ICJ advisory opinion.
I would not want the House to have the impression that the British Government have done nothing.
At the centre of that advisory opinion is the question of the status of the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We have been clear, subsequently, in recognising the status of that territory.
The hon.
Member raises important questions about the trade in goods with settlements.
We do not accept trade with settlements on the same basis as trade with Israel.
Where British companies are doing so, they are in breach of the trading arrangements, and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs will take an interest.
They must ensure that they know who they are trading with and in which territory.
If people in settlements wish to falsely label where the thing is produced, it is difficult—as a whole range of nations and states have found—for others to determine.
I know that the hon.
Member follows these issues closely.
He will no doubt be interested in the efforts of the Irish Government to try to pass exactly the kind of legislation that he is describing, and in the very many difficulties that they have encountered in so doing.
We are not in breach of our international obligations.
If he could point me to legislation that is in operation and does what he says, I would be grateful to see it, but I think this is one of those questions on which we must continue to work with our partners to ensure that the status of the Occupied Palestinian Territories—part of the Palestinian state—is understood by all.
Does the Minister agree that, on top of the absolute imperative of Hamas releasing the remaining hostage bodies and not only completely disarming but being removed from all governance in Gaza, there must be a widespread deradicalisation programme to undo the damage done by innocent children in Gaza being taught in their textbooks, some of which were funded through the UNRWA—an uncomfortable truth—to hate Israel and Jews?
That deradicalisation must happen too.
Much work has been done in recent months, including under this Government, in relation to the curriculum in Gaza, and I am aware of the concerns that have been raised.
The funding to UNRWA that we have provided, which the shadow Foreign Secretary referred to, included specific provision for ensuring that all reforms identified in the Colonna report, including on curricula, were followed through, and we continue to engage with UNRWA on those questions.
My colleagues have already asked about the current horror in Gaza, so I will pivot to the longer term.
Before this crisis, we saw decades of illegal settlements on Palestinian territory, so I welcomed the Government’s sanctions on extremist settlers and Israeli Ministers.
I do not want us to lose sight of that issue, so will the Minister consider what further steps he can take, including trade restrictions, to combat illegal settlements?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: there has been a significant increase in settlements and in violence associated with those settlements.
This is a continued problem, and we will continue to work at it, alongside our partners, to try to see that terrible trend reversed.
I get the impression that the Minister shares my despair at what feel like constant impediments to real progress that are being put in place by the impunity of both Hamas and of Benjamin Netanyahu’s genocidal regime.
The United States of America has indicated that Israel’s response last night was proportionate, and it backed the action.
I am curious: is that view shared by His Majesty’s Government?
For the reasons I gave earlier, I am reluctant to be drawn into a day-by-day commentary on the actions of both sides.
What is key is that we keep the ceasefire going, and that is what the Americans have been clear is still in place.
This is going to be difficult.
The events of the last 24 hours have been difficult, and I am sure that we will have further difficult days ahead.
This is not a straightforward path, and if the right hon.
Gentleman doesn’t mind, I will not be drawn on an individual instance today.
It is now 19 days since  10 October , and there are still hostage families who cannot grieve for a loved one, and still people starving in Gaza because there is not enough aid, and now we are seeing the west bank deteriorate.
In the last 24 hours, Vice-President Vance has argued that “skirmishes” are somehow inevitable.
With the greatest will in the world, the death of 35 children and possibly more is not a “skirmish”.
If the international community can do anything, it is to be involved in the detail of ensuring that the ceasefire holds.
If the Minister will not tell us what the Government’s response is, will he at least say what possible justification the Israelis have given for the latest incident?
I do not wish to spend too much time at the Dispatch Box repeating the statements of others.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend, who follows this issue closely, will have seen what the Israeli Government provided as justification, the statements from Hamas denying that they were involved in the shooting in Rafah, and the considerable uncertainty that has surrounded some of those events.
The key question for the British Government is whether or not we think the ceasefire can hold, and whether we think we can make all the progress, that my hon.
Friend describes, on reopening the aid crossings, disarming Hamas, and transitional governance arrangements.
I am not for one second taking away from the gravity of these incidents—lives have been lost, children have been killed—but the role  that stands before the British Government at the moment is to ensure that the ceasefire does not break down.
That does not mean that we do not get into the detail.
We have a major general in the Civil Military Co-ordination Centre who is part of the efforts to ensure that when violence and threats to the ceasefire occur, we understand the who and the why, but I will not give a running commentary from the Dispatch Box until we are in a position to do so.