We come to the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself with what the Prime Minister said about Jamaica, and indeed all the islands and countries affected by Hurricane Melissa?
Our thoughts and prayers are with them all.
I am sure the whole House will also want to join me in paying tribute to Prunella Scales.
I suspect I am not the only Member of the House with a “Fawlty Towers” DVD box set.
She will be greatly missed.
Across Europe, in countries like Poland, Germany and France, we have seen evidence of dangerous Russian political interference.
Last month, the former leader of a major party in Wales pleaded guilty to taking bribes to make pro-Russian statements.
The evidence shows that Nathan Gill was a close confidant of the current Reform party leader for years.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that it is time we had an in-depth investigation into Russian meddling and money in British politics?
I join in the right hon.
Member’s comments on Prunella Scales.
On the question of Russian interference, it is a serious problem in countries across Europe, including in our country, where it is a constant threat.
For NATO allies, the conflict in Ukraine and dealing with Russian aggression is the No. 1 issue.
That is why I have to say the Reform party would be an absolute disaster for our defence.
We are a trusted member of NATO; we would not be a trusted member if we were Putin-friendly.
We are leading the coalition of the willing, giving security and comfort to 30 other countries.
That would collapse under Reform because it is Putin-friendly, and it would be a real threat to our defence and our security.
I am grateful for the Prime Minister’s reply, and I agree with him on Ukraine, but I do hope he will look to have an investigation into this Russian interference in our politics.
Last week, I questioned how the Prime Minister can accept the damage of Brexit while refusing to do anything meaningful about it.
The damage is clear, with the Financial Times reporting that lower productivity growth alone has blown a £20 billion black hole in the public finances—just part of the Brexit black hole that the Conservatives and Reform will not apologise for.
Last week, he rejected my plan for a new customs union, so can I ask him what action he will take to change the Brexit deal, or is he just planning to complain about it?
The right hon.
Member must have overlooked the fact that there was a UK-EU summit earlier this year, in which there were 10 strands to the change that we have already agreed in relation to the relationship with the EU, including closer trading relationships and closer work on defence and security; that is an iterative process that we will continue into next year.
But he is absolutely right about the botched deal of the last Government and the damage that has done to our economy.
We are just seeing some of the figures coming through in relation to that.
That is one of the factors behind the way they crashed the economy.
Football is a game based on fairness, yet brilliant clubs that unite communities every week, like Hartlepool, are being held back by a fundamental unfairness.
The 3UP campaign—backed by 72 national league clubs, including Hartlepool United, and championed by Hartlepool legend Jeff Stelling—seeks to grant a third promotion place from the national league to league two.
This simple change would be transformational for these historic  clubs, many of which are over a century old.
While I accept Arsenal may never directly benefit from such a change, does the Prime Minister agree that this campaign to put football first would help the new football regulator to protect club heritage, ensure stability, and put fairness and fans back at the heart of our game?
Can I start by wishing Hartlepool United the best for this season?
My hon.
Friend will appreciate that the structure of the leagues is a matter for the leagues themselves, but I commend his campaign and everything that he is putting behind it.
I also pay tribute to the staff, fans and players of Sheffield Wednesday at this difficult time.
We have delivered the Independent Football Regulator to stand up for fans and to make sure that clubs have fit and proper owners.
The Conservatives used to support that, but now they  oppose it.