The big four banks have been allowed to abandon our high streets, basically closing their branches with impunity.
Between 1999 and 2025, my constituency alone lost banks in Guide Post, Newbiggin-by-the-Sea, Bedlington and Blyth.
Meanwhile, those banks made more than £40 billion profit in the last year alone—they are absolutely drowning in cash.
The manifesto pledge to roll out 350 banking hubs is to be welcomed, but its quirky—almost bizarre—qualifying criteria need detailed revision.
Will the Prime Minister commit to a wholesale review of personal face-to-face banking, which would enable local residents and businesses, alongside many vulnerable people, to access their own money in their own time on their own high street?
I know how important face-to-face banking is on our high streets.
As my hon.
Friend says, we have committed to rolling out 350 banking hubs across the United Kingdom, and over 180 are already open.
However, I want to reassure him that 350 is not the limit; although decisions over hubs are taken independently, they can be rolled out wherever a community needs one.
I am happy to make sure the relevant Minister follows up with details for him.
I am proud that the last Government introduced the triple lock, and we have committed to keeping it.
Order.
The problem is, one or two of you are trying to catch my eye.
If we don’t get through this, you won’t get a chance.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The triple lock was a great achievement of the previous Government, and we will be keeping it.
From April, pensioners with private pensions as low as £2 a month will be paying income tax for the first time.
At last year’s Budget, the Chancellor was clear that extending the freeze on personal allowances would breach Labour’s manifesto commitment.
Will the Prime Minister prove the media speculation wrong, keep his promise and guarantee that there will be no extension to the freeze on personal allowances?
The freeze was introduced by them.
That is why it is coming in next year.
The hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy), when he was an official, produced a devastating report on the Home Office.
Reading it, it shows a Department characterised by disarray and defeatism.
There have been 12 Home Secretaries over the past 30 years.
Some were better than others, but none managed to get the Department to deliver the services that people should be able to expect in this country.
Will the Prime Minister give the new Home Secretary the necessary resources and policy interventions to ensure that she can be successful?
Yes.
She is bearing down on the challenges at the Home Office—most of them inherited from the last Government.
We will make the changes necessary, and I have every confidence in the Secretary of State to do so.