The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 29 October.
The scenes of destruction emerging from Jamaica are truly shocking.
Both the Foreign Secretary and I have been in close contact with our Jamaican counterparts in recent days to offer the UK’s full support.
I can update the House: HMS Trent and specialist rapid deployment teams are pre-positioned in the region, and we stand ready to provide humanitarian support.
Awaab Ishak died five years ago from a respiratory condition caused by exposure to black mould in his flat in Rochdale.
He was just two years old.
No child should grow up without the safety and security of a decent home.
For far too long, millions of people have lived at the mercy of rogue landlords and insecure contracts.
Labour is ending that.
Despite the best efforts of the Tories and Reform, who voted against it, our Renters’ Rights Act 2025 is now law, including Awaab’s law.
Fighting for working people: that is the difference that a Labour Government make, and on that issue, this Government have secured the biggest deal to manufacture Typhoon fighter jets in this country for almost 20 years.
We secured that deal because the UK is back as a leading and trusted member of NATO.
That is a timely reminder for the Green party, whose policy is to take us out of NATO; for the Putin-friendly Reform party, which would have no standing with NATO; and for the Leader of the Opposition, because you do not win NATO deals by not turning up to NATO summits.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about supporting Jamaica.
Across our country, and in Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, off-road bikers are a menace.
They tear up our environment, and turn our streets into racetracks.
After years of Tory cuts, Gwent police are now tackling that.
Does the Prime Minister agree that police forces, and communities such as mine, are seeing the difference that Labour can make in power?
I share my hon.
Friend’s determination that everyone should feel safe and secure in their community.
Neighbourhood policing was decimated by the Conservative party, and we are restoring it with 3,000 extra officers by spring.
We are also giving them the powers that they need, including tough new respect orders that allow the police to seize and destroy vehicles within 48 hours.
The Tories walked through the  Lobby, with Reform, to vote against our Crime and Policing Bill.