I note that it takes three women to take me on now, but  I very much welcome the Ministers to their places.
Charles Rees, a fifth-generation Pembrokeshire farmer, has bravely and moving shared his battle with cancer on the BBC’s “Countryfile”, and I know this House will send him and his family our best wishes.
His illness is not his only worry; he is also seriously concerned that his son, who is running his farm, could now be facing an unaffordable inheritance tax bill of £1 million, solely due to this Government’s catastrophic family farm tax.
Despite Ministers saying differently, Charles and many other farmers across the country are fearing for their  livelihoods, their way of life, their futures, and for food security.
Will the Government scrap the family farm tax?
I reiterate that our reforms mean that the majority of those claiming the relief will not be affected.
As confirmed by the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wallasey (Dame Angela Eagle) , there will be no change and no U-turn on inheritance tax.
This policy strikes a fair balance and is fixing our public finances, after the chaos that the Tories left, while protecting our rural communities.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increasing economic growth in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increasing economic growth in Wales.
Economic growth is the No. 1 priority for this Government.
The UK was the fastest growing economy in the G7 in the first half of this year.
Wages are up, inward investment is up, inactivity is down on the year and interest rates are down.
This Labour Government are delivering for working people all across Wales and the United Kingdom.
It is brilliant that last month a total of £214 million was invested in communities across Wales as part of the Government’s pride in place scheme.
In my patch, I was delighted that earlier this year Scarborough was awarded £20 million through the plan for neighbourhoods.
These initiatives will give local people the power to decide how funding will transform our towns.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on how funds such as these will boost local economic growth and restore pride in our communities?
Through the pride in place initiative, we are putting power and resources directly into the hands of local communities, from Conwy to Carmarthenshire, giving them the ability to decide the priorities that matter most and the funding to pay for visible and lasting change.
In Wales, 14 communities will benefit from £20 million of investment, alongside a further £34.5 million benefiting every single local authority across Wales.
Together, the investments will help revitalise high streets and improve public spaces and community facilities, which is a central part of our mission to boost the economy and break down barriers to opportunity.
As the MP for the centre of London, including Paddington station, I know how interconnected our countries and our economies are.
In stark contrast to the nationalist parties of Reform and Plaid Cymru, the Labour Government are focused on job creation.
Will the Secretary of State update us on the impact of Plaid Cymru’s damaging independence plans?
Plaid Cymru’s disastrous plans for independence will cost Wales £21.5 billion every year— over £11,000 for every working-age person in Wales  or over £7,000 for every adult and child in Wales, every   single year.
The people of Wales deserve to know what public services Plaid Cymru will cut or what taxes it would raise to pay for its divisive, separatist plans?
It is not just farmers but lots of other family businesses who are terrified for their future.
Under the business property relief, a company worth £20 million would have to pay £4 million in tax, yet that responsibility falls not on the business but the person who inherits it, so they will have to extract another £4 million to pay that tax, crippling family businesses, crippling investment and hurting growth in Wales.
That is true, is it not?
It is certainly not.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard of tax planning, and so will the people he has been talking about.
Investment is up in Wales and we have had record inward investment in Wales, with a 23% increase on the previous financial year and a 30% increase in jobs created.
The UK was the fastest growing economy in the G7 in the first half of this year.
Businesses are growing, developing and creating jobs under this Government.