Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor a dedicated public servant, loving wife and mother, champion for America's Military Families, and a distinguished member of this body, Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
Earlier this year, Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers announced that she would not seek re-election to return to the House of Representatives and, in turn, would be stepping down as the co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Military Family Caucus.
Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers cares deeply about our Nation's veterans and Military Families because of her background as a military spouse and parent.
In 2006, she married her husband, Brian Rodgers, a U.S. Naval Commander, and her experiences as the spouse of a U.S. servicemember empowered her to become a strong champion for America's Military Families who often face unique challenges as they live and work in and around military installations in the United States and across the globe.
When our servicemembers enlist in the Armed Forces, they must relocate to military installations--often with their spouses and young children.
On base, military spouses and children must quickly navigate a new landscape which can pose challenges: new housing, new schools, seeking employment, and sometimes even moving abroad.
After recognizing these same challenges in my district, serving as the Member of Congress representing U.S. Army servicemembers and their families at Fort Moore, Georgia--Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers and I joined together in 2009 to form the bipartisan Congressional Military Family Caucus.
For the past 15 years, I have been honored to serve alongside the Congresswoman as her co-chair.
Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers record of public service is historic and worthy of admiration.
Growing up, she worked at the family orchard and fruit stand in Kettle Falls, Washington.
In 1994, she won a special election to serve in the Washington House of Representatives, faithfully serving her district for 11 years, including 1 year as House Minority Leader before successfully running for the United States Congress.
During her third term in Congress, McMorris Rodgers was elected by the House Republican Conference as the Vice Chair, and she would hold this role for four years before becoming only the second woman to serve as Chair of the Republican Conference from 2013 and 2019.
In January 2021, McMorris Rodgers became the first woman to serve as the top Republican on the powerful House Energy and Commerce Committee as Ranking Member, and in 2023 becoming Chair.
Chair McMorris Rodgers has been a leader on countless issues affecting the American people including emerging technologies, strengthening rural communities, helping to strengthen American energy resiliency and independence, and Every year since we founded the Congressional Military Family Caucus, Co-chair McMorris Rodgers and I have hosted the Military Family Caucus Summit--alternating between Fairchild Air Force Base in Spokane, Washington, and Fort Moore in Georgia in order to give the members of America's Armed Forces, their spouses, and their children an opportunity to hear from Department of Defense leaders and subject matter experts, share their experiences and challenges, and bring forward policies that improve the quality of life for our Military Families around the world.
Over the past 15 years, the Caucus has brought to the forefront numerous issues that affect our servicemembers and Military Families.
Together, we have tackled issues such as food insecurity, medical care, spousal employment, family relocation challenges, childcare, and so much more.
But we cannot tackle these issues without community input.
The Caucus has been very successful in bringing together our Military Families and veterans, veteran service organizations, Blue Star Families, Chambers of Commerce, community activists, and more so that we can have the robust discussions that these important issues deserve.
On a personal note, I will greatly miss Cathy's partnership and friendship on the Congressional Military Family Caucus, and she certainly has big shoes to fill as co-chair.
During our time together in Congress, I have been inspired by her advocacy on behalf of individuals with disabilities, her dedication to our veterans and Military Families, and her commitment to statesmanship and bipartisanship in the United States Congress.
And while the Congressional Military Family Caucus will continue on after her retirement, I look forward to joining her for our last Congressional Military Family Caucus Summit together in Spokane this August.
Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers has accomplished so much in her life, and this was made possible by the grace of God and the love and support of her husband, Brian, as well as their three children--Cole, Grace, and Brynn.