Title: INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME RULE ACT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
116

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE COMMISSION OF FINE ARTS DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOME

RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Commission of Fine

Arts District of Columbia Home Rule Act.
This bill would remove the

authority of the Commission of Fine Arts (CFA) over non-federal real

property in the District of Columbia.
Under presidential executive orders (EOs) and federal law, the CFA

has review authority for D.C.-owned parks and buildings, as well as for

certain private land in D.C. Under EOs, the CFA has review authority

for the design of D.C.-owned parks and buildings.
Under the Shipstead-

Luce Act, the CFA has review authority for the design of private

buildings in D.C. ``adjacent to public buildings and grounds of major

importance,'' such as Rock Creek Park and the Potomac riverfront.
Under

the Old Georgetown Act, the CFA has review authority for the design of

private buildings in the part of Georgetown referred to as ``Old

Georgetown'' in the act.
The federal government, including the CFA, whose members are

appointed by the President, should not have any authority over D.C.

land-use policies and decisions unrelated to the federal presence.
Not

only is the federal government's authority over D.C. buildings and

private property a violation of home rule, it also delays and increases

the cost of public and private development in D.C.

This bill is an important step to increase home rule for D.C. I urge

my colleagues to support it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING JON C. TELLER

HON.
DEREK TRAN

Mr. TRAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a loving

husband, devoted father, award-winning attorney, and good friend, Jon

C. Teller.
Jon, a pinnacle in the Los Angeles trial attorney community,

passed away much too soon this month after a courageous battle with

cancer.
Jon was a celebrated Senior Trial Attorney at Wilshire Law Firm,

known for his dedication to fighting large insurance corporations and

holding them accountable.
His excellent work at Wilshire led to his

nomination for both Attorney of the Year by Consumer Attorneys of

California in 2020, and Trial Lawyer of the Year by Consumer Attorneys

Association of Los Angeles in 2022 and 2023.
Perhaps most importantly,

Jon maintained a reputation as someone who cared for those around him,

always finding time to mentor fellow attorneys and share his knowledge

and expertise.
Jon believed that assisting fellow trial attorneys would

help the most injured people receive the justice they deserved, and he

dedicated his life to that belief.
Jon was also a beloved husband and father and is survived by his wife

Rachie and their children Jordan, Nicky, and Ally.
I have requested the

United States flag to be flown over our Nation's Capital in recognition

of Jon's life and contributions to his community.
Jon will be dearly

missed by his friends and family, and his legacy will continue in the

minds of everyone who met him.