Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of the life and legacy of Norman G. Sanborn, a World War II veteran and active volunteer who was a friend to many in New Hampshire.
A native Granite Stater, Norman lived a life of service from his time in uniform through the last several decades as an advocate for his fellow veterans.
Today I want to recognize Norman's clear commitment to his community and his country, and extend my sincere condolences to his family, friends, and large network of loved ones.
Born and raised in Rochester, Norman spent his life in service to our state and nation.
In 1945, at the age of 16, Norman left high school to join the Merchant Marines, sailing through dangerous waters on cleanup missions as the War came to a close.
Upon returning to New Hampshire, Norman met his wife Ruth and together they raised their three children.
For many years Norman was an effective and experienced car salesman, working at a number of dealerships in the region.
In his retirement Norman became an advocate for veterans, spending his days educating school children on World War II, visiting veterans in local nursing homes, and hosting his very own television broadcast interviewing fellow servicemembers.
As a member of many fraternal and veteran organizations, including the American Legion and the Knights of Columbus, Norman deepened his community ties, cultivating lasting relationships with his neighbors.
While we can never fully repay our debt of gratitude to Norman, we recognize his commitment to service and immeasurable impact on our state.
Today as we remember Noman's life, we celebrate his commitment to supporting those around him.
I commend Norman for his deep sense of duty to our state and country, and I want to once more offer my sincere condolences to his family and loved ones.
I enjoyed our conversations and his sense of humor every time I would visit the New Hampshire Veterans Home in Tilton.
Norman's compassion and purpose for which he served, to better the lives of those around him, is an inspiration to all who knew him.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional District, I thank Norman for his unwavering sense