Ms. DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to join the New Haven community in mourning the loss of the Reverend Juan Martinez.
At the age of 94, Reverend Martinez lived a full life, full of family, faith, and service to our community.
His legacy of advocacy and religious leadership has left an indelible mark and will serve as an inspiration to many for generations to come.
Born in Puerto Rico, Reverend Martinez came to New Haven more than six decades ago, eventually making a home in West Haven where he has lived for more than fifty years.
He and his first wife, Persida, raised six children, all of whom have mirrored their father's commitment to community.
His son, John, was a beloved State 
Representative for many years before his tragic passing in 2002; Joe a firefighter for the City of New Haven; and Ariel, followed his father in becoming a pastor himself.
His daughter, Evelyn, volunteered her time as a supervisor and site coordinator for the Vita Tax Program.
A Pentecostal Minister, Reverend Martinez founded the Door of Salvation Pentecostal Church of New Haven where he led the congregation for more than sixty years.
As a spiritual guide, he nourished the souls personal trials.
A leader in the Pentecostal ministry and understanding the growing need for Spanish language led houses of worship, Reverend Martinez was also responsible for the establishment of a multitude of Spanish speaking churches across the state.
As a pastor, Reverend Martinez had a unique insight into the needs of his community.
With many in his congregation struggling to find financial and economic security, he looked for ways he could make a difference in their lives.
This led him to serve on several local service organization boards including the City of New Haven Crossroads Program, the Hill Health Center, and the Latino Youth Development Program.
Always seeking to do more for his community, Reverend Martinez founded the New Life Corporation, an organization formed to aid communities and residents with financial and tax assistance; co-founded the Evangelical Spanish Association of New Haven, which assisted the inner city with low-income housing; and was instrumental in the development of Junta for Progressive Action, the oldest Latino, community-based nonprofit organization in New Haven which began as an advocacy hub to address the needs of Greater New Haven first generation of migrants and has grown to offer no-cost social services, legal services, immigration services, adult education, and youth programs to over 2,000 low-income individuals annually.
As a respected leader in his community, local elected officials often sought his advice and counsel.
When I first decided to run for Congress, Reverend Martinez was one of my earliest supporters.
He introduced me not only to his congregation but also several others across the City.
He and his family embraced me, and I have cherished the special friendship we have built over the years.
I, like so many others, have and will continue to be inspired by Reverend Martinez--his compassion, advocacy, and commitment to bettering our community and improving the quality of life for all.
Today we mourn the loss of a giant--a spiritual guide, a community leader, a friend, and mentor.
Reverend Juan Martinez will be deeply missed by all of those fortunate enough to have known him.
I extend my deepest sympathies to his wife and partner, Maria, as well as his children; Ariel, Joe, and Persida; and his four beloved grandchildren, Elias, Alexandra, Jonothan, and Priscilla.
His legacy will live on through them and the countless lives he touched.