He also serves on the NCAA Division III

Board of Governors to help student athletes grow their academic and

athletic character.
The Greene County Chamber of Commerce awarded President Lee the

Distinguished Service Award to recognize his contributions to the

university and community.
President Lee lives out his faith as an elder

at his church, a board member of several local charities, and a loving

husband and father.
Mr. Speaker, President Lee leads a life of integrity and service He

inspires all members of the Waynesburg University community to pursue a

life of leadership and purpose.
On behalf of the people of

Pennsylvania's 14th Congressional District, I congratulate President

Douglas G. Lee on this remarkable anniversary and look forward to

Waynesburg University's continued success under his leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ERVAD ZARIR F. BHANDARA

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Zarir F. Bhandara, a

resident of Irvine and Ervad of the Zoroastrian Temple in the City of

Orange, for his dedication to inspiring his community with his

spiritual leadership.
Ervad Bhandara has dedicated his life to promoting the message of the

Zoroastrian founding prophet, Zarathustra, through prayers, religious

classes, and pastoral services.
As a leader of the Zoroastrian

community, Ervad Bhandara provides his communities in Orange and Irvine

with support, guidance, mentorship, and motivation.
During COVID-19, Ervad Bhandara served his community by visiting

hospitals and providing food, counseling, and financial assistance to

those in need.
As a way to keep his community connected during trying

times, Ervad Bhandara live-streamed prayers with messages of Peace,

Unity, Harmony, and Hope, reaching hundreds of people quarantining at

home.
Since 2020, Ervad Bhandara has donated his platelets and plasma

over 545 times, helping save over 1,635 American lives.
He leads by

example to spread the messages of service and sacrifice for our great

country.
Please join in recognizing Ervad Bhandara's unparalleled selflessness

and humanitarian services to his community.
His compassion has helped

make a positive difference in the lives of countless people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVEREND DR.
ANTHONY L. RILEY

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with the people of St. Louis to honor

the outstanding tenure of Reverend Dr. Anthony L. Riley.
Rev. Riley has

served as Senior Pastor at Central Baptist Church for five years.
As a historically Black church in the St. Louis community, Central

Baptist Church has a rich 178-year-old history.
Rev. Riley has made his

mark as the church's fourteenth senior pastor.
He formerly served as

Executive Pastor for the Luke Church in Texas, where he provided

leadership to staff, associate ministers, and diaconate.
As a devoted father and dedicated pastor to the congregants of

Central Baptist Church, Rev. Riley has consistently answered the call

of public service.
In 2022, Rev Riley earned his Doctorate of Ministry

degree in Leadership and Preaching at Virginia Union University's

School of Theology.
Within his education and ministry, Rev. Riley has

strived to establish holistic practices for the next generation of

ministers.
His goal of teaching and unifying our communities of faith

distinguishes him as a leader for all people.
Rev. Riley truly embodies the principles of love, dignity, service,

and humility that define the characteristics of a successful leader in

ministry.
On behalf of Missouri's First District, I congratulate Rev.

Riley on his five-year anniversary and thank him for his continued

commitment to service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF AUDREY BURGETTE

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today

to commemorate the life of Mrs. Audrey Burgette.
Mrs. Audrey lived a

life of selflessness, service, and desire to better her community.
There are individuals whose impact transcends time, leaving an

indelible mark on those fortunate enough to have known them.