Her legacy lives on through her three

grandchildren, Carrie Nicole Randle, Langston Colin Taylor Burgette and

Brandon Byron Hays; and one great-granddaughter, Nya Simone Payne.
Carrie Nicole holds a master's degree and is pursuing a doctorate.
In the community, Audrey was an active member of the Kansas City

Chapter of the National Association of Business and Professional

Women's Clubs, Inc., for which she was an officeholder and served on

several committees.
She was also a charter member of the Kansas City

Chapter of the Association for the Study of Afro-American Life and

History, which was established in 1979 by the Black Archives of Mid-

America, Inc. Later in life, she added entrepreneur to her list of

endeavors--she owned and operated a successful small business, the

Stuart House of Maids.
Her relationship with Christ was a central force in her life with one

ultimate goal: to give Jesus the glory.
She was a member of Liberty's

St. Luke A.M.E. Church, and later found her spiritual home at the Unity

Church of New Life in Kansas City.
She also wanted her children to put

Jesus first . . .
every Christmas Eve, her family would celebrate by

holding a birthday party for Jesus with a cake with one candle, singing

Happy Birthday to him, making sure they knew the real meaning of

Christmas.
In 1986, the Urban League of Greater Kansas City's Black Family

Recognition Committee honored the Burgette-Stapleton Family as a Model

Black Family, recognizing them for their ``sterling qualities or

support, love, sharing, stability, nurturing, and the ability to

overcome adversity.''
Tragically, Audrey's life was cut short by cancer at the age of 62.
Her passing left a void in the hearts of all who knew her, but her

spirit of love, laughter, and dedication to education continues to

inspire all who were touched by her presence.
Her unwavering support

for her family and community endures--a shining example of the

transformative power of a life lived with purpose, perseverance, and

passion

As we remember Audrey June Burgette, we honor her trailblazing

spirit, her commitment to education, and her profound impact on all of

those whose lives she touched As Audrey herself said in a letter to her

daughter in 1983, ``Remember to love all people, places, things, and

mainly yourself.
With love you need nothing else, but without it you

have nothing else.''
Mr. Speaker, let us rise today and honor Audrey's

life and legacy.
May her memory continue to inspire future generations

to embrace challenges with courage to pursue their dreams with

determination, and to always strive for excellence in all endeavors.
Audrey June Brigette, a pioneer in education and a mother

extraordinaire, will forever hold a special place in our hearts and in

local history.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO CLARIFY CERTAIN DUE PROCESS RIGHTS OF FEDERAL

EMPLOYEES SERVING IN SENSITIVE POSITIONS

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill to clarify certain

due process rights of federal employees serving in sensitive positions.
This bill would overturn an unprecedented federal court decision,

Kaplan v. Conyers and MSPB, that stripped many federal employees of the

light to independent review of an agency decision removing them from

their jobs on grounds of ineligibility.
The case was brought by two

Department of Defense (DOD) employees, Rhonda Conyers, an accounting

technician, and Devon Northover, a commissary management specialist,

who were permanently demoted and suspended from their jobs after they

were found to be no longer eligible to serve in noncritical sensitive

positions.
In 2014, the Supreme Court declined to hear the case, which

allowed the decision to stand.
This bill is cosponsored by

Representative Andre Carson.
Specifically, the decision prevents federal employees who are

designated as ``noncritical sensitive'' from appealing to the Merit

Systems Protection Board if they are removed from their jobs.