However, due to financial difficulties, he was unable to complete his

studies and returned to teach in Warren County.
Thereafter, he became interested in the Episcopal Church and was the

fist student at Saint Stephen's Normal and Industrial School (later

Bishop Payne Divinity School) in Petersburg, VA.
He dedicated himself

to uplifting his community and worked among Zion Union members in

Brunswick County.
His tireless efforts included the establishment of

schools, senior housing, and the founding of Saint Paul's College in

1888.
Through his leadership, thousands of African American youth were

empowered to pursue education, becoming beacons of progress across the

Commonwealth.
Despite closing its doors in 2013, James Solomon Russell's indelible

mark at Saint Paul's College is kept alive at the James Solomon

Russell--Saint Paul's College Museum and Archives in Lawrenceville,

Virginia.
I commend the James Solomon Russell Commemoration Committee

and the Saint Paul's College Museum Committee for spearheading the

community effort to open the museum to the public in 2019.
Moreover, I extend my deepest appreciation to the Smithsonian

Institution's National Museum of African American History and Culture

Robert F. Smith Center for the Digitization and Curation of African

American History.
Their collaboration with the James Solomon Russell--

Saint Paul's College Museum and Archives is invaluable.
The Center's

expertise in archiving and digitizing historical records ensures that

Russell's story, along with the rich

history of Saint Paul's College, remains accessible to future

generations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONONNG DR.
RONALD VAUGHN AND HIS EXCEPTIONAL CAREER

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career

and service of Dr. Ronald Vaughn, president of the University of Tampa.
Throughout his 28 years of leadership with the University of Tampa, Dr.

Vaughn has lifted students, faculty, the university, and the Tampa Bay

community.
He spearheaded a remarkable turnaround for the university

and leaves UT ranked among the best medium-sized private universities

in America.
Dr. Vaughn's remarkable career, his lifelong commitment to education,

and exceptional stewardship of the University of Tampa have propelled

the school into being an academic powerhouse.
During his tenure as

president, the school's academic offerings and footprint grew into the

dynamic, community-connected institution that we are proud of today.
Dr. Vaughn embraced the history of the historic Tampa Bay Hotel, Plant

Hall and the iconic minarets and infused the university with life and

amenities for students including an expanded campus with 71

construction projects completed or underway and investments worth a

total of $950 million.
The University of Tampa now hosts students from all 50 states and

from almost all 195 countries.
Dr. Vaughn's leadership has been

fundamental to achieving academic excellence with a unique

entrepreneurial spirit.
Dr. Vaughn's academic journey is a model for my others--a B.A and an

MBA from Indiana State University, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree

from the University of Georgia.
Dr. Vaughn's comprehensive career as a

business owner of a multi-office marketing research and consulting

company provided him with the skills to lead the university into the

established institution we know today.
His journey with the University of Tampa started in August 1984 as

the Coordinator of the Marketing Department and holder of the Max H.

Hollingsworth Endowed Chair of American Enterprise.
Dr. Vaughn

subsequently served as Director of the MBA Program, Dean of the College

of Business and Graduate Studies and Co-Chief Academic Officer.
In

January of 1995 he became the president of the university.
Dr. Vaughn and UT hosted President Barack Obama and Vice President

Joe Biden in 2010 for a major economic policy announcement and a visit

with students--the first time in UT's history that a sitting President

made an official visit to the UT campus, and a rare joint appearance.
President Joe Biden also visited the campus in 2023, the day after his

State of the Union address, with many students watching from the pool

deck and one noting ``pretty cool vibes.''