In

January of 1995 he became the president of the university.
Dr. Vaughn and UT hosted President Barack Obama and Vice President

Joe Biden in 2010 for a major economic policy announcement and a visit

with students--the first time in UT's history that a sitting President

made an official visit to the UT campus, and a rare joint appearance.
President Joe Biden also visited the campus in 2023, the day after his

State of the Union address, with many students watching from the pool

deck and one noting ``pretty cool vibes.''
As Vice President, Joe Biden

also made a major international affairs speech in the Fletcher Lounge

to Bay area business leaders in 2016.
Beyond his work as president of the university, Dr. Vaughn and his

wife, Renee Vaughn, have been active members of the community.
He has

served on numerous boards and leadership positions, including the Straz

Center for the Performing Arts, the Gulf Ridge Council of the Boy

Scouts, the Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce, and the Florida

Aquarium.
Dr. Vaughn has received numerous honors in recognition of his

lifelong commitment to education and his exceptional stewardship of the

University of Tampa.
Among the countless awards that have been bestowed

upon him nationally as well as locally are the Hillsborough County

Administrative Volunteer of the Year for Tampa Bay's Chapter of the

American Red Cross and the prestigious national recognition by the

Ellis Island Honors Society in 2004.
Furthermore, the multi-purpose

Vaughn Center facility is named in his honor, and it serves as the hub

of student life and activity on the University of Tampa campus.
As we congratulate Dr. Vaughn for his remarkable career, we also

express our gratitude for his continued commitment to uplifting the

youth and laying the groundwork for a better tomorrow.
Dr. Vaughn is

the definition of a true public servant.
On behalf of my neighbors

across the Tampa Bay area, the great State of Florida, and our Nation,

I thank Dr. Vaughn for his years of dedicated service and tireless

commitment to making the University of Tampa the dynamic and growing

university it is today.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our

gratitude sending best wishes to Dr. Vaughn and his family in their

future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DOUGLAS G. LEE FOR HIS SERVICE TO WAYNESBURG UNIVERSITY

HON.
GUY RESCHENTHALER

Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Douglas G. Lee

on his exceptional decade of service as President of Waynesburg

University.
He assumed the office on July 1, 2013.
President Lee devoted the past decade to improving the educational

experience for students and serving the Waynesburg, Pennsylvania

community.
He managed a $32 million revitalization of the Paul R.

Stewart Science Hall and successfully implemented a health and safety

plan that allowed students to remain on campus throughout the COVID-19

pandemic.
His efforts ensured continued academic excellence and a safe

environment for the university's thriving student population.
A Waynesburg University alumnus himself, President Lee graduated from

the university in 1981 with a Bachelor of Science degree in business.
His loyalty to the institution deepens his connection to the school's

faith, academic mission, and focus on the community.
President Lee

continues to serve the university and Pennsylvania's academic community

as secretary and treasurer of the Association of Independent Colleges &

Universities of Pennsylvania.
He also serves on the NCAA Division III

Board of Governors to help student athletes grow their academic and

athletic character.
The Greene County Chamber of Commerce awarded President Lee the

Distinguished Service Award to recognize his contributions to the

university and community.
President Lee lives out his faith as an elder

at his church, a board member of several local charities, and a loving

husband and father.