I look forward to visiting The Times Theater again soon and seeing

how Julie Shambarger's efforts will continue to pay dividends in the

years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO BRIAN NESTANDE

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to my

good friend and former California State Assemblyman Brian Nestande, who

passed away at his home in Palm Desert earlier this month.
Brian was a

dedicated leader in the Coachella Valley who has left us far too soon,

and he will be deeply missed.
Born in Orange County, California, on January 10, 1964, Brian was

exposed to the world of public service and politics at an early age.
Brian's father, Bruce, was a staff member for then-California Governor

Ronald Reagan and later an elected member of the State Assembly and

Orange County Board of Supervisors.
After graduating from California

State University, Fullerton in 1991, Brian started his own political

career by taking a position as the Deputy Campaign Manager for the

successful congressional campaign of Michael Buffington in Santa

Barbara County.
A few years later, Brian managed then-Palm Springs

Mayor Sonny Bono's congressional campaign, which was also successful.
He went on to serve as Sonny's Chief of Staff.
In 1998, it was Brian

who made the unforgettable phone call to me to share the shocking and

tragic news of Sonny's death.
After Sonny's passing, Brian went on to serve as Chief of Staff to

Congresswoman Mary Bono from 1998 until 2000.
He launched a government

affairs consulting business named Nestande and Associates, and worked

collaboratively with clients on alternative energy and healthcare

issues.
In 2008, Brian's own name was on the ballot for the first time

and he was elected to the California State Assembly, where he would

serve until 2014.
In Sacramento, Brian was a tireless advocate for the

Coachella Valley and Riverside County, working on important local

issues like the Salton Sea and improving our infrastructure.
After his

time in the Assembly, Brian joined the County of Riverside where he

served as Deputy CEO, coordinating legislative priorities with state

and federal representatives in the region.
Brian is survived by his wife Gina; his son Hayden; his daughter

Sophia; and his stepchildren Sadie, Tad, Mason, Molly and Savana.
I

extend my personal and heartfelt condolences to the Nestande family,

his friends, and everyone fortunate enough to know Brian.
Although he

may be gone, the many contributions he made to his community and family

have left an enduring legacy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO PETER ANDREW STURROCK, PH.D. ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Peter Andrew Sturrock,

Ph.D., who celebrates the centennial of his birth on March 20, 2024.
Dr. Sturrock grew up in Essex, England and studied at Palmers School,

Grays, Essex, where his favorite subject was mathematics.
He studied

mathematics at Cambridge University, then helped develop radar systems

at what is now the Royal Radar Establishment.
He earned a scholarship

to St. John's College where he was elected to a fellowship.
Dr. Sturrock then pursued work in electron physics at the Cavendish

Laboratory, Cambridge, the National Bureau of Standards, and the Ecole

Normale Superieure at the University of Paris.
In 1951, Dr. Sturrock earned his Ph.
D in astrophysics.
He researched

nuclear physics at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment; plasma

physics at St. John's College, Cambridge; microwave tubes at Stanford

University; and accelerator physics at the European Organization for

Nuclear Research.
He invented a number of implements, including a novel

microwave tube later dubbed the ``Free electron laser.''
In 1961, Dr. Sturrock was appointed Professor of Applied Physics at

Stanford University, where he lived for nearly 40 years with his wife

Marilyn.