Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today

to commemorate the life of Mrs. Audrey Burgette.
Mrs. Audrey lived a

life of selflessness, service, and desire to better her community.
There are individuals whose impact transcends time, leaving an

indelible mark on those fortunate enough to have known them.
Audrey

June (Stewart) Burgette, the first Black female graduate of William

Jewell College, was one of these special people.
Audrey Burgette was born in Liberty, Missouri on July 18, 1930.
The

circumstances of her childhood were a reflection of the times--Liberty

was a racially segregated community still in the grips of Jim Crow

laws.
Her early educational years were also plagued by second-class

treatment due to her race.
This was before the Brown v. Board of

Education ruling, so her schooling occurred under less than ideal

conditions.
She grew up in a supportive African American community and

a loving family, which bolstered her to remain steadfast in her put

suit of academic excellence and personal growth.
As a testament to

this, she graduated as Valedictorian of her class at Garrison School in

Liberty.
Throughout her life, Audrey stood as a beacon of resilience and

determination for overcoming numerous challenges.
In her early 20s, she

married John West Stapleton and welcomed two children, Carrie Eileen

Stapleton and John West Stapleton, Jr., Esq.
At the young age of 25,

she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis and was partially paralyzed

by the disease.
She battled back and regained her ability to walk, only

to face the pain of divorce.
Fortunately, she found love once again

with Herbert Lee Burgette, a Korean War veteran from Kansas City.
Together with Herbert, Audrey welcomed two more children into her

loving embrace, the late Dr. Phillip Leroy Burgette, M.D., and Brigitte

Burgette Bradley, Esq.
Love was always present in her blended family's

lives.
Even though she and John were divorced, her second husband,

Herbert, would sometimes connect with John Sr.,
a disabled war veteran,

and offer to drive him to milestone events in Carrie and John Jr.'s

lives, such as graduations and sporting events.
While raising four children under the age of 10, Audrey was

unrelenting in her quest for education.
She achieved her dream of

attending and graduating from William Jewell College with a Bachelor of

Arts in Elementary Education in 1966.
She later earned a Master of Arts

in Education from the University of Missouri-Kansas City in 1972.
Audrey's dedication to education extended beyond her own academic

pursuits.
She was a revered elementary school teacher and counselor in

the Kansas City MO School District for over 26 years.
She touched the

lives of countless children, Instilling in them a passion for learning

and a belief in their own potential.
This commitment expanded beyond

her professional life.
Audrey became a foster parent to several young

people during this time, giving them the same love and support she

showed for her own students and children.
Audrey's commitment to excellence in education has also shaped the

lives of her four children in profound ways, guiding them towards

fulfilling their dreams and aspirations.
They were inspired by her

example to achieve great success in various fields, from law to

medicine to public relations.
Her legacy lives on through her three

grandchildren, Carrie Nicole Randle, Langston Colin Taylor Burgette and

Brandon Byron Hays; and one great-granddaughter, Nya Simone Payne.
Carrie Nicole holds a master's degree and is pursuing a doctorate.
In the community, Audrey was an active member of the Kansas City

Chapter of the National Association of Business and Professional

Women's Clubs, Inc., for which she was an officeholder and served on

several committees.