Title: CELEBRATING JANIE BARRERA; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
48

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING JANIE BARRERA

HON.
GREG CASAR

Mr. CASAR.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to call the attention of the

House in celebration of a true Texas visionary, Ms. Janie Barrera, for

decades of work to provide small business owners and working families

with the means to achieve their dreams.
A native of Corpus Christi and a sixth-generation Texan, Ms.

Barrera's entrepreneurial spirit began in her youth.
At the age of 12,

after her mother denied her request to purchase a new bicycle, Janie

went door-to-door selling raffle tickets for her old bicycle and used

the proceeds to purchase a new one.
Later, as a waitress in her

parents' restaurant, Ms. Barrera witnessed both the hard work and the

great financial risks of running a small business.
After high school, Ms. Barrera became a nun and joined a local

covenant.
She ran the Telecommunications Center for the Diocese of

Corpus Christi for 15 years.
When a bishop told Ms. Barrera that she

couldn't get a promotion because of her lack of business experience,

she pursued a Master of Business Administration from the University of

the Incarnate Word in San Antonio, Texas.
She left the covenant shortly

after graduation.
Ms. Barrera's parents ended up with nothing saved for retirement

after running their restaurant for 20 years.
This motivated her to use

her personal experience and academic training to support both small

businesses and working families.
In 1994, Ms. Barrera founded Accion

Texas (later renamed LiftFund) with the commitment to provide small

businesses with sorely needed financial support through microloans and

ongoing guidance as they navigated complex financial systems.
Today, LiftFund has over 100 employees and has disbursed close to

$500 million to small business owners in underserved communities,

particularly people of color and low- and moderate-income individuals.
Ms. Barrera stepped down as CEO of LiftFund in 2023 after three

decades.
Ms. Barrera has been an integral part of the creation and

sustainability of countless small businesses.
Her work has received

high recognition in Texas and beyond, including the ``Small Business

Administration Financial Services Advocate of the Year,'' and the

``Minority Enterprise Development Consortium's Corporate Advocate of

the Year.''
She received the 2022 Ned Gramlich Lifetime Achievement

Award for Responsible Finance, which is the Community Development

Financial Institution industry's highest individual honor.
Ms. Barrera

has also served on boards of directors at various levels, including the

Federal Reserve Board's National Consumer Advisory Council.
An

invaluable leader in her field, President Barack Obama appointed Ms.

Barrera to the President's Advisory Council on Financial Capability.
As Texans, we are all forever grateful to Ms. Barrera for her vision

of shared prosperity, her decades-long service to creating economic

mobility, and her unwavering dedication to our community.
As the

Congressman for the 35th District of Texas, I am proud to congratulate

Ms. Barrera and LiftFund on 30 years of service in Texas, and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING JAMES SOLOMON RUSSELL DAY

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, the Virginia General Assembly proclaimed

March 28th as James Solomon Russell Day.
Today, I use to honor his

legacy and incredible contributions to our Commonwealth.
Born enslaved in 1857, James Solomon Russell's life journey

exemplifies resilience and determination.
After receiving his teaching

license in Warren County, North Carolina, and beginning to teach in the

area, he attended Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute in 1874.
However, due to financial difficulties, he was unable to complete his

studies and returned to teach in Warren County.
Thereafter, he became interested in the Episcopal Church and was the

fist student at Saint Stephen's Normal and Industrial School (later

Bishop Payne Divinity School) in Petersburg, VA.
He dedicated himself

to uplifting his community and worked among Zion Union members in

Brunswick County.