In 2014, the Supreme Court declined to hear the case, which

allowed the decision to stand.
This bill is cosponsored by

Representative Andre Carson.
Specifically, the decision prevents federal employees who are

designated as ``noncritical sensitive'' from appealing to the Merit

Systems Protection Board if they are removed from their jobs.
Noncritical sensitive jobs include those that do not have access to

classified information.
The decision affects at least 200,000 DOD

employees who are designated as noncritical sensitive.
Even more

concerning is that most federal employees could potentially lose the

right to an independent review of an agency's decision because of a

rule issued by the Office of Personnel Management and the Office of the

Director of National Intelligence that permits agency heads to

designate most jobs in the federal government as noncritical sensitive,

which went into effect in July 2015.
The decision undercuts Title 5, section 7701 of the Civil Service

Act, which ensures due process rights for federal workers, as required

by the Constitution.
Stripping employees whose work does not involve

classified matters of the right to an independent review of an agency

decision that removes them from their jobs opens entirely new avenues

for unreviewable, arbitrary action or retaliation by an agency head.
This bill would stop the use of ``national security'' to undo a vital

component of civil service protection and of due process.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted: YEA

on Roll Call No.
79 (E-BRIDGE Act); YEA on Roll Call No.
80 (Save Our

Seas 2.0 Amendments Act); NAY on Roll Call No.
81 (Providing for

consideration of the bill (H.R. 6276) USE IT Act, and providing for

consideration of the resolution (H. Res.
1065) denouncing the Biden

administration's immigration policies); and NAY on Roll Call No.
86

(Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications

Act).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JULIE SHAMBARGER'S CONTRIBUTIONS RESTORING THE TIMES

THEATER IN ROCHESTER, INDIANA

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Julie Shambarger for the

incredible work she has done to revitalize downtown Rochester, Indiana,

by spearheading the effort to refurbish and reopen The Times Theater in

Rochester.
As is the case with so many venues on Main Streets across America,

The Times Theater was an iconic symbol of Main Street Rochester before

closing its doors in 2014.
Rather than accept The Times Theater's apparent fate as a project of

the past, Julie Shambarger poured her heart and soul into the mission

and welcome visitors once again.
Guided by her belief that The Times Theater could be restored as the

vibrant heart of the Rochester community, Julie marshalled the effort

to acquire the grants and donations needed to renovate The Times

Theater so its reopening could be not only a possibility, but a

reality.
Today, The Times Theater is host to not only movies but also live

music and community events, and it has welcomed over 9,000 guests since

reopening last February.
It has elevated the cultural landscape of

Rochester and been a beacon of artistic innovation and creative

expression.
At a time when many of America's social and civic ties are fraying,

places like The Times Theater--places the community can take pride in

and congregate at--are all the more important.
I and so many other Hoosiers are immensely grateful to Julie

Shambarger for the dedicated and diligent work she has done to bring

more energy and life back to downtown Rochester and all of Fulton

County.
I look forward to visiting The Times Theater again soon and seeing

how Julie Shambarger's efforts will continue to pay dividends in the

years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO BRIAN NESTANDE

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.