Diolch yn fawr; I appreciate the hon.
Lady’s interest in these issues and her support.
We have been doing a huge amount with Ukraine to support its energy sector against the terrible attacks that have been taking place, but we have also been working on how we might co-operate together on energy in the future.
That is a crucial question for all of us across Europe.
I continually raise with European and other counterparts the issue of removing the dependency on supplies from Russia and elsewhere.
We need to look at new partnerships and ways forward in which we can support all our energy needs—whether that is through renewables, through nuclear or in other ways.
This is an important issue, and I thank the hon.
Lady for raising it.
Can the Minister update the House on whether yesterday’s meeting involved discussion of any potential future co-operation between the US and Russia on energy?
If it did, did he impart to his US counterparts that such an arrangement would be a folly?
As I said before, I will not get into the detail of talks and discussions.
We are very clear on our position, which is that we need to support and stand with Ukraine.
We are having productive and constructive talks.
Those continued yesterday with the United States, European allies and others, and I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the answer I gave to  the hon.
Member for Ynys Môn (Llinos Medi)  a moment ago.
How can the Minister describe yesterday’s talks as productive if the United States continues to make unreasonable demands of Ukraine that the United Kingdom does not support?
I can describe those talks as productive and constructive because they were.
It is being reported today that the White House is considering lifting its sanctions on the Russian Nord Stream natural gas pipeline —more evidence, in case it was needed, that this US Administration are increasingly siding with Russia.
This is hugely concerning, as I am sure the whole Chamber agrees.
May I please urge the Minister and the Department to use whatever leverage they have with the US Administration to prevent that from happening?
If it does go ahead, what will the Government’s next steps be?
The hon.
Lady asks an important question about sanctions.
The Prime Minister has been very clear that sanctions against Russia are a vital part of our armoury, and the UK is committed to maintaining our Russia sanctions—we are not considering lifting them.
As the PM said in Paris, in order to get Russia to the table, we need to keep up the economic pressure to hinder its ability to wage war, and we need to deal with all the ways in which the war is being fuelled and supplied.
The purposes of our sanctions are very clear: to stop Russia threatening and undermining Ukraine’s sovereignty, territorial integrity and independence; to help ensure that Russia pays for the damage it has caused; and to make sure that Ukraine is placed in the best possible position to secure a just and lasting peace.
We will continue to work with the United States and all our allies on those important issues.
Further to the last question, there is rightly concern that Russia continues to bypass sanctions through its shadow fleet.
What measures are the Government taking alongside our allies to prevent that?
Since this Government came into office, we have ramped up our efforts, particularly on the issue of the shadow fleet, on which we first sought sanctions at the European Political Community summit, just days after coming into office.
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that the impact of those sanctions has been substantial in constraining and taking down Russia’s ability to wage this war.
Collectively, the sanctions by the previous Government and this Government have prevented $450 billion-worth of support to fuel Russia’s war.
That could have paid for another three or four years of military aggression against Ukraine.
We will not hesitate to consider further actions in this area; indeed, we have announced some of the biggest packages in recent weeks.