The hon.
Member makes a very good point.
It is really important that we change the way in which policy is made—that we listen more to the frontline and work with the test-and-learn approach that was referred to by the Minister for the Cabinet Office in answer to the previous question.
That can help drive better outcomes for the public.
It is clear to me that under the last Government, our state failed the public.
We had an agenda that was not rooted in the lives of everyday people, meaning that despite the number of civil servants being the highest in a generation, outcomes for my constituents in Wirral West and people across the country were worse.
Will the Minister please set out how a smaller, more modern and more focused state can once again deliver world-class public services?
Over recent years, the public have seen the state get bigger and taxes go up, but they have not always felt that they are getting the right outcome from those changes.
To deliver our plan for change, we need to reform the state to make it more efficient and more effective.
We have started to deliver those reforms through stronger performance management, accelerating AI adoption, a focus on the frontline, and reforming rules around recruitment and secondments.
Those plans will help empower our excellent civil services to work better, reduce bureaucracy and focus on what really matters, which is better outcomes for the public.
I commend the ministerial team, both on the innovation fund and—more importantly—the test-and-learn culture that has been referred to, which embraces a willingness to take risks and iterate.
Does the Minister agree that in order for this work to be truly successful and transform  our public services, we must also reform our governance and approval processes in parallel, so that they do not inadvertently stifle this welcome method of innovation?
The right hon.
Member obviously has hugely important experience in this regard.
He will know from that experience that the traditional system can be risk-averse, and that it can seek to resolve too much and try to cover every base before launching a policy.
The test-and-learn approach is different by intention.
It intends to start small and to build from there.
What is absolutely certain is that whether it is his party or my party in power, there is a duty on any Government today to pursue reform of the state to improve outcomes for the public, so in that regard I agree with him.
A number of months ago, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster announced the plan for change and the pillars, missions and various other things that come with it.
When will he update the House on how that is going and how the Government are meeting those targets?
Well, I have good news for the right hon.
Gentleman.
[Laughter.]
This is parliamentary accountability in action.
One of the key targets in the plan for change was to get waiting lists and waiting times down.
I am pleased to report to him that they have fallen for five months in a row and that we have met our first step on 2 million extra appointments early, and I look forward to more progress in the future.
With 2,100 jobs set to go at the Cabinet Office by 2028, please can the Minister confirm what impact those cuts will have on his Department?
What responsibilities might be transferred out of it?
The Cabinet Office has tripled in size in the past decade or so.
I think it is right, after growth like that, that we look at productivity and how to get the best outcomes for the public.
We have introduced a mutually agreed exit scheme.
Some of the headcount reduction will be by transferring functions to other places, but I believe that the Cabinet Office can absorb a headcount reduction after, as I said, tripling in size over the past decade or so.
Can the Minister outline Government plans to reform the funding of fire authorities?
That is especially important in Somerset, where changes to employer national insurance contributions, the ending of the rural support grant, the removal of the services grant and the reduction of the pension grant will cost Devon and Somerset Fire Authority nearly £2 million a year, at a time of rising costs.
I do not want to interrupt the collegiate mood we have had this morning by pointing out that we had to take those decisions after the inheritance we received.
I cannot speak for every local authority settlement around the country, but the local authority settlements announced after the Budget were on the whole better than they have been for many years.
They will not make up for the past 14 years, but they are better settlements than many local authorities have seen for some time.