Overnight, Russia launched 11 ballistic missiles and nearly 200 cruise missiles and drones at civilian targets in Kyiv.
Yesterday’s talks in London should have been an opportunity to strengthen the western coalition’s support for Ukraine in the face of Putin’s barbarism.
Instead, they were derailed by President Trump, who, in a petulant response to President Zelensky’s refusal to countenance the recognition of Crimea as Russian, withdrew his Secretary  of State and special adviser from the meeting.
President Trump demonstrated that he is not interested in securing a just peace that can deter future Russian aggression and protect Ukraine’s right to self-determination.
Instead, he is intent on securing a carve-up of Ukraine with Putin, as long as it is agreed before the 100th day of his presidency.
Will the Minister make clear to his US counterpart that the apparent ultimatum shared with President Zelensky last week, which would deliver to Putin most of the goals of his illegal invasion, is utterly wrong and would only embolden future Russian aggression?
I too yesterday found myself on a list of MPs from across the House who are being sanctioned by the Kremlin.
Will the Government outline how they plan to support Members who are being targeted for speaking out?
While I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s party’s continued support for a united front on Ukraine
, I do not recognise his characterisation of the talks yesterday, which were productive and constructive, and involved the United States.
The Foreign Secretary also spoke to Secretary of State Rubio just the night before, and we are in regular contact with our US counterparts.
Secretary of State Rubio welcomed the fact that we were hosting special envoy Kellogg alongside others.
Of course, the Prime Minister has been in contact with President Trump in recent days, and the Foreign Secretary has been in contact with his counterpart.
We share the President’s desire to bring this barbaric war to an end.
Of course Russia could do that tomorrow by withdrawing its forces and ending its illegal invasion.
We are working with all our allies, including the United States, on a plan to stop the fighting.
We obviously need agreement among all of us on that—European allies, the United States and others—and we are working closely with President Trump on that, but we are also clear that Ukraine’s voice must be at the heart of any talks.
We warmly welcome the agreements and discussions between the United States and Ukraine, but ultimately the ball is in President Putin’s court.
He continues instead to fire missiles and cause the destruction and killing that the hon.
Gentleman rightly highlighted.
It is utterly horrific.
The responsibility lies with one person, and that is Vladimir Putin.
I associate myself with the Minister’s comments about the appalling attacks on Ukraine last night, and I thank him for his statement today.
Will he update the House on the support the Government are offering to Ukrainian communities across the UK at this very difficult time, such as the large Ukrainian community in Reading?