I echo the sentiments of my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
The powerful point he made about the ultimate ministerial responsibility resting rightly and reasonably with elected representatives applies north of the Tweed as surely as it does south of the Tweed.
I only wish that the Scottish Government would use the powers that they have to do the same and actively cut waste and bureaucracy.
Scotland deserves better than what we are witnessing just now.
Does the Minister agree that this Labour Government’s plan for change has helped to deliver 1,500 more GPs to help stop the 8 am rush and that the Scottish Government should work with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to look at how the SNP-run health service in Scotland could learn from such action?
As the UK Government, we have delivered more than 2 million extra NHS appointments seven months early, as the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster set out just a few moments ago.
Yet we all know that, despite the brilliance of NHS staff, the NHS in Scotland is still on its knees.
Today, from this Dispatch Box, I urge our colleagues in the Scottish Government to work with us and actually learn some lessons from our team in the Department of Health and Social Care who are already driving change across England.
Of course, if the Government were serious about co-operating with the devolved Government, tomorrow’s Second Reading debate on devolving immigration policy to Scotland, which has been secured by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry (Stephen Gethins) , would not be necessary.
The Minister will recall that, in the run-up to the general election, Labour’s Deputy Leader in Scotland, Jackie Baillie, said that they would be open to talks on this issue and, of course, it would be unthinkable that she would have said such a thing just to gain short-term electoral advantage.
Therefore, having waited a year, can the Minister tell us when he expects those talks to open?
In the spirit of collegiality that has been the hallmark of this question session so far, let me respectfully suggest that there is a fundamental philosophical difference between our two parties.
The SNP wants to end the United Kingdom and we believe in devolution, which is, ultimately, a two-Parliament, two-Government solution.
There are two Governments who represent the best interests of the United Kingdom and, in that sense, I appreciate that there is a constant demand and a constant set of grievances from the SNP about why devolution is not working.
It is about time that we had a Government in Scotland who were committed to making devolution work.
Further to the question from  the hon.
Member for Airdrie and Shotts (Kenneth Stevenson) , given last week’s UK Supreme Court ruling, which I welcome as a return to common sense and biological reality, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that Government messaging reflects this clarity and that it is implemented consistently both across the devolved regions and here in Westminster?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that the Equality and Human Rights Commission, which has a remit across the nations and regions of the United Kingdom, has already committed to supporting service providers with updated guidance.
I assure the hon.
Lady that we are talking to colleagues in Scotland and that we will also be talking to colleagues in Wales and, indeed, in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to assist local authorities in using public procurement to help create economic growth.