Growth is the No. 1 mission for this Government.
We have learned from local authorities such as Hammersmith and Fulham, which built economic value into procurement.
The Procurement Act 2023 makes new tools available, but what is critical is how they are used to deliver innovation and growth.
The Government will be consulting on new plans to set targets for small and medium-sized enterprise use for the wider public sector.
We have delivered extensive  training and developed new communities of practice to help make the most of this huge opportunity.
As my hon.
Friend has said, much of this is about culture and the use of the tools.
We will be working with local authorities around the country to deliver on this enormous opportunity.
My constituency is a food production powerhouse, and I welcome any steps by the Government to encourage local authorities to procure British-produced food.
Local authorities are under extreme pressure to procure at very low cost.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that, first, the Groceries Code Adjudicator ensures that farmers are paid fairly for the food they produce and, secondly, the Department for Business and Trade is not about to undermine the food they produce by entering a damaging trade deal with the US that would undermine those standards?
The guidance we put into the national procurement policy statement makes it clear that we want to deliver best value for money, which means not just cost but ensuring that we support growth and local suppliers.
That allows local authorities to make decisions on what will create jobs and best opportunities for communities in the procurement of food.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the plan for change.
This Government were elected with an overwhelming mandate to deliver change.
We inherited a country hit by an unprecedented cost of living crisis, with millions stuck on waiting lists and communities blighted by crime and antisocial behaviour.
We are already delivering the change we promised.
There will be a pay rise for 3 million workers, thanks to our increase in the national minimum wage.
NHS waiting lists are down six months in a row, and there is funding for 13,000 neighbourhood police and community support officers.
That was the change we promised, and that is the change we are delivering.