Key to much of that plan is the Government’s target to make the UK the fastest growing economy in the G7.
But with the International Monetary Fund joining the Office for Budget Responsibility and the OECD in massively slashing projections for UK growth and the IMF not expecting the UK to be the fastest growing economy in the G7 in any year between now and 2030, how confident is the Minister that the Government will meet that target?
The prediction is that we are set to be the largest growing European economy in the G7.
Since coming into government in July, we have prioritised growth: for example, Universal Studios building Europe’s biggest theme park in Bedfordshire, and unblocking planning decisions on projects like the lower Thames crossing.
We are getting on with delivering the growth that the country needs after 14 years of decline under the Conservatives.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last oral questions, we have been working to create a more focused Cabinet Office that will drive the work of reform and help to deliver on our plan for change.
We have taken decisive action, including by cutting wasteful spending so that resources can be targeted on the frontline.
I am pleased to inform the House that I will shortly be opening the UK Resilience Academy, which will be an important resource in training public servants for a range of potential emergencies.
I am sure the Minister will agree that the diversity of those in positions of responsibility across all areas of UK Government and public institutions is key to maintaining confidence among the British public that the Government are working for all of us.
Diversity is important across all the various equality  strands as well as the various geographical areas of the UK’s nations and regions.
Will he detail what work has been done to review the diversity of public appointments in the UK and to maintain and improve that diversity, particularly in view of the changes proposed to public bodies?
Merit will always be the primary consideration in any appointment, but diversity is important, and we are not giving up on it.
We want to see a public service that looks like the country and speaks with all the accents that make this country a great place.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Queen’s Park and Maida Vale (Georgia Gould)  recently spoke at the civil service social mobility conference to bring home that message, which will reflect what we do on public appointments.