Our support for Ukraine is iron-clad.
Representatives of the United Kingdom, France, Germany and the United States convened in London yesterday, with Ukraine, for another round of intensive talks, following up on the meeting in Paris last week.
All parties reiterated their strong support for President Trump’s commitment to stopping the killing and achieving a just and lasting peace.
The talks were productive and successful, and significant progress was made on reaching a common position on next steps.
All agreed to continue their close co-ordination and look forward to further talks soon.
There was an E3 statement on this just last night.
The Foreign Secretary had bilateral discussions with Foreign Minister Sybiha, and he remains in close contact with his ministerial counterparts.
To give further details of the discussions would only benefit Putin, as I hope the right hon.
Lady understands.
We condemn Russia’s brutal missile and drone attacks on civilians, including overnight.
Our thoughts are with the victims and their loved ones at this tragic time.
They were absolutely horrific scenes, and they came on the back of shocking scenes not only in Kyiv but in Kryvyi Rih, Sumy, Marhanets and many other locations across Ukraine in recent days.
I remind the House that, while Ukraine has been in peace talks, Russia has continued these severe attacks, including last night.
That is a stark reminder of the continued bloodshed and aggression perpetrated by Putin.
I witnessed myself the terrible situation in Kyiv when I visited just weeks ago; there were attacks on Bucha of all places just hours before I arrived.
Indeed, this is about not just the killings but the continued shocking abductions of children and attempts to wipe out Ukrainian culture.
Putin’s demands remain undiminished.
We are very clear about that.
President Zelensky has shown his commitment to peace.
President Putin must now agree to a full and immediate ceasefire without conditions, as Ukraine has done.
We will not stop in our efforts to work with all parties to that end.
For all the talks taking place, it is concerning that a clear and unified front in support of Ukraine, to support a peace on its terms, has yet to emerge.
The Minister mentioned the E3 statement on yesterday’s talks, but it consisted of three sentences stating that the talks were productive and successful, and that significant progress was made in reaching a common position on the next steps.
Will he tell us exactly what was productive and successful about the talks, what those next steps are, and whether Ukraine is in agreement?
Were security guarantees for Ukraine discussed, and was progress made  on agreeing what they will be?
Was the UK’s long-standing position of supporting Ukraine’s accession to NATO discussed?
Following the abhorrent missile strike in Kyiv last night, which killed more innocent civilians, does the Minister believe that Putin is committed to a just and fair end to this conflict?
Can the Minister confirm whether the status of Crimea and other Ukrainian territories invaded and occupied unlawfully by Russia was discussed and what the UK Government’s position is?
The UK was the strongest advocate for Ukraine regaining all the territory taken by force by Putin and for Putin to lose this war.
Is that still the case?
There is much debate about the initiatives to end the war by negotiations, but we cannot forget that this war was started by Putin—a murderous, vile autocrat who is being propped up by an axis of authoritarian states trying to extinguish democracy on our continent, and by those who are opposed to our values, including China, North Korea and Iran.
We need the Government to leverage British influence in every way possible for Ukraine.
Our Ukrainian friends are on the frontline, battling an attempt to reshape the whole international order by force.
I condemn the sanctioning of 15 Members yesterday by Russia.
To those colleagues, I say this: it shows that you are on the right side of history and that we must always stand up to tyranny.
UK sanctions on Russia must stay in place.
What is the Government’s position on applying secondary sanctions, and when will the billions of pounds of proceeds from the sale of Chelsea FC be made available for Ukraine?
Can the Minister explain why the Government’s £2.26 billion loan to Ukraine, backed by the profits of sanctioned assets, is being paid over three years rather than in full now?
Finally, what more can the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office do to mobilise British technology, which could be cheaply and quickly applied to adapt Ukraine’s military efforts?