Warm words about a reset in UK-EU relations are no longer enough.
The summit that will take place in London on  19 May  is an opportunity for real action.
Will the Minister take the opportunity that the summit presents to commit to bringing in a UK-EU youth mobility scheme that will boost economic growth and enhance chances for young people in our country and across the EU?
A youth mobility scheme is not part of our plans.
We have always said that we will listen to sensible EU proposals, but we will not go back to freedom of movement.
Where I do agree with the hon.
Lady is on concrete proposals and concrete progress on  19 May .
We are looking to secure a new partnership with the EU that will make our country safer, more secure and more prosperous.
Teesside has enormous potential for AI investment.
What progress are the Government making on AI growth zones, AI adoption and investment for Teesside?
AI is a huge opportunity for the UK.
The AI opportunities action plan was a statement of our ambition to make the UK a world leader in AI.
We launched an expression of interest on AI growth zones and have received more than 200 responses.
The first such zone has already been announced at Culham, home to the UK Atomic Energy Authority.
We have recently found out that portraits and paintings of Elizabeth I, Sir Walter Raleigh and William Shakespeare are among 69 pieces of artwork that have been removed from No. 10, No. 11 and across the Government estate.
Does this not make a mockery of the Government’s St George’s day celebrations this week?
They are more interested in chasing the latest woke trends than celebrating the history and heritage of this great country.
I have already said that we want a public service that reflects all the great accents that make this country such a great place.
We celebrate our history, and I warmly wish the hon.
Member—a day late, I admit—a very happy St George’s day.
As we approach the eighth anniversary of Grenfell, there is still no justice for the bereaved and survivors, but we do now have a Government response to the national inquiry.
Grenfell campaigners have been clear with me that they want to see the promised changes implemented, but they are sceptical, given previous failures of the state to learn the lessons from past disasters.
Does the Minister agree that as part of, or alongside, the very welcome commitment to a Hillsborough law, there should be a national oversight mechanism to ensure that when inquiries are set up, they lead to meaningful change?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate on this issue.
It is incredibly important that the Government are held to account for the implementation of inquiry recommendations.
It is why the Government have already committed to establishing a publicly accessible record of recommendations made by public inquiries since 2024.
We will ensure that becomes standard practice in the future.
We are also considering wider reform of the inquiries landscape.
Press reports earlier this week indicated that negotiations with the EU around security and defence were to be linked to the review of the trade and co-operation agreement, in particular in relation to access to fisheries.
May I invite the Paymaster General to confirm to the House that those reports are not true and that there will be no linkage between those two important negotiations?
There is no such link, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows that the current arrangements will come to an end in 2026.
We will negotiate in the interests of our fishers and are looking at our responsibilities to the marine environment.
It is right that the Government have ensured that funding is in place to compensate victims of the infected blood scandal, but many of them, particularly those in my constituency, are still concerned that the process is taking too long.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a little more about what we are doing to speed up getting compensation to those victims?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for her constituents.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority is of course operationally independent, but I stand ready to take all the steps I can to ensure that compensation is made as soon as possible.
Payments to the infected started at the end of last year; payments to the affected will start by the end of this year.
It is every British citizen’s right to vote, and voter turnout is one demonstration of public engagement with politics.
Will the Minister consider scrapping photo voter ID, so that the 777,000 people who said that was the reason they did not vote at the last general election will be able to exercise their right to vote at the next general election?
As we set out in our manifesto, the Government are committed to encouraging participation in our democracy and believe that it is unacceptable when legitimate voters are prevented or discouraged from voting.
Although we have no plans to remove the voter ID rules, at the elections in May the veteran card will be accepted for the first time, and we are conducting a thorough review of the voter ID rules, evaluating how they impacted citizens at the general election.
Too many Government Departments and public bodies have foreign-made tableware purchased with British taxpayers’ money.
May I invite the ministerial team to make a commitment to ensure that every Department replaces its foreign-made table set with a British-made one—preferably from Stoke-on-Trent?
We know of the brilliant craftsmanship of the Stoke-on-Trent industry.
We are committed to supporting British businesses and ensuring that they have the best chance of winning public contracts.
Our new national policy statement asks contracting authorities to maximise spend with small and medium-sized enterprises and to support our industrial strategy.
During the last Parliament, I made a submission, on behalf of the National Association of Retired Police Officers, for a medal to be issued in recognition of the service given by those injured on duty and invalided out of the service.
That had the backing of the then Policing Minister, and I understand it also has the backing of the current Policing Minister, but it has now disappeared into a black hole in the Cabinet Office.
Will the Minister please dig it out, dust it off and give it a fair wind?
I will find out exactly where we are with this matter and then write to the right hon.
Member.
Under the Windsor framework, the Government, through the Cabinet Office, regularly supply data to the European Union about the number and type of checks conducted at the Irish sea border, but they refuse to provide that data to Members of this House.
When I was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and the oversight of those checks lay with the local Department, I was able to acquire that, but now that it is under the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Members who ask those questions get a refusal of an answer.
Why is that?
I am perfectly happy to look into the matter that the hon.
and learned Gentleman raises.
On the UK-EU reset, I very much hope that if the Government are able to secure a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement that they will reduce the number of checks on the Irish sea.
The 36th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster came and went over the recess, when we also saw in the media rumours that the Government are considering watering down their proposed Hillsborough law.
Can the Minister explain the Government’s thinking?
I pay tribute to the Hillsborough families and those who have campaigned over so many years.
The Government are committed to bringing in a   Hillsborough law, but it is also important that we work closely with the families to ensure that we get it right, and that is precisely what we will do.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the talks held yesterday in London on the war in Ukraine.