I have listened with a great deal of interest to what the right hon.
Gentleman has had to say on the Government’s plans to make Whitehall more efficient and to make significant reforms to service delivery, and we on these Benches very much welcome the intention behind that statement.
However, announcements have been made in the media about the intention to cut 2,100 jobs in the Cabinet Office and reduce the Department’s workforce by a third.
Why have we not had a statement in this House about those job cuts specifically, and when will Members of Parliament get an opportunity to scrutinise exactly what that means for their constituents and their expectations about service delivery?
I work very closely with the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Treasury on this matter.
The truth is, civil service headcount grew by more than 100,000 in the years the Opposition was in power.
We believe that some of that can be explained by the repatriation of powers after Brexit, but some of it can be looked at in terms of efficiencies, which is what we are doing.
By reducing the Government’s overhead, we can devote the resources to where they are really needed: in frontline public services.
After such growth presided over by the Conservatives over the past decade, we believe that can be done.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster spoke a few moments ago of a good dialogue.
We are committed to working with the devolved Governments across the UK, and there is frequent, proactive engagement between Ministers and their devolved counterparts to achieve that.
For example, we have worked with the Scottish Government on the joint investment plan for Grangemouth, with the Welsh Government through the Tata Steel/Port Talbot transition board and alongside the Northern Ireland Executive on the city deals.