Does the Minister agree that, as other hon.
Members have alluded to, last night’s brutal attack on Kyiv is a timely reminder to Governments and leaders around the world that Russia is and always has been the aggressor in this conflict?
Does he agree that that perspective must be central to any talks, as we stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes?
As I have said, we are absolutely unequivocal that Russia and Vladimir Putin are responsible for this war, and we are absolutely clear that they are responsible for the ongoing killing and aggression.
That is why we stand four-square and iron-clad behind Ukraine, and we are working with the United States and our European allies to achieve a peace that is just and—most importantly—lasting.
We know that Putin’s demands and intentions remain undiminished, and we need to ensure that Ukraine has the ability not only to defend itself, but to deter future aggression by Putin.
This weekend, I will join with the Ukrainian community in Torbay to mourn the sad loss of a Ukrainian national who has died far from home.
Almost 20,000 children have been stolen by the barbaric Putin regime; can the Minister advise the Chamber on what practical steps the Government are taking to get those children home?
I was able to discuss some of the practical steps that we are taking on this important issue just a few weeks ago with the Deputy Foreign Minister of Ukraine and, indeed, with many of the  organisations that are working on it.
We are exploring further ways in which we can assist; we have already done a huge amount, and I look forward to seeing steps forward taken in due course.
I am very happy to update the hon.
Gentleman in writing with further details.
I am ashamed to admit that I have not yet been sanctioned by Russia—I am feeling a little bit lonely.
Clearly, I have to do more to call out Putin’s barbaric war crimes.
This House is always at its most united and its most passionate when we are talking about the need for a just peace in Ukraine, so can I ask the Minister very delicately whether he is convinced that all our international allies understand that for a peace to be lasting, it has to be just?
I think that is well understood, and it is a point that we continue to underline in all of our conversations, whether across the Atlantic, across Europe or with other parties internationally.
It is why we have supported the important work on the special tribunal on the crime of aggression; it is why we are supporting action on justice for crimes that have potentially been committed in Ukraine; and it is why we are continuing to support key institutions within Ukraine on these issues and have worked within the Council of Europe on these issues, too.
We have been very clear that justice must come alongside sustainability and Ukraine’s ability to deter future aggression and of course to defend itself and its people right now.
The assistance that we have provided to our friends in Ukraine has included firefighting equipment, along with training on the use of that equipment.
The devastation that took place overnight demonstrates that that assistance is still inadequate, so will the Minister undertake to review with the fire service Minister,  the hon.
Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , what extra provision we can provide?
If we cannot provide anything, will he reach out to our international partners to encourage them to supply equipment, so that the fires can be brought under control and people’s lives saved?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, and I know the huge support that has gone in.
Indeed, I worked with colleagues on some of that in the previous Parliament.
One of my friends in Ukraine was called up as a military firefighter in responding to some of those attacks on the cities.
The need is huge, and we have been giving a huge amount of support on reconstruction, energy infrastructure and other issues.
I am happy to look at the issues he raises and to see whether there is more we can do in that regard.
Pope Francis described pride as the most devious of sins, but I wonder if we can be granted a little bit of indulgence and the Minister can take some pride in colleagues from across the House joining the fine group of those who have been sanctioned by Russia.
However, those who are doing the hard yards are in Ukraine.
Can the Minister assure us that he believes that the United States still believes in Ukraine’s territorial integrity, for which those brave Ukrainians are fighting?
I have been clear that we are working closely with President Trump and the United States, our European partners and others.
I refer the hon.
Member to the comments I made just a short while ago in response to the shadow Foreign Secretary.
We are clear that Ukraine must be at the heart of these negotiations.
That is why we are working closely with the United States, with our European partners and, crucially, with Ukraine.
That was exactly what was happening in the technical talks yesterday here in London.
On Tuesday, I asked the Defence Secretary what our red lines would be at yesterday’s peace talks regarding any peace proposal from the US that required Ukraine to cede any of its sovereign territory to Russia.
I did not receive an answer.
Yesterday, US Vice-President J.D. Vance told reporters: “Now, of course, that means the Ukrainians and the Russians are both going to have to give up some of the territory they currently own.”
Can the Minister now state that the Government will not support any US proposal that sees Russia make territorial gains at the expense of Ukraine upon any permanent cessation of hostilities?
The hon.
Member will understand that, like the Defence Secretary, I will not be drawn on the detail of the discussions yesterday.
The only person that that would benefit is Vladimir Putin.
We have been clear that we share the United States’ desire to bring this barbaric war to an end.
Ultimately, though, it is for Ukraine to decide its future.
Our position on that has not changed, and that is why we are working closely with Ukraine, our international partners and others to end the bloodshed and suffering caused by Russia.
We are clear on who the aggressor is in this situation.
We will continue to stand iron-clad with Ukraine.
I have nothing new to say about this, but since I was one of those included yesterday in the list of those who were no longer welcome in the Kremlin—not that I had thought I ever would be—I feel compelled to place on record that my determination to oppose and expose the brutality and illegality of Vladimir Putin and his Government is greater today than it was yesterday.
Can the Minister do what he can to make sure that our resolve in this House is heard in the Kremlin and also, if necessary, in the White House?
I am absolutely sure that the voices in this House are heard across the world.
I have no doubt that the Kremlin is watching what is being said.
Again, I condemn the sanction against the right hon.
Member and other Members across the House.
This terrible aggression by Russia and by Putin has often had the exact opposite effect of what he intended; it has strengthened NATO unity, and we have new members of NATO, increased defence spending, increased resolve, increased unity, and increased willingness to stand with Ukraine not just now but 100 years into the future.
That is the message that we continue to send from this House and that we continue to send from our allies.
It is the message that we must continue to send.
At the London talks, did the Government have the opportunity to discuss with allies the deployment of 155 members of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army in support of Russia against Ukraine?
I am not going to get into the detail of the talks yesterday, but I will make it clear to the hon.
Member that we are acting robustly against third-country support for Russia’s illegal war, including through our sanctions.
We did so in relation to a series of matters, including the support of military industrial companies and others.
The Foreign Secretary raised concerns with his Chinese counterpart on China’s supply of equipment to Russia and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s relationship with Russia.
We engage very closely on third-country support, in whatever form that takes, and we are not afraid to take action where that is necessary.