The right hon.
Lady asked a number of specific questions.
I am afraid that I cannot go into the detail of yesterday’s discussions, for reasons that she will understand.
I know she has a job to do in holding us to account on that, but it is really important that we allow those technical talks to go on at that level between the principals, and she will understand why that is necessary.
I agree completely with the right hon.
Lady’s point about the sanctions against Members of this House, which I utterly condemn.
This is par for the course when it comes to Putin and his regime.
She asked what we are doing on sanctions.
Our commitment to sanctions remains undiminished.
We will maintain the pressure at every level.
In fact, we are ramping up the pressure, and  today we have announced new sanctions, including on the shocking repurposing of games console controllers to kill Ukrainians by Russia.
We are taking robust action at every step we can, not only directly, to choke off the Russian war machine, but in relation to second and third-country circumvention of those sanctions.
She can be assured that I have spent a lot of time on this issue in recent weeks.
The right hon.
Lady asks about the situation with Chelsea FC, and I refer her to my previous comments on that.
We are working at pace to meet the agreements that were made on that.
She points out the importance of the extraordinary revenue accelerator loan.
The first tranche of that has been disbursed.
In fact, I discussed this with the deputy Finance Minister of Ukraine just a few weeks ago, to ensure that they had access to those resources.
They do have access, and I am happy to write to her separately about the details of the further tranches that will be paid.
There is absolutely no softening of our commitment to the coalition of the willing.
Indeed, the Foreign Secretary met French, US, German and Ukrainian counterparts last week, underlining our shared commitments, and we are leading a coalition of willing nations to defend Ukraine’s security.
We will not get into the operational details, for obvious reasons, as the Defence Secretary made clear earlier this week.
The right hon.
Lady asks about Crimea.
The UK’s position regarding Ukrainian sovereignty is well known and has not changed: we do not recognise Russian sovereignty over any territory illegally seized from Ukraine, including Crimea.
When, how and on what terms this war comes to an end can be decided only by negotiations with Ukraine at the heart of them.
As one of the individuals who was sanctioned yesterday by the Kremlin, I ask the Minister whether he agrees that if Putin is serious about securing any sort of lasting peace in Ukraine, he should stop the performative sanctioning of democratically elected Members of this House and focus on stopping the murderous, barbaric killing of civilians in Ukraine and the invasion of that nation, which we stand with in full support.
Again, I utterly condemn the sanctioning of Members of this House, including my hon.
Friend.
I am on that list too, as are many other Members, and it is completely unacceptable; we are clear on that.
My hon.
Friend rightly points out examples of Russia’s actions in recent days—the horrific attacks, the deaths, the killing, the continued aggression—and of course Russia is the aggressor in this conflict.