The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked— What recent progress he has made on the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
The infected blood scandal is the worst medical scandal in the history of our NHS, and the infected blood compensation scheme was set up to provide some small measure of justice to victims and their families.
We have set aside £11.8 billion for victims, and since the scheme became law on  31 March , the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has the powers it needs to press ahead and make payments to those eligible for compensation.
The compensation payments began last December, and 69 people have accepted their offers, totalling more than £71 million.
My constituent, who is 77 years old, is a victim of the infected blood scandal.
He is worried that haemophilia patients infected with hepatitis are being sidelined by the compensation scheme.
He tells me that he was told those on the special category mechanism with hepatitis C would be upgraded to the same level as those with cirrhosis, but that position has now been reversed.
Will the Minister look into my constituent’s concerns about disparities for haemophiliacs infected with hepatitis?
I will certainly write to my hon.
Friend on the issue of the special category mechanism.
I reassure her that the Government’s objective is for all victims of the infected blood scandal to be able to achieve the compensation that they deserve.
My constituent, Mr Alan Kirkham, has been badly affected by the infected blood scandal.
He was infected with hepatitis C from a blood transfusion  in 1983.
I met Alan recently, and he has been campaigning for justice for years.
Will the Minister welcome and pay tribute to the work of campaigners like Alan?
Can he provide assurances that we are working at pace to deliver compensation?
Will he consider fast-tracking older and more vulnerable people?
I will certainly pay tribute to Alan and to the work of all campaigners over decades.
I am restless for progress, and I will support the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to deliver compensation as quickly as possible.
On fast-tracking for specific claimants, last week IBCA set out details of how it is prioritising claims from infected people nearing the end of their life.
What direct discussions has the Minister had with people in Scotland who have been impacted by the infected blood scandal about the slow pace of compensation payments?
In the course of the work I have done, I have not only spoken to groups in Scotland, but engaged with the Scottish Government’s Health Minister on this matter.
On the pace of the payments, IBCA has taken a test-and-learn approach, which allows it to deal with a sample of the cases and then subsequently to scale up.
IBCA is operationally independent, but I stand ready to provide all the support I can to speed up the payments.
My constituent Hazel, from Street, was infected with hepatitis C in the 1970s after receiving blood products following the birth of her child.
She suffered years of ill health and related problems, and is still waiting for the infected blood compensation scheme.
Her case is truly heart-
breaking, so what assurance can the Minister provide to people like Hazel that they will soon be supported?
First, I express my sympathy and, I am sure, that of the whole House to Hazel in respect of what she has been through.
The assurance I give is that this Government will act at pace.
That is what we did in putting the first set of regulations in place by  24 August  last year and by putting the second set of regulations in place by  31 March  this year.
I continue to stand ready to help and support IBCA, which is operationally independent, in any way that I can to speed up the payments.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
This Government believe in the power of good public services to provide security and opportunity, but we are clear that the way in which the state works has to change.
That is why we are reforming the planning system to get more houses built, why we have introduced free breakfast clubs to give children the best start to their day, why we have launched the AI action plan to drive the adoption of new tech in public services, and why a combination of investment and reform has helped us to cut NHS waiting lists for months in a row.
Labour was elected to get the NHS back on its feet, and that is exactly what we have been doing.
At Sandwell and West Birmingham hospitals NHS trust in my area, the waiting list has fallen by 10% since the election, which means that patients are finally getting the treatment they need.
One of the key things we have been doing is to look at things such as ambient AI to automate doctors’ notes and ensure that we have modern technology in the NHS.
Will the Minister set out what we are doing to ensure that the NHS adopts all technology and reform to ensure that patients are being seen as quickly as possible?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There is huge potential to increase NHS productivity through the adoption of new technology and AI.
As I have said, the combination of investment and reform has helped us meet our election pledge to deliver 2 million extra NHS appointments in England in the first year seven months early, but we want to go further.
We want to adopt the technology to which my hon.
Friend has referred to get maximum productivity and better outcomes for patients.