The Minister’s confirmation that the coalition of the willing will not permit the concession of any Ukrainian sovereign territory to Russia is most welcome, but I am not sure that I understand how that squares with Mr Trump’s current negotiating position, which seems to be based entirely on that.
Some 20,000 Ukrainian children have been stolen by the neo-Soviet Union and sovietised.
That is a war crime.
Did the meeting yesterday make it absolutely plain that no recognition of any concession based on war crimes will be admitted at any time?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks important questions.
He has heard what I had to say about the abducted children, and I completely share his passion, and his horror at what has happened.
I will not go into the details of what was discussed yesterday, but as I said, I spoke about this issue very recently with our Ukrainian counterparts, and I know that the Foreign Secretary takes a very keen interest in it.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about territory.
I will repeat what I said: we do not recognise Russian sovereignty over any territory illegally seized from Ukraine, including Crimea.
I was also one of the Members sanctioned by Putin yesterday for calling for this House to do everything we can to stop him.
The lesson of a century ago is that dictators like Putin cannot and will not stop unless we stop them, and the only way to stop him is through strength—through strong armed forces, a strong NATO and a strong nation.
How will we invest in our strength to stop Putin and keep ourselves safe?
Again, I condemn the sanction against my hon.
Friend.
He asks what we are doing to keep our citizens and all our allies safe, and to keep our shared security in place.
Again, I am pleased to be joined by the Minister for the Armed Forces.
This Government have stepped up resources for defence and security and  UK support to Ukraine.
We are increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2027, and have an ambition to reach 3%, and the UK is committed to providing Ukraine with £3 billion in military assistance this year and every year for as long as it takes.
I mentioned the ERA loan, and we also have export finance support, £1.6 billion of which is going on supplying Ukraine with more than 5,000 air defence missiles.
That is utterly crucial and makes a tangible difference, not least in the face of the barbaric attacks that we saw overnight.