What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the use of data by Government Departments.
When we came into power, the Government commissioned a comprehensive state of digital government review, which demonstrated just how far we have to go.
It set out a picture of fragmentation, silos and a failure to maximise the opportunity of data to personalise and target services.
The average UK adult citizen spends a week and a half dealing with government bureaucracy every year.
The Government have set out a plan to change this, and we are taking wide-ranging action: from creating the national data library to increasing the number of services that use gov.uk One Login.
I am glad the Minister mentioned the Government’s state of digital government review and its fairly excoriating conclusions.
It is clear that the public sector is not using data well enough.
It detailed the challenges, barriers and reluctance in getting the best out of the data available to Departments—some cannot even get their own arm’s length bodies to share data with them—and if we use data better, we can deliver government better.
Would the Minister meet me to discuss further how the Cabinet Office can lead in acting on the lessons of the review and ensuring that the citizen experience is put at the heart of the changes it makes?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
I am very passionate about this.
In local government, I saw how difficult it was for frontline staff who were not able to get data from different services.
Most importantly, citizens are having to tell their story to and share data with multiple services, which causes confusion.
We are working very closely with the new digital centre of government on this, and we have an action plan to address it.
However, I always welcome new ideas, because this could be really transformative for citizens.
Too often, when I am trying to get to the bottom of problems for my constituents in Ribble Valley, I get responses to written questions saying that Ministers just do not have the data available.
I applaud the Government for putting data at the heart of their plans, but I worry that we could get too carried away with looking at AI solutions before we get to solutions for actually collecting data in the first place.
Could the Minister reassure me on how we are working with local government to make sure we are collecting data from all possible sources in one place to start with, before we get to how we can make that more efficient?
The two issues are completely linked.
To use the opportunities of AI, which are enormous, to personalise services and target prevention, we need to have a clear data picture.
We need to be able to bring data together across different levels of Government.
There is a huge amount of data in Government, but some of it is stuck in legacy systems and not shared properly.
This is the absolute bedrock of the opportunity around AI, so it is something we are very committed to, especially working with local government.