9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold open and closed hearings to examine the findings Posture of the United States; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing in SVC-217.
SD-G50 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Tanya F. Otsuka, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Credit Union Administration Board, Mark Toshiro Uyeda, of California, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the ExportImport Bank of the United States, Jennifer L. Fain, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, and William Brodsky, of Illinois, both to be a Director SD-538 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the Department of Energy's due diligence process for awarding competitive grants and loans funded through the Inflation Reduction Act and the bipartisan Infrastructure Law and the Department's overall innovation investment strategy.
SD-366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Richard H. Riley IV, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Somalia, Mark Toner, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Liberia, and Herro Mustafa Garg, of California, to be Ambassador to the Arab Republic of Egypt, all of the Department of State, David E. White, Jr., of New York, to be Deputy Director of the Peace Corps, Paul K. Martin, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International Development, and other pending nominations.
SD-419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Mustafa Taher Kasubhai, to be United States District Judge for the District of Oregon, John A. Kazen, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Eumi K. Lee, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of California, Shanlyn A.S. Park, and Micah W.J. Smith, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Hawaii, and Jamel Semper, to be United States District Judge for the District.
SH-216 2 p.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine Israel and Ukraine against terror.
2247-RHOB