10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold joint hearings to examine military to civilian transition, focusing on success after service.
SD-G50 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine achieving health care efficiency, focusing on improving care and lowering costs.
SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael G. Whitaker, of Vermont, to be Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, Rebecca Kelly Slaughter, of Maryland, Melissa Holyoak, of Utah, and Andrew N. Ferguson, of Virginia, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner, Anthony Rosario Coscia, of New Jersey, Christopher Koos, of Illinois, and Joel Matthew Szabat, of Maryland, each to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, Douglas Dziak, of Virginia, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and routine lists in the Coast Guard.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the implications of Sackett v. U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for Clean Water Act of wetlands and streams.
SD-406 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine Medicare Advantage annual enrollment, focusing on cracking down on deceptive practices and improving senior experiences.
SH-216 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Monica M. Bertagnolli, of Massachusetts, to be Director of the National Institutes of Health, Department of Health and Human Services.
SD-430 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jacob J. Lew, of New York, to be Ambassador to the State of Israel.
SD-419 2 p.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Space and Science To hold hearings to examine promoting safety, innovation, and competitiveness in U.S. commercial human space activities.
SR-253 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration, Citizenship, and Border Safety To hold hearings to examine the nation's immigration courts, focusing on preserving due process and the rule SD-226