Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize Fire Chief Jeff Gregory for his dedicated service to the Patterson Fire Department and, at this moment, celebrate his thoroughly earned retirement.
Chief Gregory was raised in the Modesto area and has lived in Patterson since 1979.
He is married and has two daughters.
His involvement in the fire service began as a firefighter with the Patterson Volunteer Fire Department in June of 1986.
Chief Gregory worked his way up through the Volunteer Fire Service ranks and became a Volunteer Captain on September 1, 2001.
In December, he was promoted again to Volunteer Battalion Chief.
On May 1, 2003, his full-time fire service career began when he was hired by the City of Patterson Fire Department, in a partnership with the West Stanislaus Fire Protection District, as the Division Chief.
In this new role, Chief Gregory's duties included training coordination, facilities maintenance, and overseeing the purchasing, maintenance, and repair of the fire apparatus and emergency equipment.
Chief Gregory was ultimately appointed as the permanent Fire Chief on September 21, 2016.
Throughout his tenure as Fire Chief, he has had numerous accomplishments and achievements that have improved the delivery of fire, rescue, and emergency medical services to Western Stanislaus County.
One of his successes includes improving and expanding the Patterson Fire Department's Advanced Life Support Program to ensure that both city fire stations and assigned apparatus have advanced life support equipment available to on-duty Fire Paramedics.
Chief Gregory has also been instrumental in modernizing the fire fleet and emergency equipment for the City of Patterson and West Stanislaus Fire Agencies.
Chief Gregory's vision for the fire service has significantly improved the force and has also had a positive impact on his community.
During the Covid-19 Pandemic, Chief Gregory would often work or remain on-call for over 100 hours per week to ensure that everyone in the City of Patterson or the West Stanislaus Fire District would receive help when they called 911 for assistance.
Chief Gregory's commitment to public service, spanning 37 years, is truly commendable.
Every day, he tirelessly strived to serve the people comfort.
His service will be greatly missed by his community and everyone who worked alongside him.