She was

instrumental in bringing new jobs to the city, improving resources for

the homeless population, and leading domestic violence awareness

campaigns.
She significantly expanded various services for Arvin

residents, including the new Bakersfield College Arvin Campus, the

first Urgent Care Center and food bank, and the Arvin Kiwanis Club for

youth leadership development.
Mayor Trujillo was a trailblazing leader,

passionate about the well-being of all residents of the community.
Mr.

join me in honoring the incredible life of Mayor Olivia Trujillo.
Her

service to the Arvin community will be felt for generations to come.
My

thoughts and prayers are with her family during this difficult time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SUSIE BELL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Susie Bell of

Canon City for being inducted into the Fremont Hall of Fame.
Susie was a pillar in Fremont County and spent decades improving the

community before her passing in November of 2023.
Her many

philanthropic contributions and hours of volunteer work continue to

have a transformative impact on students and so many others in Fremont

County.
Susie was committed to advancing education--she built several

scholarships for current and future learners, supported early childhood

development programs, and donated and volunteered for many events to

promote the arts.
Her tireless work and dedication to Fremont County

did not go unnoticed.
She will be missed, but her contributions will

last for generations.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Susie Bell for being inducted into

Fremont Hall of Fame and thank her for her contribution and commitment

to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, March 21, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DEBORAH KALLICK-

HON.
ADAM B. SCHIFF

Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my good friend Deborah

Kallick, who is retiring from her role as Vice President of Government

and Industry Relations at Cedars-Sinai Health System after 24 years of

service to our Southern California community.
Deborah grew up in Beverly Hills, California, as a first-generation

American, with her mother coming from Odesa, Ukraine, and her father

from Munich, Germany.
She earned her B.A. from Pitzer College in 1978

and her M.B.A. from USC in 1983.
Before joining Cedars-Sinai, she

served as UCLA's Executive Director of Federal and Health Sciences

Government Relations from 1985 to 2000.
A dedicated advocate at all levels of government for the health care

delivery system, Deborah has served as Cedars-Sinai's legislative

steward in Los Angeles, Sacramento, and Washington, D.C. Cedars-Sinai

is a leading provider of care to Californians on Medi-Cal, the state's

Medicaid program, and Deborah has played a major role in expanding this

program so that the most vulnerable in our community have access to

health care services.