His only crime was his determination to speak out in the face of

oppression and advocate for a Russia free from Putin's control.
Throughout his imprisonment, Navalny never lost his sense of optimism

and hope for the future.
He remained positive, even telling jokes in

court less than 24 hours before his death.
While in prison in the Arctic Circle, Navalny continued being a

strong voice for freedom, relying on his family, lawyers, and other

supporters to speak out on his behalf and stand defiant against Putin's

evil regime.
He was a man of deep conviction who never faltered in his mission, no

matter the cost.
He was one of the bravest, most principled men I have ever met, and

his memory will never be forgotten.
The United States must continue

Navalny's legacy and stand up against Putin's efforts to trample

freedom in Europe and around the world.
May we never stop fighting to secure peace and democracy for all

those who seek it, just as Navalny so courageously did.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE O'NEAL SCHOOL ON WINNING THEIR FIRST GIRLS BASKETBALL

STATE TITLE

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the O'Neal

School's varsity girls basketball team on winning their first ever

state basketball title.
Last month, for the first time in school history, the women of the

O'Neal School won the North Carolina Independent Schools Athletic

Association (NCISAA) 2A basketball state championship.
The Falcons won

this year's championship by a final score of 48-32 over Wayne County

Day School.
This victory caps off what was an incredible year for the

Falcons, who finished the season with a 30-1 record.
This is a

momentous and well-deserved achievement.
The coaches and players of the O'Neal School's girls basketball team

have brought great pride to both their school and the whole of Moore

County.
I wish them all the best and hope to see them continue their

great success next season.
Go Falcons.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating the coaches and

athletes of the O'Neal School on their victory in this season's NCISAA

2A basketball state championship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF JOHN KELLEY

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

distinguished career and public service of Police Chief John Kelley

from the town of Vernon, Connecticut that is drawing to an honorable

end on March 22, 2024.
Chief Kelley's devotion to duty in the U.S. Army

Reserve and the Vernon Police Department focused on defending our

nation and ensuring public safety has always been about caring for and

serving others.
As a resident of Vernon for over forty years, I have

had the privilege to personally witness the positive impact he has had

on our town, which is deep and meaningful.
A Vernon native, Chief Kelly grew up in a family whose patriarch

Robert Kelley served in town fire service for 42 years, 21 of which as

Fire Chief.
I also knew Bob Kelley and worked with him on fire

department issues during my time as town attorney and state

representative.
Bob was a true gentleman who led his department by

example, a trait that his son followed, with great success.
John Kelley

attended Vernon schools and graduated from Rockville High School.
After

high school, he then enrolled at the University of Connecticut in

Storrs, where he studied Criminal Justice and Sociology, which

obviously signaled the direction he would follow later in life.
After

graduation his journey of public service began.
He enlisted in the U.S.

Army Reserve, where he honorably served for 6 years.
Chief Kelley began his career in public safety when he was hired by

his hometown police department on January 29, 1996.
His diligent work

resulted in a cascade of training awards and frequent promotions.