Title: AMERICAN INSTITUTE FOR FOREIGN STUDY 60TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
49

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

AMERICAN INSTITUTE FOR FOREIGN STUDY 60TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the American

Institute For Foreign Study (AIFS) in Stamford, Connecticut, as they

celebrate their 60th anniversary.
Since their inception in 1964, AIFS

has pioneered cultural exchange and educational enrichment, having

impacted the lives of over 1.8 million individuals and deepened

relationships across international borders.
In partnership with the U.S. Department of State, AIFS continues to

operate a diverse selection of programs for their nearly 40,000 annual

participants, including study and travel abroad, high school exchange,

camp counselor, and intern/trainee programs, which epitomize the

Administration's dedication to diverse partnerships.
It is my unique

honor to recognize the American Institute For Foreign Study for their

60th anniversary.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating AIFS and

their dedication to cross-cultural exchange.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE HAMPTON HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL TEAM ON THEIR STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

Hampton High School Men's Basketball Team from Hampton, Virginia on

becoming the Virginia High School League's Class 4 State Champions.
On Friday, March 8, 2024, the Hampton Crabbers won the championship

game against the Tuscarora Huskies with a score of 66-63.
Led by Coach

Eric Brown, the Crabbers won this title for the sixth time, the first

since 2012.
Hampton High School closed their season with a record of 26

wins and 2 losses, maintaining a 16-game winning streak.
Throughout the game, the Crabbers and Huskies fought for control of

the court, with the Crabbers maintaining the lead.
But victory for the

Crabbers would not come easily, as the Huskies consistently chipped

away at their lead.
With 20 seconds left on the clock, senior Daron

Baugh sank two free-throws to give the Crabbers the final 66-63 lead.
The Crabbers fought hard and stayed determined until the game was over,

and because of that, they were able to secure the championship.
Mr. Speaker, I want to again congratulate the Hampton High School

Basketball Team and thank Coach Brown, the parents, and the entire

Hampton High School community for supporting these students throughout

the season.
They have all made their community proud.
I wish them the

best in their future endeavors, and I wish the program continued

success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALEXEI NAVALNY

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Alexei Navalny, who made the ultimate sacrifice in his fight for

freedom, democracy, and basic human rights.
For more than a decade, Navalny courageously led the unflinching

opposition against Russian President Vladimir Putin and his evil

cronies.
Determined to create a truly democratic Russia, Navalny exposed Putin

for who he truly is: a murderous, corrupt dictator.
In August of 2020, officers of the Russian government attempted to

kill Navalny by poison, forcing him to be evacuated and hospitalized in

Germany.
Despite this attempt on his life, Navalny never wavered and, after

miraculously recovering from this attempted murder, insisted on

returning to Russia to continue his mission of bringing freedom to his

countrymen.
Upon his return home, Navalny was wrongfully imprisoned by Russian

authorities for the remainder of his life and, tragically, to his

death.
His only crime was his determination to speak out in the face of

oppression and advocate for a Russia free from Putin's control.
Throughout his imprisonment, Navalny never lost his sense of optimism

and hope for the future.
He remained positive, even telling jokes in

court less than 24 hours before his death.