We know the impact that mandatory pay gap reporting can have on tackling low pay and in-work poverty, but little progress is being made on tackling the disability pay gap, which is higher now than it was a decade ago, with disabled people earning on average £3,400 less—effectively working for 47 days for free.
When will the Government introduce mandatory disability pay gap reporting, and what steps is the Secretary of State taking to close the gap?
The hon.
Lady raises a significant issue around ensuring that disabled people are able to access employment and are paid properly.
We have no plans to introduce mandatory disability pay gap reporting—no plans to introduce disability pay gap reporting at all.
Unlike gender pay gap reporting, which is very simple, binary and easy to execute, disability pay gap reporting, like ethnicity pay gap reporting, is very complex.
There are a range of disabilities that could not be easily monitored, so I would like to work with her on other areas where we can help to improve the lives of disabled people at work.
We do not believe that disability pay gap reporting is the answer.
Israel is one of the United Kingdom’s most dynamic trading partners, so does my right hon.
Friend agree that prioritising a free trade deal with Israel will complement the good work that the Government are doing to defeat the haters as part of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters)
Bill, and send an unmistakeable message that the UK stands ready to strengthen our unbreakable friendship with Israel?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Israel’s current relationship with the UK is worth about £6.4 billion, but our FTA is a roll-over of the one that Israel signed in 1995 with the EU.
It does not take into account services, digital, artificial intelligence or genome sequencing.
There is a lot that we can do.
That is why we are working on this FTA.
It is a priority for us.
As I said earlier, we  face many challenges in carrying on negotiations with a country that is at war, but we are working to overcome them.
Quarter 4 of 2023 was the 10th quarter in a row in which more British businesses closed their doors than opened up.
Just yesterday, a small business owner in Twickenham contacted me to tell me that his business was on the brink.
If the Secretary of State will not consider business rate reform, as my hon.
Friend the Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine) suggested, what is she doing to help our small and medium-sized businesses, and to stem the tide of insolvencies?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
We do not shy away from the fact that things have been difficult for businesses, with the covid crisis, of course, followed by the cost of doing business crisis.
That is why we stepped in to support businesses, with a £4.3 billion package for rates last autumn, which has helped many businesses to get through a difficult time.
Unfortunately, that support has not been passed on in Scotland and Wales, but it certainly has in England.
I am very happy to meet with her to discuss her particular business problem.
Because of its very large population and economic activity, Nigeria offers many opportunities for British businesses.
I understand that there was a recent ministerial visit to that country.
Could we have a brief report of the outcome of that visit?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I signed the enhanced trade and investment partnership in Nigeria, alongside my counterpart, Dr Doris Uzoka-Anite, on  Tuesday 13 February  this year.
It was the first of its kind in terms of the UK’s trade commitments across the region.
The partnership aims to remove market access barriers and promote technical co-operation in areas such as financial and professional services.
The UK and Nigeria have co-created a partnership that tackles issues that businesses face, and this is the first step in a significant relationship and an already strong trading partnership worth a total of £6.7 billion in the 12 months to September.
Last week, Carl Cresswell, director of business resilience in the Department for Business and Trade, told the Select Committee  that he personally thinks that we will end up spending more money on Horizon compensation overall than that £1 billion currently allocated by the Treasury, but we did not hear anything about that in yesterday’s Budget.
Does the Secretary of State share that view?
We have always been clear that the £1 billion is not a cap.
Clearly, the amount of compensation that needs to be paid for redress is to get people back to where they were before the scandal took place.
At the moment, we are not nearing that £1 billion, but I think that over time we will be.
As I say, it is not a cap; if we need to raise the amount, we will.
I understand that another round of negotiations is about to start in  India on our long-promised trade deal.
The original proposal was to complete the trade deal by Diwali.
This year, Diwali is on  1 November , so will the Secretary of State give us an update on negotiations and agree that we should conclude the deal by  1 November ?