May we have a debate in Government time—it would be nice—to talk about Mid Devon District Council?
I know I have talked about it before, but it has now gone beyond a joke.
There are now no planning enforcement officers in Mid Devon District Council, as all the staff have gone.
It is a free-for-all for developers.
More importantly, the council have moved to waste collection every three weeks.
That is not a problem, except the  service has been taken over by a draconian “1984”-style group of councillors who are determined to make the lives of the people of Tiverton and mid-Devon impossible.
The chair of scrutiny, who is incompetent and lazy, is doing nothing to scrutinise any of this.
We cannot have local government being run by people who seem to be out to make the lives of local people miserable, so please may we have a debate on local government?
It is sometimes said that in response to questions I refer the hon.
Member to the answer I gave some moments ago, but my hon.
Friend could stand up every week and refer me to the question he asked the week before.
He is assiduous in his campaigning to highlight the failures of his local authority, and I expect to see him doing exactly the same thing next week.
Passengers must feel confident when making train journeys.
In the last two weeks alone, there were major cancellations on South Western Railway, as well as mass delays on Southern and Thameslink.
At the same time, rail fares rose by nearly 5% on Sunday.
Everybody is paying more for less.
Is it not high time we had a debate in Government time on how we can support our crumbling rail infrastructure?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Department has made recent announcements on considerable uplifts to rail infrastructure.
There have been particular issues with the service provided by South Western Railway and the quality of its rolling stock.
The next Transport questions will not be for some time, so I will raise the hon.
Lady’s concerns with the Secretary of State and ask that his officials get in touch with her.
The Royal Air Force Museum in Colindale is one of London’s premier tourist attractions and many people use the tube to visit it.
However, Transport for London and the Mayor of London have decided that the works to upgrade Colindale tube station necessitate a six-month closure.
That is dire for commuters but also for visitors to the RAF Museum.
Will a Minister come to the Dispatch Box to advise what assistance can be provided to mitigate yet more unintended consequences from decisions made by the disastrous Mayor?