The trade and co-operation agreement has hit small and medium-sized exporters the hardest, as most do not individually have the capacity to deal with the additional bureaucracy and paperwork created by that trade deal.
Does the Minister recognise that the TCA has disproportionately damaged the competitiveness of SMEs?
What support can the Government offer SMEs to recapture the market share they have lost in Europe since then?
There has not really been a loss in the market share.
I have talked about what is happening internationally.
We appreciate that small and medium-sized enterprises may not have the resources they need to export into new markets.
That is why we have the UK Export Academy, international trade advisers, Help to Grow and the export support service.
We are also looking at what trade barriers we can break down and bust to make it even easier for SMEs to access new markets through the trade deals secured by the Secretary of State.
What steps she is taking to help support the steel industry.
Our commitment to the UK steel sector is clear.
The Government are contributing up to £500 million in a joint investment with Tata Steel.
We are in talks with British Steel following our generous offers of support.
We have delivered more than £730 million in energy costs relief since 2013, and the British industry supercharger is coming soon.
We updated our procurement policy note to ensure we are procuring more in the UK, and we are trying to do everything we can to continue to support the steel sector.
We are all disappointed that the Government, having abandoned Teesside steel several years ago, are now ready to give up on primary steelmaking in the UK and to rely on recycled material utilising electric arc furnaces.
I am pleased to hear that Teesside is pencilled in for one of them, but not so pleased that there have been attempts locally to circumvent proper procedures to secure planning consent.
Will the Minister look into that?
More importantly, will she confirm that the Government have a final copper-bottomed agreement with the industry that the furnace will definitely be built on Teesside?
A number of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman raises are fundamentally locally.
We work closely with Mayor Ben Houchen, who has done a remarkable amount of work for his part of the country.
The reality is that the steel sector was placed in an area of uncertainty for some time.
We were able to provide support for Tata, which has ensured that the steelworks continue at Port Talbot.
We provided the largest grant ever made available to steel, and we are now in conversation with British Steel.
That is what it means to have a long- term steel strategy to ensure that steelmaking continues here in the UK.
What steps her Department is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises through the Small Business Council.
On  1 February , the Government reaffirmed our commitment to all the UK’s 5.5 million small businesses with the creation of the new  Small Business Council, which is looking at key areas, such as improving business support, access to finance, support and advice, and breaking down barriers, including barriers to female entrepreneurship.
As chair of the women and enterprise all-party parliamentary group, it has been fantastic to see the boom in female-led businesses over the past few years.
We now want to see consideration of how some of them can grow.
Can the Minister set out how the new Small Business Council can help them to do that?