The Minister just referenced the Government’s kinship strategy, which was published in December.
Their own strategy has recognised that kinship carers in employment often report the need to give up work or reduce their hours to be able to care for the children they support; it cites a survey revealing that 45% of kinship carers give up work and a similar number have to reduce their hours permanently.
Given the Minister’s desire to drive up employment and the fact that kinship carers stepping up overnight to look after children saves the taxpayer a huge amount of money in comparison with when children go into local authority care, why are the Government not making paid employment leave a statutory right and only publishing guidance?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
We call on local authorities to be considerate to people who are in employment when they take on a child to look after in a kinship care situation.
We think that employers are the right people to make sure that any provision we provide is a floor, not a ceiling.
Companies such as John Lewis take a very considerate approach to people in that situation.
We urge them to do so, but we also encourage local authorities, which have budgets allocated to this particular issue, to provide support where they can.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of infrastructure on levels of business investment.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of infrastructure on levels of business investment.
High-quality infrastructure is crucial for delivering economic growth.
To quote a previous Prime Minister: “You and I come by road and rail, but economists travel on infrastructure.”
We know how important investment is.
The whole House will agree that the UK is the leading light when it comes to offshore wind farms, where we are already securing investment.
Let me point to a few examples of further investment: Nissan is investing £2 billion in new electric car models in the UK, Microsoft and Google have announced data centres worth over £3 billion, and my Secretary of State oversaw the global investment summit, unlocking £30 billion of investment.
In fact, since 2010 we have secured more inward investment than any other country in Europe.
Over the last few years, we have received the third highest amount in the world, after the United States and China.
I could go on, Mr Speaker, but I might test your patience.
That is all very well, but the Government’s decision to defer the banning of petrol and diesel vehicles until 2035 has led to huge uncertainty among consumers and investors, as the Minister well knows.
Compared with other countries, it seems that the Government lack ambition when it comes to investment in electric vehicle infrastructure.
France, for example, will have something like 400,000 installations by 2030—50% more than the UK.
What plans does the Minister have to ensure that the UK’s investment keeps up with our competitors and meets the growing demand for electric vehicles?
As the Minister for the auto sector, I am very keen to ensure that we are breaking bad memes around the electric vehicle sector.
We are doing a huge amount of work in this space.
At the moment, we have 53,600 public charge points.
We have a rapid charging fund and a local electric vehicle infrastructure fund— I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman’s local authority will want to tap into those.
The Department for Transport is working with local authorities to ensure that they have charging strategies.
We have a £381 million local EV infrastructure fund, which will deliver tens of thousands more charging points and support for on-street residential charge points, too.
It is really important that local authorities are aware of the funds available, and I suggest that the hon.
Gentleman get in touch with the DFT to support the installation of charging points in his constituency.
I do not think that any hon.
or right hon.
Member could disagree in general terms with the Minister’s reply.
It would have been a more interesting reply if she had made an assessment of the reduction in investment since the cancellation of High Speed 2, because there is no doubt, as she said, that investment in rail infrastructure leads to business investment all along the route.
We can see that in Birmingham and Manchester, and we can now see the lack of new investment because of the cancellation.
Was it not a mistake to swap that investment, which would have led to many new high-technology jobs, for money to replace what has been taken from local government to fill potholes?
In my previous response, I wanted to expose the opportunities and grants that are available to ensure that charging points are criss-crossing the country.
Often parliamentarians are not aware of all the great work we are doing.
On HS2, just last week we announced the extra support that will be made available for local transport plans, which cover everything including rail, road and even buses and, of course, potholes.
Network Rail has received £36 billion from the Government to improve transport in every region of the UK.
Just last week, we announced an extra £4.7 billion of additional funding for local transport authorities in the north and midlands.
We want to make sure that decisions on transport are made locally and that the infrastructure is needed  and wanted by local communities, which is why we  are making sure that the funds from HS2 are being made available.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of  regulatory costs on small and medium-sized enterprises.
We are hacking through the red tape, not least with our smarter regulation programme.
We have announced reforms to employment law and the recording requirements of the working time directive, which will save UK businesses up to £1 billion, particularly benefiting SMEs.
I note that the Minister welcomed yesterday’s Budget as helping small businesses, particularly in the hospitality sector, which is very hard hit in my constituency.
One of the problems that many businesses tell us about is the business rates system.
More businesses have failed in the past two and a half years than have been established.
In Scotland, we often find that while the downsides of this Government’s policy are happily passed on by the Scottish Government, any benefits are not.
We would like to see complete reform of the rating system—not tinkering but reform.
Can the Minister tell us whether widespread reform is planned?
How would he plan to do it?
How could businesses in Scotland also benefit?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to point to some of the difficulties in the hospitality sector.
I speak to hospitality entrepreneurs in my constituency and across the country who are finding it difficult, which is why we stepped in with, first, a package of about £13 billion of business rates support, and there was £4.3 billion of business rates support last autumn.
We passed the equivalent moneys on to the Scottish Government to pass on to their hospitality venues, but they passed on none of it.
A typical pub in Scotland is £15,000 worse off than a typical pub in England, and a typical guest house is £30,000 worse off.
That is why Scotland has a 30% higher failure rate than England.
Similarly, a typical pub in Labour-run Wales is £6,000 worse off and a typical guest house is £12,000 worse off, and there is a 19% higher failure rate.
It is critical that the benefits are passed on to those businesses, and that we look for structural reform.
Anyone who wants to scrap business rates needs to show where the £22.5 billion of income will come from, rather than simply saying that they will scrap them without announcing a replacement.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of publicly naming employers for the enforcement of the national minimum wage.
Since 2011, we have published 20 press releases and named around 3,200 employers that have, in total, repaid over £41 million in arrears to over 460,000 workers.
We have recently had round 20 of the scheme.
Naming and shaming serves as a deterrent, but should we not go further against persistent offenders?
Paying the minimum wage is not an opt-out; it is a law that no company is above.
Stronger penalties,  including fines proportionate to the severity of the violation, to ensure that no employer can exploit its workers with impunity, would level the balance between employers and employees.
Will the Minister commit to exploring these measures to safeguard the rights and the dignity of workers?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point to this measure.
We know that naming and shaming is a significant deterrent against underpayment of the national minimum wage, and we are very keen to ensure that naming continues.
Alas, in the most recent naming and shaming round, 2,800 minimum wage investigations returned more than £16.3 million in arrears to over 120,000 workers.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs issued businesses with nearly 700 fines, totalling £13.2 million.
As the hon.
Gentleman recognises, naming and shaming alone is a significant deterrent and we intend to continue doing it.