My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury South (Christian Wakeford)  is right that too many employers still think they can opt out of paying the minimum wage.
Earlier this week, the Low Pay Commission published its 2023 report, which said that non-compliance “appears persistent” in the social care sector.
I have heard a range of evidence citing problems with record keeping, exploitation of migrant workers, and workers routinely not being paid for travel time.
It is clear that the social care sector has a real issue with the minimum wage but, when browsing through the latest naming and shaming list published by the Department a couple of week ago, I found only 17 employers classed as being within the social care sector, which is less than 0.1% of the total number of employers in the sector.
What will the Minister do to ensure that everyone working in the social care sector gets at least the minimum wage?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this issue, on which we do much.
For example, we make sure that people can anonymously report the underpayment of the national living wage through either His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs or ACAS.
It is really important that we do that.
We have labour market enforcement undertakings and orders, and we provide the tools for serious cases.
As of April 2022, 40 employers were on labour market enforcement undertakings and 18 employers have been prosecuted.
The message should be loud and clear to employers that if they do not comply with the law, we will take action.
When she plans to publish the smart data road map.
My officials are co-ordinating and leading on the drafting of the road map, which will set out the Government’s ambition for future smart data scheme development across seven different sectors.
We will publish that very shortly.
I am delighted to hear that the road map is coming very shortly.
My hon.
Friend will recall that I asked this question just before Christmas and he said it would be out in January.
We were then hoping it might be coming out in yesterday’s otherwise excellent Budget, but it did not.
Other countries are coming up on the rails and trying to overtake us.
The noise of the approaching herd is growing in our ears, so can we please move as fast as possible on this?
My hon.
Friend is right to hold our feet to the fire on this.
We are pressing forward and we are determined to get it right, not just out quickly.
He rightly said that I set the ambition to get it out in January, and that has put officials’ feet to the fire as well in getting it out.
I signed off the road map yesterday, so it should be out very shortly.
I do not agree that other nations are hot on our heels on this issue, as we are way ahead.
There are billions of calls in open banking every month, and millions are using this every day without even knowing it.
We are going to extend those opportunities to energy, telecoms and, crucially, small and medium-sized enterprise finance, making the journey for SMEs to get business finance far easier.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week, I travelled to Abu Dhabi for the 13th World Trade Organisation ministerial conference, where I met counterparts from many countries, including Australia, New Zealand, Canada and South Africa, along with trade representatives from the United States, European Union and the Gulf Co-operation Council.
Alongside WTO members, we negotiated real outcomes for the UK and important agreements with our trading partners.
We delivered for British business through the renewal of the e-commerce moratorium, a global agreement to avoid taxes on online transactions, from emails to movies and music.
Building on the momentum from the 13th ministerial conference, we will continue to champion free, fair, open trade at every opportunity, recognising its potential to lower costs and increase prosperity, both here in the UK and around the world.