Last month, the Secretary of State said at the Dispatch Box that she could state explicitly that trade talks with Canada had not broken down.
However, the Canadian high commission has since contradicted that in writing, saying that neither negotiations nor technical discussions with respect to any of the outstanding issues have occurred since the UK unilaterally broke them off on  25 January .
Mr Speaker, I just want to know who is telling the truth.
I am very happy to expand on what I said last time I was at the Dispatch Box on this topic.
I repeat that our engagement with Canada on trade issues has been extensive across multiple Departments covering the free trade agreement, cheese quotas and rules of origin.
On  25 January , the UK confirmed to Canada that we would pause FTA talks on the basis that cheese access had been removed and that Canada had signalled that rules of origin provisions would not be extended.
That is how negotiations work.
I can tell the hon.
Member that there was a meeting on  8 February  between the Foreign Secretary and his Canadian counterpart where the cheese issue was discussed, and I raised cheese and rules of origin directly with the Canadians in Abu Dhabi last week.
I must say to the hon.
Member that chasing headlines based on things he has been told by the people with whom we are negotiating is not helpful to achieving the outcomes that our businesses, farmers and auto industry want to see.
That was a lot of words for the Secretary of State to use to say that she believes the Canadian high commission was correct in the answer that it gave.
May I ask an important question about the proposed UK carbon border adjustment mechanism?
Labour very much supports the introduction of a UK CBAM, but we are concerned that the Government will do so a year after the EU, resulting in the UK potentially being flooded with carbon-intensive products originally destined for Europe, including steel, cement and fertiliser.
Do the Government recognise that danger?
If they do, what is their plan?
Just on the first point, if the hon.
Member still wants to believe Canada before the UK, that is his business, but we on the Conservative Benches know who we are working for, and we are working for British businesses.
On the hon.
Member’s second point, carbon leakage is a global problem facing all countries that are ambitious in tackling climate change, and we are working with international partners on how we tackle it together.
We are following developments on the EU CBAM closely, and we are engaging with the European Commission to discuss technical considerations relevant to UK manufacturers.
We share its concerns on carbon leakage, but we need to make sure that the UK response, whatever it is, is tailored to what the UK needs, not just a copying and pasting of what others are doing.
Kettering is the beating heart of the east midlands economy, so will the Secretary of State be kind enough to facilitate a visit from her ministerial team to Ball Corporation in Burton Latimer?
It has the newest, largest and most modern aluminium can manufacturing plant in Europe and a fantastic example of the very best of successful foreign direct investment into the UK economy.
I commend the Ball Corporation in Burton Latimer for all it is doing.
I also thank my hon.
Friend for what he is doing to promote inward investment, which supported more than 2,800 jobs across the east midlands in 2023.
He has spoken to me before about the importance of the Ball Corporation to Kettering, and I am happy to confirm that either myself or one of my Ministers would be delighted to visit when diaries allow.