I have repeatedly asked Ministers whether any strings were attached to the £500 million of taxpayers’ money that was given to Tata Steel, particularly with regard to job guarantees.
I have not had a straight answer, so I will try again today.
Can the Secretary of State please confirm whether any conditionality was attached to the £500 million, or did the Government simply buy Tata Steel’s bluff about closure, and give it £500 million so that we could make 2,800 people redundant?
The hon.
Gentleman attends the transition board meetings, so he knows that his question is not really relevant to what he is trying to get to the bottom of.
We provided £500 million to ensure that steel making continues in Port Talbot.
Tata made it clear that it was uneconomic and unsustainable to continue with steel making, so the support that we have given will ensure that north of 5,000 jobs will continue in Port Talbot, and it will support supply chains.
On top of that, £100 million has been provided to the transition board, so that its members, including the hon.
Gentleman, the unions and all the local representatives, can ensure that local people who need to go through transition get the support that they need.
Without that support, there would not be any future steel making at Port Talbot.
When will the Secretary of State wake up to the huge potential of universities to tackle all the problems in society, including climate change?
Will she come to Huddersfield, which has one of the best universities in the country?
It is working with local businesses to make the future safe for our country.
If the hon.
Gentleman sent a proposal to my office about what we could do on a visit to the University of Huddersfield, I would be very keen to take a look.
We support our universities.
If he has a specific business and trade angle in mind, we will see what we can do, if diaries allow.
Mr Hussein from east Devon, whom I represent, has effectively been robbed of £100,000, given that £40,000 of sub-standard building work has to be levelled and destroyed.
The Federation of Master Builders has campaigned for a compulsory licence scheme for construction companies.
The Domestic Buildings Works (Consumer Protection) Bill would outlaw cowboy builders, provide compensation for consumers and ensure that reputable builders were not undercut by unlicensed rogues.
Will the Minister take a fresh look at that Bill?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Some of the most frequent correspondence that I get from colleagues from across the House relates to rogue builders.
We are determined to ensure that this does not happen to our constituents.
We advise them to use builders registered with TrustMark, which is a trusted scheme, to ensure that work is done properly.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss that potential legislation.
Goldman Sachs has found that Brexit Britain has significantly underperformed compared with other advanced economies; the result is that UK GDP is 5% lower than it would have been had we not left the European Union.
Does the Secretary of State appreciate that best way to grow the economy, boost business confidence and reduce trade barriers is to rejoin to the EU?
I recommend to the hon.
Lady the report produced by my Department on  31 January  about the benefits of Brexit.
It explains exactly what is happening with the UK economy.
Claiming that GDP would have been 5% higher when we are outperforming our G7 partners is simply not credible.
She wants to take us back to square one, but that is exactly the reason why people need to stick with the Conservative plan.
I am very encouraged by the Secretary of State’s comments about the free trade deal with Israel.
The UK is a friend of Israel, and Israel is a friend of the UK, so what more can we do to increase trade between us?
More importantly—and very regionally —how can the Secretary of State ensure that Northern Ireland is very much part of that trade deal, so that companies in Strangford and across Northern Ireland also feel the benefit?
The hon.
Gentleman will remember that we had the Northern Ireland investment summit, at which we talked about bringing more investment into Northern Ireland.
He will know that around 500 Israeli firms operate in the United Kingdom.
That investment from overseas is creating thousands of jobs in high-value sectors, and a free trade agreement will help to increase the investment.
That will benefit businesses in Northern Ireland, too.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  11 March  will include: Monday 11 March —Continuation of the Budget debate.
Tuesday 12 March —Conclusion of the Budget debate.
Wednesday 13 March —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) (No. 2) Bill.
Thursday 14 March —Estimates day.
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Department for Education, in so far as it relates to special educational needs and disabilities provision; and the Home Office, in so far as it relates to asylum and migration.
At 5 pm, the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Friday 15 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  18 March  includes: Monday 18 March —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Anticipation and Adjustments)
Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill.
Tuesday 19 March —Remaining stages of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill
[Lords].
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
This week, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology made a grovelling apology and retracted baseless allegations she made against a member of her own advisory body on her personal Twitter account—allegations that were based on a dodgy dossier produced by a Conservative think-tank.
Remarkably, the damages paid out came from taxpayers’ money from her Department.
This is a new low for ministerial standards, so perhaps the Leader of the House can clarify a few things.
Was the £15,000 paid in damages the total cost borne by the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology?
Apparently, the Secretary of State was given appropriate advice, but did she follow it, or were her accusations against the advice she received?
If they were, surely she should personally pay the costs.
Will the Leader of the House urgently ensure that the Secretary of State is accountable to Parliament?
The Government cannot have it both ways: if the money was paid by taxpayers because it related to the Secretary of State’s ministerial responsibilities, she must come to Parliament as a Minister and account for that.
Other Ministers were told that their Twitter accounts were matters for them personally.
Does the Secretary of State still have the confidence of the Leader of the House?
All we got from yesterday’s Budget was old news, briefed and leaked to the papers before it was given to Parliament.
The next time that the Leader of the House cries crocodile tears for the rights of this place, she could reflect on the Government’s failure to stand by the parliamentary convention that Budgets are delivered in the Chamber first.
I am sure that she was relieved  that her marginal constituency did not get a namecheck, because her colleagues were all complaining that their namecheck was the kiss of death.
On the substance, the verdict is now in.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that tax receipts as a proportion of GDP are set to rise to their highest level since the second world war.
The Resolution Foundation says that the big picture has not changed: taxes are heading up, and this will be the first Parliament in modern history in which living standards fall to be lower at the end than they were at the start.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies agrees that households are worse off since the last election, and no sooner had the Chancellor sat down than the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , criticised a key plank of the energy plans on Twitter.
The public’s verdict is also in.
A snap poll revealed that three in five voters think that the Government’s plan is not working.
The Sky News panel of 2019 Tory voters could not have been more damning: one voter said that the Budget was “absolutely farcical”.
Another said that the Government have “no plans”, and thought that the Budget was “a great vote loser” and “A waste of time”; “time for them to go”, said a third.
That is because on the big issues, this Budget changes nothing.
On taxes, for every 5p the Government are giving, they are taking 10p in tax rises.
Millions more middle-income families are paying more and more tax on their earnings, as they are dragged over higher tax thresholds.
Taxes are going up to their highest level in 70 years; the Government hate it, but that is the reality.
That is the truth of this Conservative Government.
On the public finances, borrowing has been revised upwards, with the Chancellor’s measures in the Budget adding £4 billion to borrowing, and debt as a share of GDP at its highest since the 1960s.
Borrowing to fund tax cuts—how irresponsible.
On growth, after everything the Chancellor announced was taken into account, growth forecasts were revised down from November.
Growth figures would have been even worse were it not for higher predictions of net migration.
The Government hate that too, but is the truth.
We are in a recession; the economy is smaller than when the Prime Minister entered Downing Street, there has been the biggest fall in living standards since records began, and real incomes are below what they were at the last election.
That is the Conservatives’ record, and it has the Prime Minister’s name written all over it.
Finally, disgracefully, the Chancellor made no mention at all of infected blood compensation or Horizon scandal redress.
The slowness in righting these wrongs is raised here most weeks.
The Business and Trade Committee’s highly critical report, out this morning, calls for a legally binding timetable for delivering redress to sub-postmasters, and for that to be taken completely out of the hands of the Post Office.
Does the Leader of the House agree?
Given everything she has said on both these injustices, does she understand the anger that no new money was allocated, and no timetable was given, for those compensation schemes in yesterday’s Budget?
Was not that omission just another short-term, cynical act that will store up problems for the next Government to sort out?
As ever, it is party before country.
These are the final acts of a desperate, dying Government.
I start by noting that tomorrow is International Women’s Day.
I point out that on most Thursdays, the primary players in this session are three women, and sometimes there is a fourth in the Speaker’s Chair.
It is sometimes noted that women are often the last to speak in meetings.
That may be true, but we are often the first to set the right tone and approach.
Politics needs more of us, and I hope that the spirit of tomorrow will carry into this important political year.
I turn to what the hon.
Lady said about a female colleague of ours, the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology.
The hon.
Lady can no doubt obtain from the Department details of some of the issues that she raised.
However, I remind the House, because the hon.
Lady was really probing the character of the Secretary of State, that when the latter was entitled to a redundancy payment of £16,000 for having been a Secretary of State, she did not take it, but handed it back to the Department, because that was the right thing to do.
That speaks volumes about my right hon.
Friend’s character, and how much she values the fact that we are talking about taxpayers’ money.
I see that the hon.
Lady is channelling Elmer Fudd this morning.
Bugs may not have been in the Chancellor’s hat, but there was support for businesses large and small, help for households, tax cuts for working people, and help for single-earner families.
Also, the price of fuel at the pump is being held down through another fuel duty freeze.
We will ensure that the benefit of that is handed on to the consumer via Pumpwatch.
I will not take any lectures from the Labour party on stewardship of public services and getting growth into our economy.
I will take no lectures on tax cutting from a Labour party that still has £28 billion of unfunded spending commitments, which can only be delivered through tax rises.
It was the Labour party that left office with a £71 billion black hole in the defence budget and equipment programme.
It was Labour that brought in the fuel duty escalator, and is clobbering the motorist in Wales and London.
It is the Labour party in Wales that has cut the NHS budget, not once, but three times.
That is in contrast to the increases that we have brought in, and the further £6 billion announced yesterday.
Labour’s NHS budget cuts are one reason why a quarter of the population in Wales is on a waiting list.
I will not take any lectures from Labour on council tax, which rose by 104% under their Administration; again, in Wales, it has nearly tripled since Labour has been in power.
We have reformed welfare to make work pay, doubled the personal allowance, cut national insurance and protected livelihoods and jobs through furlough, but Labour thinks it is a good use of taxpayers’ money to give asylum seekers £1,600 a month.
I will not take any lectures on supporting those earning the least from a Labour party that brought in the 10p rate.
The hon.
Lady’s rhetoric on growth and modernising our nation does not match her party’s agenda to unpick 40 years of trade union reform or tie businesses in red tape, and it does not sit well with its voting record on minimum service levels for the British public.
I will not take any lectures from a party that did the square root of diddly squat for victims of infected blood and the Post Office.
On that precise point, the hon.
Lady clearly has not read the Red Book, which on page 24 commits us to paying full compensation to victims of the Horizon scandal.
The estimates are in there, but it also says that amount will be increased if needed.
This is a tough shift, post-pandemic and mid-war.
But thank God it is our shift.
Our country has turned a corner and we will get back to our inflation target soon, as the new forecasts indicate.
The plan is working and we will stay that course, as we must.
Otherwise, we will end up back where Labour left us: compared with today, that is a million more workless households, 400,000 more children and 200,000 more pensioners in absolute poverty, 4 million fewer in work, youth unemployment at 45%, literacy rates trailing rather than leading the world, and a third less spending on the NHS.
No thank you, shadow Leader of the House.
We will stick with the Prime Minister.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
The Mayor of Greater Manchester’s vanity project of a 493-square-mile clean air zone has cost the taxpayer nearly £100 million.
It has been supported by all Labour councils in Greater Manchester and Bury.
Will my right hon.
Friend make time for a debate to ensure that the voices of Conservative MPs who have campaigned against this ridiculous project can be heard again, and that this tax on hard-working people never sees the light of day?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on leading the charge on this matter.
There is a legal obligation to comply with emissions in the shortest possible time, but we are reviewing that.
He will know that Greater Manchester authorities have changed their tune and are now proposing an entirely different approach, thanks to the campaign that he has run and the support that he has galvanised among his communities.
I congratulate him and encourage him to hold them to account.