This week, the Financial Times reported the most significant decline in UK trade volumes since 1997.
It is clearer than ever that this Government’s hard Brexit policy has exacerbated challenges for British businesses.
With a 7.4% drop in trade since 2018 and exports down by 12.4%, we are starkly lagging behind our G7 peers.
Can the Secretary of State explain how 14 years of Conservative  rule have prepared British businesses for their despair around extra red tape and the chaos unleashed by this Tory hard Brexit policy?
I think the hon.
Gentleman has just time-travelled from 2018 or 2019—it has been a long time since I have heard the phrase “hard Brexit”.
He will of course know that we left the European Union with a deal, so he needs to catch up with what has actually happened.
It is also interesting that he talked about an FT report from 1997; I should let him know that we have not been in government since 1997—we have been in government since 2010.
Many of the things he is pointing out are things we have said will occur as trade flows move away from the European Union to the Indo-Pacific.
That is why we have left; that is why we are trading with the rest of the world.
The hon.
Gentleman should also know that our economy is 80% services, so most of the things he is talking about will not impact on the vast majority of the economy.
Services exports are booming, and we are doing well since leaving the EU.
What recent progress she has made on negotiating a free trade agreement with South Korea.
We have excellent relations with South Korea, as my right hon.
Friend will know as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy there.
Bilateral trade totalled £16 billion in the 12 months to September 2023.
Negotiations to upgrade our FTA with South Korea were launched as part of President Yoon’s state visit in November.
Round 1 of the talks has already taken place, and round 2 will take place later this month here in London.
On Tuesday, in my capacity as trade envoy, I attended the Korean embassy for the signing of a memorandum of understanding on the joint development of a small modular nuclear reactor—just one area in which the business between our two countries is growing ever stronger.
Will my right hon.
Friend press ahead with the enhanced free trade agreement, which will offer huge opportunities to build on the existing £17 billion trade relationship?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the UK, of course, we have our own, superb Rolls-Royce model of small modular reactor as well.
He is right about the importance of our growing trading relationship with Korea.
As a former Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, he will also know that 71% of our services trade with Korea last year was delivered digitally.[Official Report,
11 March 2024 , Vol. 747, c. 2MC.]
(Correction)
We need to upgrade the deal to make sure that it reflects modern, digital trade as well.
Both countries are making good progress in the negotiations.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with Zimbabwe.
The Government were pleased that my hon.
Friend, who is the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to Angola, Zambia and Ethiopia, and members of the Westminster Africa  Business Group visited Zimbabwe on the group’s inaugural trade mission.
That is part of the Government’s work to promote opportunities for UK companies, particularly in critical minerals, renewable energy and sustainable agriculture.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response.
On my visit to Zimbabwe in January, I met the President and a number of other Ministers.
They made it very clear that they wanted to draw a line under the past, move forward and increase friendship—and, indeed, trade links—with this country.
What more can the Government do to enlighten companies and businesses in the UK about the many opportunities in Zimbabwe?