Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the founding of Genesis of Ann Arbor in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Housing both a Jewish and a Episcopal congregation, Genesis of Ann Arbor exemplifies interfaith understanding, cooperation, and friendship.
For the past five decades, Genesis has been a beacon of hope, tolerance, and community in southeast Michigan.
In 1969, Temple Beth Emeth moved into the building housing St. Clare's Episcopal Church.
While their relationship was always harmonious, by 1974, the members of Temple Beth Emeth felt that their congregation had grown large enough to warrant its own synagogue.
St. Clare's Reverend, Doug Evett, offered to Temple Beth Emeth's Rabbi, Bruce Warshal, that the two congregations become one legal entity.
The offer was accepted, and Genesis of Ann Arbor was founded in 1975.
From the time that the two congregations began their relationship, Genesis of Ann Arbor was a ray of light during the tumultuous 1960's and 1970's.
The congregations continued to grow, and Temple Beth Emeth is now the largest Jewish congregation in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
These congregations were, and still are, a reminder that whatever their differences may be, two communities can come together around an understanding of shared principles.
This includes an annual pulpit exchange between the two congregations' clergy as well as a joint Thanksgiving service.
Every year over Thanksgiving, they jointly host the Rotating Shelter, which provides a weeklong overnight shelter for men experiencing homelessness.
A local non-profit food bank, Food Gatherers, has hosted its Back Door Food Pantry there for several years, where members of both the church and the synagogue donate to and volunteer at the food pantry.
Since its founding, Genesis of Ann Arbor has shown that the joining distinct religious traditions.
Over the decades, the members of Genesis have fought for a wide range of goals rooted in those values, from advancing racial justice to combating the climate crisis.
Their commitment to the environment is proven by only using renewable energy to power the building by the large solar panel array they had installed on their roof as well as switching from gas heat to geothermal heating and cooling.
Two years ago, the congregations organized their first annual Ann Arbor Climate Teach-In at Genesis.
The event served as an opportunity to draw environmental advocates together to discuss important climate issues, and I have sincerely enjoyed participating both years.