Ms. TOKUDA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend Captain Joseph J. Ring, the Commander of the Naval Surface Group Middle Pacific on his retirement from the United States Navy after thirty years of service to our Nation.
As Commander of Naval Surface Group Middle Pacific, Captain Ring led the successful transition of the newly aligned MIDPAC team in manning, training, and maintaining all surface ships homeported at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam.
Thanks to Captain Ring's leadership, the U.S. Navy's Hawaii-based ships remain combat ready for sustained operations in the Inda-Pacific and around the world.
Over the course of his career as a Surface Warfare Officer, Captain Ring served in four countries and operated at sea in every Combatant Command theater of operation.
At sea, he served as Commander of Destroyer Squadron Three One, Commanding Officer of the USS Hopper (DDG-70), and Commanding Officer of the USS Mustin (DDG-89).
Ashore, he served as Flag Aide to the Commander, Navy Region Hawaii; Warfare Systems Advisor to the Royal Australian Navy in Sydney, Australia; Director, Joint Operations Center (J31), United States Africa Command in Stuttgart, Germany; and as Chief of Staff to the Director, Maritime Operations, U.S. Pacific Fleet.
His many awards include the Royal Australian Navy Chief of Navy Gold Medal, Peruvian Naval Medal of Honor for Merit, the Legion of Merit, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and various other personal, campaign and unit awards including the Battle ``E'' Excellence Award.
He also received the title of Honorary Chief Petty Officer in recognition of his contributions to the Chief Petty Officer community and the enlisted force.
On a personal note, Joe has always been the one who helps ``get me to yes.''
Service above self is a way of life for Joe, and the values we cherish in Hawaii mirrors his own.
While his Navy service brought him to Hawaii, we know our islands are a place he loves and protects as his home.
As Joe, Nada, and their entire family transition to a new chapter, I proudly join them in celebrating a tremendous career that will continue to inspire and motivate future generations of leaders.
But even more importantly, I wish them all the best in enjoying a well-earned retirement.
Joe, mahalo for all that you have done and given to our country.