Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to 
Mr. Matthew Bower on the occasion of his retirement from Federal service.
Over the past 22 years, Matt has honorably served the United States in both the executive and legislative branches.
His service to our Nation culminates in an exemplary and dedicated fashion as a professional staff member for the United States House of Representatives, Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense.
Matt's road to Federal service began with completion of his undergraduate degree at St. John Fisher University in Rochester, New York, where he majored in Economics with a minor in Finance.
Matt worked for three years as a private sector accountant and financial analyst before joining the Department of Homeland Security in 2003 where, as a section chief and preparedness officer, Matt was charged with interpreting complex program policies and associated congressional language, identifying problem areas, and developing effective solutions.
Little did Matt know that one day he would be on the other side of the coin, drafting impactful provisions and making recommendations that directly affect departmental policies.
Matt would continue to rise through the ranks at the Department of Homeland Security, achieving the duties of branch chief of risk analysis and strategic initiatives, with impact on over $3 billion dollars in preparedness grant funding.
It was at this point, in 2015, that Matt's career would intersect with the Committee on Appropriations.
As a well-respected analyst, Matt earned an opportunity to detail onto the staff of the Subcommittee for Homeland Security, chaired at the time by my good friend Judge Carter.
Matt's accounts included the United States Secret Service, the United States Coast Guard, and the Office of Intelligence and Analysis.
These are some of the most critical agencies overseen by the Homeland Subcommittee, and it is no surprise that Matt stood out for his ability to perform expert oversight and provide the chairman and clerk with sage advice and recommendations.
Matt's abilities caught the eye of the Defense Subcommittee chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen, and Matt's return to the Department of Homeland Security was short-lived.
In 2016, Matt brought his discerning eye and unflappable demeanor to the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, where he would stay until the end of his service to our Nation.
In his decade of service to the Committee, Matt has personally overseen some of the most significant and complex parts of the defense appropriations bill, including: the Department of Defense's military personnel and operation and maintenance accounts, which alone comprised nearly half of the bill, or more during the Global War on Terror years; the Defense Health Program, which provides critical funds to care for servicemembers and their families; and several other accounts where funds are executed for everything from demilitarizing chemical weapons to addressing unexploded ordnance at current and former military sites.
However, Matt's last legacy on the Defense Subcommittee will be his years of oversight of the United States Army procurement and research, development, test and evaluations accounts.
As the lead staffer on Army issues, Matt had a direct hand in the Army's transformation from a counterterrorism-focused force, to one fielding capabilities to support the Joint force in a new era of strategic competition with near peer adversaries.
This included the development and procurement of systems such as the Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense Sensor, the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle, the Next Generation Squad Weapon, the Long-Range Hypersonic Weapon, and numerous upgrades to existing systems such as the Abrams tank system enhancement packages.
I personally appreciated his recommendations on how the Subcommittee should proceed with the development and acquisition of the Integrated Visual Augmentation System or IVAS, an augmented reality headset.
Matt's assessment ensured that the Congress retained its power of the purse and held the Army accountable for fielding a capable system.