Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Phi Omega Chapter in Buffalo, which is proudly hosting the District Conference for the Second District of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., in Western New York.
Founded in 1911 at Howard University, Omega Psi Phi is a national, not-for-profit civic fraternal organization dedicated to serving communities both locally and globally.
With over 700 chapters across the United States and internationally, Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. works together to create a lasting impact on society.
The Second District of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc. proudly includes 2,700 members across 84 chapters, with 62 graduate chapters and 22 undergraduate chapters.
Over 3,000 attendees are expected at the conference, including state and local dignitaries, community leaders, families, friends, and the general public.
This gathering provides a valuable opportunity to strengthen connections and further the mission of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc.--dedicated to promoting brotherhood, scholarship, and service, while enhancing the mental, social, spiritual, and physical well-being of its members and the communities they serve.
Since its establishment in 1947, the Second District has worked tirelessly to fulfill the mission of Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Inc., further enriching the communities it serves.
Over the past seven years, the district has awarded scholarships to more than 700 students, totaling over $1 million annually.
Additionally, the District continues to implement impactful programs such as mentoring and tutoring, fatherhood initiatives, Stop the Violence campaigns, and Habitat for Humanity.
These programs play a vital role in uplifting and supporting our community, creating lasting, positive change in the lives of countless individuals.
The Second District is also dedicated to health initiatives, partnering with organizations such as St. Jude Children's Research Hospital and the National Institute on Minority Health and Health Disparities.
Through health symposiums, blood drives, and wellness events, they work to improve the well-being of underserved communities, embodying the true spirit of Omega Psi Phi through these impactful contributions.