On the 80th anniversary of VE Day, I thank those who fought for our and Europe’s freedom and, indeed, those who worked our land and kept our nation fed.
Our peatlands store 26 times more carbon than forests.
They improve water quality and protect communities up and down the UK from flooding.
The Nature Minister rightly called peatlands our “country’s Amazon rainforest” and launched a consultation to protect them.
She is right, because once they have been destroyed, they can never be replaced.
At the very same time, the Energy Secretary plans to rip up 2,000 hectares of protected peatland on historic land in West Yorkshire for a vast wind farm development, opening up communities to flooding and destroying the peatlands that Labour says it wants to protect.
How can the Government claim to be protecting our irreplaceable peatlands when the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero is actively considering destroying one of our most environmentally important landscapes in the country?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member’s ability to weave a question for the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero into a question on flooding.
He will have heard from the Nature Minister how important peatlands are and how essential they are for this country and heard our commitment to protecting them.
What steps he is taking to help prevent foot and mouth disease entering Northern Ireland.
We have discussed this serious issue in the Chamber before, and I know how seriously Members on both sides of the House take it.
The Government make it an absolute priority to protect farmers from the dangers of this awful threat.
The Government have stepped up measures to prevent the spread of foot and mouth disease following confirmed cases in Slovakia and Hungary.
Imports into Northern Ireland of live animals and susceptible meat products are prohibited from within the restriction zones surrounding the affected premises in Hungary and Slovakia.
I join in the Secretary of State’s words on VE Day, especially regarding Northern Ireland’s contribution to our armed forces and through the armaments we supplied.
When I contacted the Agriculture Minister in Northern Ireland about his responsibilities, he actually told me that the issue no longer sits within his ministerial responsibility, but comes directly under the control of the Environment Secretary.
What practical steps is the Minister taking to protect Northern Ireland farmers, especially in regard to the recent announcement of a case of African swine fever on  2
May  in Slovakia, within the same geographical area as those foot and mouth outbreaks?
We work closely with the Minister in Northern Ireland for exactly the reasons that he would expect.
We take this extremely seriously.
There are a range of threats in Europe, and that is why we have not only put in place the long-established and well-trialled measures, but added additional protection measures to ensure that we are properly protected.
Farmers in Northern Ireland who fear foot and mouth, and even dog owners like me, rely on good veterinary support, but this is no longer the world of James Herriot; a number of large companies dominate the market.
The Competition and Markets Authority says that remedies are needed.
Does the Minister agree, and will he commit to reviewing the Veterinary Surgeons Act 1966, which is clearly no longer fit for purpose?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I can assure him that I and Baroness Hayman, who leads on this in the Department, are very well aware of the recent reports and the antiquated nature of the legislation.
We will come back with proposals in due course.
Whether he plans to improve support for nature-friendly farming.
The hon.
Lady and I have discussed these issues before.
I know that she shares my passion for achieving the transition to the nature-friendly farming that we all want.
The Government are investing £5 billion in farming over the next two years—the highest budget for sustainable food production and nature recovery in our history.
Through a range of measures delivered through the Government’s environmental land management schemes, we are supporting farmers to implement nature-friendly farming practices.
We now have more farmers than ever in nature-friendly farming schemes, and reform in the sustainable farming incentive will target funds fairly and effectively towards food, farming and nature priorities.
We will announce further details later this year.
On behalf of the Green party, on this special day of commemoration, I join colleagues from across the House in paying tribute to all those who sacrificed so much to resist and defeat fascism 80 years ago.