On behalf of all Members on the Liberal Democrat Benches, I add my tribute to those who fought and died to secure our freedom.
I also pay tribute to those in rural communities, like ours in Westmorland, who fed this country and welcomed evacuee children from the cities, and to our community in Windermere, who welcomed the children who had survived the Nazi death camps after the war.
We remember them all with deep gratitude.
Has the Prime Minister consulted the Secretary of State on the potential impact on British farmers of the US-UK trade deal?
It is a matter of fact that US animal welfare standards are worse than ours, which means that import costs are lower, so allowing equal access is not free trade—it is unfair trade.
It is throwing our farmers under the bus, just as the Conservatives did through their deal with Australia and New Zealand.
Will the Secretary of State support Liberal Democrat calls for the deal to be signed only if it supports farmers, and after a vote in this House?
There have been no announcements yet, and I cannot pre-empt them, but we have been crystal clear that we have red lines.
We will not allow British farmers to be undercut on environmental or welfare standards in the way that the Conservatives did when they agreed a trade deal with Australia; it undercut British farmers and caused them immense damage.
We will never go the way of the Tories; we will stand four-square behind our farmers, and I am delighted to hear that the Liberal Democrats feel the same.
On a similar theme, I congratulate the Government on securing a good deal for our farmers in the India trade deal, which was welcomed by the president of the NFU, who said it showed that this Government have “clearly listened”, in marked contrast to the previous Government.
What assurance will the Secretary of State give me that our farmers will still be included in negotiations on the US trade deal?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for welcoming the trade deal with India; it is a £4.8 billion boost to the UK economy, and very good news for our whisky and gin producers—and for the producers of salmon, lamb and chocolate, which are all now tariff-free exports to India.
This Government will always negotiate in the national interest, and that is exactly the approach we will take with the US trade negotiations.
The Solicitor General was asked— What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce the Crown court backlog.
Today we mark the 80th anniversary of VE Day.
It has been 80 years since the allied victory in Europe that brought an end to the second world war.
I pay tribute to the extraordinary courage, sacrifice and determination of our veterans and all who made that victory possible.
Their legacy lives on in the freedoms that we cherish and enjoy to this very day.
Let me be absolutely clear: victims are waiting far too long to see justice.
That is completely unacceptable.
It has hit confidence in our criminal justice system, and this Government simply will not stand for it.
That is why we are committed to working with the Crown Prosecution Service and partners across the criminal justice system to slash those backlogs and get cases through the courts more quickly.
A review is ongoing of how we can reduce the backlog, and I am confident that what emerges from that review will mean that we can get delays down and set about the kind of reform that will deliver the change that the public deserve to see.
On the topic of backlogs across the justice system, the Ministry of Justice’s successful campaign to recruit more magistrates is stretching the capacity of local training committees to provide sufficient mentors and appraisers to support new appointees.
What more can the Government do to fill the gap in training capacity to better serve the interests of justice?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the vital role that magistrates play in our criminal justice system.
As we seek to reduce the intolerable court backlog that we inherited from the previous Government, I have absolutely no doubt that magistrates will continue to have a crucial role.
It is essential that any new magistrates receive the right level of training,  and I am happy to raise the matter that my hon.
Friend has spoken about with colleagues in the Ministry of Justice.
I refer colleagues to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Mediation and alternative dispute resolution are critical in reducing backlogs in the courts.
I urge Ministers, in addition to holding the review, to look very carefully at the opportunities to use mediation more, particularly mandatory mediation.
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right.
I know from my days in practice that mediation and ADR have a very important role to play.
It is critical that we get this intolerable backlog in our Crown courts down, and this Government are taking substantial action to do that.
We have increased the number of Crown court sitting days.
As I referred to, the Lord Chancellor has asked Sir Brian Leveson to conduct an independent review of our criminal courts, and we are also increasing the sentencing powers of magistrates courts.