I am sorry to hear that the SNP Government are not taking firm action, but perhaps where we have led the way, they would like to follow.
I congratulate West Lothian Litter Pickers and pay tribute to Keep Britain Tidy, whose Great British spring clean, backed by the Daily Mirror, helped to tackle the 30 million tonnes of litter discarded on our streets each year, including 5 billion cigarette butts.
Each cigarette butt can poison 1,000 litres of water.
If we are serious about marine litter, we have to pick up our butts—and perhaps a little less talk and a little more action from the SNP.
I recently met with the Philpot family at the diverse and successful Barleylands farm in my constituency.
Fly-tipping is a major concern for them and other local farmers, and they are working together to address it.
They told me that, although fly-tipping is a major issue, it is not the existential threat that the tax increases this Labour Government are imposing on them are, with the national insurance tax increases and the massive rises in agricultural property relief and business property relief.
They are right, are they not?
I congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on weaving in a farms question on fly-tipping, but he is right—[Interruption.]
Calm down.
Please, let’s calm down; this is a very important day.
I am the decision maker on whether questions are right or wrong anyhow.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We know that fly-tipping is a very big problem for farmers.
I have visited fly-tipping sites near Watford in the last month and spoken to farmers about what they have to do to clear them up.
It is clear that many Tory-run county councils are not playing their part in cleaning up fly-tipping and making the prosecutions that act as a disincentive to these criminal businesses and their business models.
What steps he is taking to help reduce the cost of materials for arable farms.
Annual variations in farm input costs are driven by global markets.
UK fertiliser farm gate prices are tied to movements in the international markets, and UK fertiliser suppliers compete for market share, providing the best price they can for farmers.
Farms in my constituency and across Fife produce some of the highest quality grain in the world.
However, many farmers are struggling to make a profit as imported grain is often produced at a different standard.
That can undermine or undercut cereals grown in Scotland, which are produced to the highest standards.
Scottish grain is a vital ingredient for high-quality Scotch whisky, and with the news this week of the trade deal with India, welcomed by the Scotch Whisky Association, demand for Scottish grain is likely to rise.
What steps will the Minister take to increase standards for imported grain, and ensure profit for farmers in my constituency and a consistent supply for sectors including Scotch whisky?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will always maintain our high standards.
All imported products will continue to be subject to clear controls, including limits for pesticide residues.
I join him in sharing the really good news on that trade deal: it is good news for Scotch whisky and good news for British producers.
My farmers in Northern Ireland and Strangford, and farmers across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, produce some of the best products.
Prices are rising, sometimes due to things we cannot prevent, but farmers need better prices from the supermarkets.
What is being done to ensure that our farmers, who produce a quality product, get the right prices for the effort they put in?
I am always grateful for a contribution from the hon.
Gentleman.
As he will know, a series of fair dealing clauses were included in the Agriculture Act 2020; they are being brought into effect at the moment and we expect to see more progress made in that regard.
He is absolutely right to raise the point that farmers should get a fair deal.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Fly-tipping scandalously shot up by over a third under the previous Conservative Government, and the public are rightly furious when they see their communities buried under an avalanche of rubbish.
This Government will clean up our streets, towns and villages.
We will support councils to identify, seize and crush waste criminals’ vehicles by closing the Tory fly-tipping loopholes that prevented tough action.
We will increase sentences for dumping waste to up to five years, and we will make fly-tippers pay the cost of impounding their vehicles before they are crushed, because we believe that the polluter, not the public, should pay.
This Government will call time on fly-tippers so we can restore people’s pride in their neighbourhoods.
The River Camel multi-use trail in my North Cornwall constituency attracts more than half a million users every year and brings over £3 million to the local economy.
Will the Minister please meet me to discuss a river trail extension to Camelford as part of this Government’s manifesto pledge to create nine new river walks and connect thousands more people to nature?
I am delighted to hear that people are enjoying the River Camel trail.
It is wonderful to visit and we want to extend more of these walks across the country so that more people can enjoy them.
I will of course make sure that the hon.
Gentleman can meet the appropriate Minister to raise his concerns.