As the chair of  the medicinal cannabis under prescription all-party parliamentary group, I have worked closely with Hannah Deacon, the mother of Alfie Dingley, over the past eight years.
This woman has changed the law, but, sadly, she lost her fight with cancer the day before yesterday.
Will the Leader of the House pay tribute to her and send condolences to her family, as the work that she has done has changed the lives of so many young children living with epilepsy?
Will she join me and Hannah’s friends who are here in the House today?
This woman was incredible, and I just wanted everybody across this House who has had the opportunity to work with her to know that, and to stand in solidarity and send their love to the family—to Drew, Alfie and little Anni.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending all the love and best wishes to my hon.
Friend and to her dear friend, Hannah Deacon, and her friends who are here in the Public Gallery today.
I remember my hon.
Friend mentioning and raising this campaign many times on her behalf.
I can truly say that Hannah has changed the lives of many and she has changed policy.
Her life will be long remembered by many, many others and we all pay great tribute to her today.
Many members of the grooming and rape gangs that systematically abused white working class girls have never faced justice, and neither have the councillors, officials and police officers suspected of collusion and cover-up.
Can we have a debate on the need for a national inquiry into these disgusting crimes?
Will the Leader of the House tell us please who exactly it is she believes is using these horrors as a “dog whistle”?
Everybody up and down this country is horrified about the crimes that have been committed over many, many years by despicable grooming gangs.
That is why we are, first and foremost, implementing the very many recommendations from the recent inquiries, most of which sat on the shelf until the general election last year.
Those recommendations include mandatory reporting of child sexual abuse, which is something I have campaigned on for many years, as have the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and the Minister for Safeguarding, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) .
We will leave no stone unturned to ensure that the victims of these terrible atrocities get truth, justice and accountability wherever that is needed.
Yesterday I spoke with colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs about the progress of the treaty on biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction—sometimes known as the global ocean treaty.
I was assured that,  as far as the Department is concerned, the matter had   been dealt with and was all done, and I was assured that was also the case with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, but when I spoke to colleagues from the Cabinet Office, they had not heard of it.
The Leader of the House will know that the United Nations ocean conference will take place next month, and it is really important that we get ratification of that treaty for the conference.
The world is looking at us, and if we want to take leadership on this issue, we need to act.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that, given my responsibility for the business of this House, I am well aware of the need to ratify the treaty and all that that involves.
We are committed to doing so, and I can assure him that we will do so in good time.
Last week the Permanent Court of Arbitration allowed the UK to uphold the ban on sand eel fishing around the UK, including around the Isle of May in my constituency.
The ban is doing so much to support the native puffins there.
It also affirmed that policies banning sand eel fishing are based on scientific evidence.
However, the impact of the remainder of the judgment is unclear, with different rulings in relation to English seas that muddy the waters considerably.
Will the Government bring forward a debate in Government time so that the House can fully hear and consider their response to this ruling?
I am sorry to hear about the impact that the ruling is having on fishing in the hon.
Lady’s area.
I am not aware that the House is to be told of any developments, but the Government will ensure that she gets a full ministerial reply, and if the House needs to be updated, it will be.
My constituency has the most leaseholders in the country.
I commend this Government’s work to give leaseholders the accountability that they should have.
Will the Leader of the House support me in inviting the Minister responsible to come and talk to the leasehold action group here in the Cities of London and Westminster about mandatory qualifications and securing accountability against their landlords?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The feudal leasehold system is a plague for many homeowners in our country.
Many of the issues she has in her constituency I share in my own, and I know that the Minister responsible for leasehold, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook) , would be delighted to meet her constituents, as he recently did with hundreds of mine, to discuss this Government’s plans for leasehold reform.
In March the complaints commissioner concluded that the Financial Conduct Authority failed to identify risks relating to the owner of the funeral firm Safe Hands Plans, despite receiving information about breaches and other serious risks connected to the company.
As a result, Safe Hands went into administration in 2022, with those who had invested in funeral plans losing thousands of pounds.
Can we therefore have a statement on the role of the Financial Conduct Authority in the collapse of Safe Hands and the need for redress for constituents who have been impacted by this situation?