The hon.
Member raises an important issue, and I am glad that I largely managed to pre-empt his question with my first answer.
Stalking cases are on the rise.
We are seeing more referrals to the police and, indeed, more convictions.
This Government are taking strong action on stalking, because we recognise the scale of the issue.
We are introducing statutory guidance to empower the police to release the identities of online stalkers, which we recognise is extremely important.
I mentioned that we are extending stalking protection orders, which is clearly important too, and the review of stalking legislation is ongoing to make sure that that body of law is fit for purpose.
My colleagues will update the House on that in due course.
That completes questions.
May I just say to the Serjeant at Arms that I am very concerned that Members who had questions on the Order Paper have not been allowed into the House?
Can we take this up with the police?
They have no right to stop a Member entering this House.
I take it very seriously.
Before we proceed to the business question, I should inform the House that the Government have indicated that there will be a statement this afternoon on US-UK trade.
The timing of that statement has yet to be established, but it will appear on the annunciator once it has been confirmed.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  12 May  includes: Monday 12 May —Remaining stages of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.
Tuesday 13
May —Opposition day (7th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 14
May —Consideration of Lords message on the Great British Energy Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by motion to approve the Russia (Sanctions) (EU Exit) (Amendment) Regulations 2025.
Thursday 15 May —General debate on solar farms, followed by general debate on long-term funding of youth services.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 16
May —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  19 May  will include: Monday 19 May —Second Reading of the Mental Health Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 20 May —Second Reading of the Victims and Courts Bill.
Wednesday 21
May —Opposition day (8th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 22
May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Whitsun recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 22 May  and return on  Monday 2 June .
This is of course the 80th anniversary of VE Day, when all Britain rejoiced at the defeat of fascism and the end of the war in Europe.
I am sure I speak for the whole House in putting on record once again our profound thanks and our celebration of the immortal memory of that extraordinary generation who—through their courage, their selflessness and their sense of duty—made victory in Europe possible.
Let us all pray that we can be worthy of their memory.
If I may turn back from the sublime sweep of history to the mundane business of our politics, the Government have made valiant efforts to crowd the airwaves on trade this week, but the unfortunate truth is that they have had another dire week in office.
The financial facts of life have not changed: growth is stagnant, as a nation we have to raise defence spending rapidly and the Government have made themselves a prisoner of their fiscal rules.
Before the Leader of the House starts in on the local election results, may I remind her that, for all the horrors of last week, the Opposition still ended up with three times as many council seats as the Government?
Let us look at those cost pressures a bit more closely.
Just eight months after a 22.3% increase in pay for junior doctors—an increase described at the time by the British Medical Association as “a good enough first step”, the House will recall—the BMA has now announced it will ballot its members to strike for more pay.
Meanwhile, the somewhat unlikely pairing of Tony Blair and Gary Smith, the general secretary of the GMB trade union, have both denounced the Government’s decision to ban offshore licences in the North sea.
Blair described it as an “irrational” policy “doomed to fail”, the backlash to which threatened to “derail the whole agenda”.
He said it was caused by Ministers afraid of being cast as “climate deniers”.
He is not talking about the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, of course; he is talking about all the Ministers and MPs on the Government Benches who know better, but are too frit to say so.
Gary Smith said that “climate fundamentalism”—that is the Secretary of State for Energy—would “accelerate the decline of domestic oil and gas production and increase our dependency on gas imports”, directly contrary to the Government’s supposed growth strategy.
As he pointed out: “Across society, bill-payers will question why they are subsidising a domestic clean power sprint that is offshoring UK jobs and value.”
Only today, we have had the news that Ørsted is mothballing its giant new offshore wind farm, as it has made it clear it is holding out for even greater subsidies, knowing that the Secretary of State has no choice, and has in effect said that he has no choice, if he wants to hit his targets.
We all want a just and rapid energy transition, but does the Leader of the House not think that the words of Tony Blair and Gary Smith are simple common sense?
There is one other issue that I think we should highlight.
The Leader of the House has received universal condemnation for dismissing concerns about grooming gangs as “dog-whistle politics”.
In response, she put out a tweet that conspicuously did not contain an apology for what she had said.
The Secretary of State for Health said that her remarks were “indefensible”, but the truth is that she has talked in the same way about grooming gangs from the Dispatch Box, when she accused people of jumping on bandwagons on  9 January  this year in business questions.
I hope we can agree now that this is an extremely serious national issue and that no one, whether or not they hold public office, should be deflecting or denying its seriousness.
I hope that in her response now, the Leader of the House will put aside party politics, avoid criticising others and speak from the heart.
So I ask her: has she now watched the Channel 4 documentary, and if so, how does she feel about it?
Does she agree that the dismissal of these entirely valid concerns has been one of the factors behind what even today remains a huge continuing national scandal.
Will she now back the call of many victims for a comprehensive national inquiry into grooming gangs.
Finally, would she like to take this opportunity to speak directly to the hundreds of vulnerable women involved, and say sorry?
Mr Speaker, further to your statement, talks on the US trade deal developments continue at pace.
With your permission, the House will be updated later today.
I will come on to VE Day shortly, but may I first address the remarks of  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) ?