The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to consult the public on reforms to the water sector.
What steps he is taking to consult the public on reforms to the water sector.
I start by acknowledging, on VE Day, the debt that we all owe to that great generation who sacrificed so much for our freedom.
We will remember them and their sacrifice forever.
The Independent Water Commission, led by Sir Jon Cunliffe, will make recommendations to transform our water system and clean up our waterways.
The recommendations will form the basis of further legislation to fix our broken water system.
A public call for evidence that ran for eight weeks and closed on  23 April  received a very high number of responses.
Those will be shared in detail when the commission publishes its recommendations.
Sir Jon and the commission have held more than 130 meetings, including with regulators, environmental groups, campaigners, investors, water companies and consumer bodies.
Engagement will continue ahead of the commission’s recommendations to the Government in a few weeks.
I echo the Secretary of State’s initial comments.
South Shields has a long-standing problem with sewage being dumped in the sea at Whitburn.
Just this week, Little Haven beach was handed a brown flag, and myself and local campaigners are completely fed up.
The Environment Agency, Ofwat, Northumbrian Water, the council and the last Government all completely ignored our concerns.
We have already requested a meeting with the Water Minister, and I hope she will confirm today that the meeting will happen very soon.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her tireless work to represent the concerns of people in South Shields about those terrible problems with water pollution.
Of course, my hon.
Friend voted for the  Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, which has given the regulator many more powers, including the power to ban undeserved multimillion-pound bonuses.
I am sure she will be interested to read, as will I, the findings from the Independent Water Commission led by Sir Jon Cunliffe when they come forward in a few weeks’ time.
As we act to protect our rivers and waterways from pollution, regulation will be important.
The Environment Agency’s resources were decimated under the Conservatives.
How will the 2025 Act give the Environment Agency the powers it needs to hold polluting companies to account?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The previous Government cut resources for regulation in half, and that is one of the ways water companies were able to get away with so much pollution.
We have changed the law to allow regulators to recover prosecution costs so that they can carry out further prosecutions and stop those who have been polluting our waterways.
Can I make an appeal to the Secretary of State, and indeed his whole Front Bench, not to make farmers a scapegoat in any water reforms?
Clearly, where farming and farmers are involved in bad practice, they should be penalised, but social industrialists, other employers, and indeed those in the public sector, might also pollute rivers.
Water is a critical part of the food supply chain and agriculture.
Farmers look after the environment on all our behalf—in the right way most of the time.
My appeal to the Secretary of State is to please get the National Farmers’ Union and farmers involved and not let them become scapegoats.
I of course agree with the right hon.
Member.
We are supporting farmers, many of whom were affected by very severe flooding recently, with the farming recovery fund.
I am engaging constantly, and will be again today, with the National Farmers’ Union about those issues and many others.
By 2050 we will need more than 4,000 additional megalitres of water a day, with rising temperatures resulting in a fivefold increase in drought risk.
That is concerning news for farmers in Glastonbury and Somerton, given the necessity of water for livestock and crops.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to consult farmers about reforms to the water sector, and does he know how important water is to food production?
We recognise the importance of that point.
The hon.
Lady will be aware that, at the close of the price review process, we secured £104 billion of investment now and over the next five years to improve water infrastructure and ensure that we get water to where it needs to be.
We have also increased flooding funding so that we can take the water away from where it should not be.
All of that will support food production as well as many other sectors of the economy.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on best practice on monitoring sewage overflows.
Officials and I continue to maintain regular engagement with the Scottish Government on many issues.
While sewage overflow monitoring is a devolved matter for Scotland, we continue to share best practice wherever appropriate.
The SNP Government should follow this Government’s lead and introduce robust legislation to clean up their waterways.
The beautiful beaches of my constituency are marred by sewage-related debris.
In Scotland, under the SNP, we do not even properly monitor sewage overflows.
Meanwhile, in England, the Labour Government are making great strides to improve water quality—how I wish we had that in Scotland.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working as constructively as possible with his counterparts in the Scottish Government so that they can learn from here how we can improve water quality in Scotland?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for highlighting the pollution and sewage on beaches that so concern his constituents.
It is deeply disappointing that the SNP Government in Edinburgh are not following the UK Government’s lead in tackling sewage pollution.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that his constituents, like mine, and everyone else in Scotland and right across the UK deserve to enjoy sewage-free lakes, rivers and beaches.
Sadly, that does not seem to be what they are getting from the SNP.
My constituents in Bognor Regis and Littlehampton have been subjected to an enormous increase in their water bills.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the House that his water review will seek ways to prevent the costs of water companies’ mismanagement being passed on to their customers?
I am sure that the hon.
Lady will be reassured to hear that the Government have ringfenced money that is earmarked for investment in water infrastructure so that it can no longer be diverted for payments on bonuses and dividends.
If water companies attempt to do anything of the kind, the money will be refunded to their customers through a discount on their bills.
Whether he is taking steps to limit increases to water bills.
I add my voice to all those paying tribute to the greatest generation as we all remember VE Day.
I know that many of us will be travelling back to our constituencies to join in celebrations up and down the country.
It is no wonder that the public are angry about paying the price for Conservative failure.
By allowing water infrastructure to decay on their watch, the previous Conservative Government not only failed to ensure proper regulation of the industry but drove up costs of essential repairs, resulting in increased bills for customers.
While I cannot undo the damage of the past, I can  ensure that it never happens again.
That is why funding for vital infrastructure has been ringfenced by this Government so that it can never be diverted for bonuses or dividends.
Roberto, one of my constituents, has seen his water bill go up by nearly 45% in the last two years, and other constituents have contacted me to say that their bills have nearly doubled in that time.
I am pleased by what the Minister said about holding the previous Government to account for their failure to invest in infrastructure.
What more can the Government do to hold Thames Water to account for its failure to invest in infrastructure, its poor service and these rip-off charges for consumers?
Roberto is right to feel angry about his bill increase, the past performance of water companies and the toothless regulation under the previous Government.
We have already taken action to deliver our manifesto promise to hold water companies to account, ban unfair bonuses and introduce criminal liability with up to two years in prison.
We have also created the water delivery taskforce to ensure that all water companies, including Thames Water, deliver on their promised infrastructure improvements.
The Government will always support those struggling with their water bills.
Indeed, this Labour Government and water companies are more than doubling the social tariff support over the next five years.
What assessment has the Minister made on the cost of water bills from increases to regulation 31 laboratory testing capacity?
I wrote to her in December about that and she replied in January.
I am thankful for her answer, although it was slightly on the complacent side because she said that regulation 31 does not cause a problem to water quality just now.
That is true, but the industry is burning down its assets to chemicals and equipment that have been regulation 31-tested, so a problem is coming.
What assessment has the Minister made of when the solution will be delivered, and what effect will that have on water bills?