On Saturday I will be joining hundreds of people from across Beckenham and Penge at Beckenham Rugby Club for a rugby tournament and beer festival.
It is a fantastic example of how our small businesses support and enhance our local communities, and I would like to thank Matt and his team at the Three Hounds for all their work on this event.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing everyone attending a great weekend?
I do love the sporting questions from my hon.
Friend, for which he gets quite a lot of cut-through.
I join him in supporting all those from Beckenham Rugby Club on what sounds like a great day out.
May I welcome the UK-US trade deal and congratulate the Prime Minister on it?
It is very much in the national interest, although the devil is in the detail.
May we have a debate on that trade deal and the concerns of British farmers about chlorinated chicken, hormone-treated beef and antibiotics in pig farming?
Will the Leader of the House assure the House, Shropshire farmers and British farmers that British agriculture is safe with this trade deal?
We can assure the right hon.
Gentleman of that.
There will be a statement to the House later today—these issues are still unfolding—but he is right to praise the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for Business and Trade for the amazing work that they have done to get us to this point.
He will be aware that the issues of food standards and agriculture have been red lines for the Government in those trade talks, and he will get the details later today.
We are currently facing a chronic staffing crisis in adult social care, which has led to increasing recruitment from overseas.
Migrant workers now make up 16% of the workforce in England.
While many arrive in good faith, they are too often met with extortionate recruitment fees, wage reductions, exploitative working conditions and the ever-present threat of deportation should they raise concerns or lose their jobs.
I have been contacted by a number of constituents who have witnessed a shocking litany of failures, negligence and exploitation of migrant workers at the hands of a private company in my constituency of Stockport.
Many workers have not been paid or have found themselves in overcrowded, substandard housing, and at times without any work at all.
As such, will the Leader of the House allow a debate in Government time on the exploitation of migrant workers?
We totally condemn the exploitation of international care workers by rogue employers in the sector.
We are taking robust action, including by revoking  sponsor licences where that is deemed to be the case.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets an update on his case.
I was concerned to read reports in the newspaper earlier this week that train stations will not be allowed to have step-free access if they have fewer than 1,000 passengers a day or are within 30 miles of a station with step-free access.
People in rural areas will not be able to use the train if there is no alternative public transport and they cannot access a car.
Will the Leader of the House commit to a debate in Government time so that we can talk about the importance of people in rural areas being able to access public transport and, in particular, stations such as Whitchurch in my constituency, where there is no step-free access to the southbound platform?
The issue of step-free access at stations is always raised with me at business questions.
I assure the hon.
Member that the Government are committed to the Access for All programme, and the Rail Minister is reviewing what we can do to support it better.
I will ensure that the House is updated on that.
The Government have today announced best value updates for five local authorities, including Warrington borough council.
The findings for Warrington have highlighted a number of serious conclusions that must be addressed.
However, we should also recognise the pressures that local authorities faced under the last Government, with significant reductions to funding and increased demands on their services.
Warrington council must now go further and faster to improve, restore trust and deliver best value for my constituents.
Will the Leader of the House make time to debate the important topic of local government finance and the actions that the Government are taking to support local authorities?