The Criminal Bar Association has reported that more than 1,300 cases were adjourned last year due to a lack of available prosecuting or defence barristers—a 20-fold increase since 2019.
In the south-west, there are half the number of legal aid providers that we have in London, and my inbox reflects that, with many constituents unable to access legal advice or representation, particularly in housing cases involving rogue landlords and unscrupulous management companies.
Meanwhile, Citizens Advice has closed its branches across Cornwall.
What assessment has the Solicitor General made of how these regional disparities in legal aid provision are driving Crown court backlogs, especially in rural areas such as my constituency of North Cornwall?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
It is crucial that justice be accessible for everyone in this country; indeed, access to justice is a fundamental tenet of the rule of law.
That is why we have undertaken a comprehensive review of civil legal aid, and in December, we announced a £92 million boost for criminal legal aid solicitors.
Starting this year, we will also be introducing free independent legal advisers for victims of adult rape.
There is much more to do—we are clear about that.
Clearly, there are deficiencies in access to justice, but I can assure the hon.
Member that this Government understand the scale of the problem and are committed to addressing it.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of rural crime.
The Government’s safer streets mission is not just about town and city centres; it applies equally to our market squares and rural village greens.
Rural crime can have devastating consequences for communities.
This Government are committed to  cracking down on crime and disorder in rural areas, with tougher powers for the police to tackle antisocial behaviour and prevent farm theft and fly-tipping.
That is why the Crown Prosecution Service works closely with local police forces to tackle those offences.
According to the latest figures in the National Farmers Union Mutual Insurance Society’s rural crime report, in 2023, the cost of rural crime increased by 4.3% year on year to £52.8 million, with criminal gangs targeting farms up and down Wales—including, unfortunately, in my constituency.
Prosecution rates for livestock theft in particular are very low—often below 1%, despite the huge financial and emotional toll that this type of crime takes on farmers.
What actions are the Government taking to tackle those low prosecution rates?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
We know that rural and farming communities face acute and bespoke threats from criminals, including highly organised crime groups that are exploiting our rural communities.
He has referred to livestock theft, but those communities also face fly-tipping and machinery and fuel theft.
We are committed to implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023, and are also committed to further funding for the national rural and wildlife crime units.
We have announced additional funding for those units, because we recognise just how critical it is to crack down on rural crime.
I should also mention policing, because our neighbourhood policing guarantee covers the entirety of this country—not just urban areas, but rural areas too.
What steps her Department is taking to support the Serious Fraud Office in tackling economic crime.
What steps her Department is taking to support the Serious Fraud Office in tackling economic crime.
This Government are determined to crack down on the scourge of economic crime, and the Serious Fraud Office does crucial work to tackle complex fraud, bribery and corruption.
Under its new director, the SFO has opened nine new overt investigations and charged 16 defendants.
Just last week, I saw the SFO’s crucial work at first hand when I observed a dawn raid carried out in relation to a new multimillion-pound bribery investigation.
The vast majority of UK businesses play by the rules, but fraud is estimated to cost UK taxpayers—including my constituents—between £55 billion and £80 billion per year.
What is the Serious Fraud Office doing to encourage businesses to self-report wrongdoing?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the vast majority of businesses do play by the rules, and fraud is so damaging precisely because it undermines everyone who plays fairly.
That is why this Government are so determined to tackle it.
I welcome  the SFO’s recently revised guidance, which aims to drive up the number of corporates that self-report wrongdoing.
That is a positive development that will foster good corporate citizenship, and it is an important contributor to this Government’s economic growth mission.