Baby Jack was just 16 months old when, on Boxing day 2022, he passed away from sudden unexplained death in childhood, which was incredibly heartbreaking.
It is something that unfortunately we just do not know enough about.
I want to commend Jack’s parents, Cheryl and Darren from Silsden, whom I have met.
They have been fund- raising on this issue ever since that fateful day.
This weekend they will be taking on their biggest challenge: cycling from Leeds to Liverpool along the canal.
I hope that hon.
Members across the House, including the Leader of the House, will join me in sending our thoughts to Cheryl and Darren and their eldest son Louis on their fortitude and determination, and wish them the very best of luck in their cycling challenge this weekend.
I look forward to seeing them coming through Chorley.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending the very best to Cheryl and Darren with their fundraising activities this weekend.
I am really sorry to hear about the sudden death of Baby Jack—what an awful thing for any parent to go through.
That they have been able to turn that into fundraising and campaigning is truly commendable.
I look forward to them hopefully passing through Manchester on their way from Leeds to Liverpool.
That is a funny route for the canal.
Mr Speaker, I ask that you now suspend the sitting so that we may attend at Westminster Abbey to give thanks and to commemorate the 80th anniversary of VE Day—the greatest victory in the history of our great nation.
We will now follow in the footsteps of our predecessors 80 years ago.
On  8 May 1945 , hon.
Members formed a procession out of the House of Lords, where they had secretly relocated because the House of Commons Chamber had been destroyed during the blitz.
Today, we shall again follow the Mace, but this time from our own Chamber, through the bomb-scarred Churchill Arch, which stands as a permanent reminder of the fortitude of those who stood firm through the war.
Sitting suspended.
Select Committee Statement We now come to the Select Committee Statement on behalf of the Environmental Audit Committee.
Mr Toby Perkins will speak for up to 10 minutes, during which no interventions may be taken.
At the conclusion of his statement, I will call Members to ask questions on the subject of the statement; these should be brief questions, not speeches.
Questions should be directed to the Select Committee Chair, and not the relevant Government Minister, and Front Benchers may take part in questioning.
I am pleased to present the Environmental Audit Committee’s report on the role of natural capital in the green economy.
This report was initiated by my predecessor as Chair, the right honourable Philip Dunne, the former Member of Parliament for Ludlow.
I wish to pay great tribute to him for his excellent contribution as Chair.
Mr Dunne enjoyed what I suspect is an unusual distinction of having both asked questions and answered them in the witness sessions that led to this report.
Having originally initiated the report in January 2024 and then seen Parliament dissolve before the report could be published, he was kind enough to return as a witness in December 2024 to brief the successor Committee on the evidence that his Committee had heard and to provide his own insights.
I wish to take this opportunity to place on record my gratitude
and, I know, the gratitude of members of the Committee past and present to our former Clerk, Martyn Atkins, who recently left the service of the Committee for a period of absence after many years of service to the House.
Martyn has played a huge role in the work of this Select Committee and many others and will be very much missed, as will Chloe Jago, who recently stood down as press officer on the Committee after five years of excellent service to take up a role closer to home.