The hon.
Gentleman is an assiduous champion for his constituency in this House.
If he wants to bring his chamber of commerce to meet me to discuss issues in his constituency in more detail, I will happily make time to meet him and them.
We are 10 minutes gone and still on Question 1.
We need to speed up a little bit.
If the Minister could look at me, that would be helpful, so that we are going through the third person.
I know that Mr Shannon is popular, but even so, it should go through me.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In my constituency, the number of people shopping on our high streets has not returned to pre-covid levels, and we have lost anchor stores such as Marks & Spencer, and several banks.
The Government urgently need to save our high streets, but the reduction in retail, hospitality and leisure business rates relief from 75% to 40% will come as bad news for thousands of businesses.
When will the Government deliver a fundamental reform of business rates to save our high streets and end the penalising of productive investment?
I am grateful for your guidance, Mr Speaker.
While  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  is popular, you are much more important.
I gently point out to  the hon.
Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones)  that we have started the process of reforming business rates.
We are introducing permanently lower rates for retail, hospitality and leisure from 2026-27.
We have listened to businesses and kept business rates relief, and we are opening up opportunities for businesses to come forward with ideas for future reform of business rates.
If he will take steps to increase the use of sectoral collective bargaining.
The Government are committed to strengthening the collective voices of workers and restoring the principle that work should always pay.
That is why we introduced the Employment Rights Bill, which will restore the school support staff negotiating body and introduce a framework for a fair pay agreement in adult social care.
Combined with other measures in the Bill, that will empower workers, unions and employers to come together to negotiate fair pay, terms and conditions.