The Minister mentions the car industry.
Yesterday, after the Budget of broken promises, talking about the industrial strategy, Mike Hawes of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said: “Delivering that strategy depends on the UK being globally competitive.
Additional National Insurance Contributions will put massive pressure on the automotive supply chain which is predominantly SMEs.”
He described the lack of substantive measures to support the new car market as “hugely disappointing”, concluding that, “the cost will soon be felt in reduced UK investment, economic growth and jobs.”
With such dire warnings so early on, is this not more evidence that Labour just does not get business and that its industrial strategy is in tatters before it has even begun?
For a Government who do not get business, it is surprising, is it not, that we got £63 billion of investment through the international investment  summit—twice what the previous Government managed after two years of planning it?
The Government are working very closely with the automotive industry.
We know that the global situation is very difficult and I talk to Mike Hawes very often, which is why we put £2 billion of funding into the Budget yesterday.
It is also why we are working very closely with the sector to create the conditions we need to transition to electric vehicles and to protect our industry in a way that the previous Government, frankly, failed to do.
What recent steps he has taken to help prevent e-bike battery fires.
The Office for Product Safety and Standards within my Department has been working across Government and industry to protect consumers and understand the causes of any safety issues.
That has included giving consumers clear information that enables them to purchase, use and charge products safely; assessing the compliance of manufacturers and importers to ensure that products are safe when placed on the market; and a programme of work to address the sale of non-compliant products available through online marketplaces, including e-bikes and their batteries.
Last week, I visited the OPSS’s Teddington laboratories, where we launched the Department’s new “Buy Safe, Be Safe” consumer campaign.
Two weeks ago, there was a fire in a 10th floor flat in Plaistow in my constituency.
Thankfully, the quick reaction of the residents and neighbours and the good work of the London Fire Brigade meant that they were all able to be evacuated quickly and there were no serious injuries.
Clearly, this could have been worse.
Does the Minister agree that it is a perfect example of why we need to continue to work to make these batteries safer and run awareness campaigns, so that residents understand the safety issues and how they can be mitigated, and how the batteries can be disposed of if they need to get rid of them?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Manufacturers must already ensure that products are safe and provide instructions for safe use, including safe charging.
I pay tribute to the London Fire Brigade for the work it is doing on this issue.
Unfortunately, as we have heard, there are far too many fires.
That is why we launched our awareness campaign last week.
We are hoping, through the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, to make sure we have powers to keep up with technological developments and ensure that e-bikes can be sold safely to consumers in the UK.
What progress his Department has made on delivering the make work pay programme.
As the Chancellor announced yesterday, the national living wage will rise to £12.21 an  hour, meaning that a full-time worker can earn an extra £1,400 a year.
We have also announced the stopping of the use of minimum service levels and tackled late payments for the self-employed.
Of course, we have now introduced the Employment Rights Bill, which will raise living standards across the country and provide better support for businesses engaged in good practice.
It also makes good on our promise to the British people that we will now make work pay.