If Labour Members going back to their seat this weekend were thinking of going to a local pub for a pint and a chat with local farmers, I would think again.
A publican with a mid-sized pub contacted me last night to say that because of yesterday’s changes, he would be £120,000 a year worse off, moving him from profit to loss.
Labour said that its plans were fully costed and fully funded.
Yesterday was a massive broken promise, was it not?
The hon.
Gentleman oversaw the worst Parliament for living standards in modern history.
We did not choose that inheritance, and we have made choices.
Would he rather we did not compensate for the infected blood scandal?
Would he rather we did not compensate the Horizon victims, for whom there was no money in the Budget, on his watch?
Would he rather we did not invest in the health service?
Would he rather we did not increase the minimum wage?
Would he rather we did not support carers?
Would he rather we made the choices that he made, such as cutting national insurance for workers when there was no budget for that?
This Government are fixing the foundations, so that we can have a bright future for all our country.
The Government’s choice was to hit businesses, and that is because there is not an ounce of business experience among them.
Labour’s death taxes will hit farms and businesses.
Families with a typical farm will have to find hundreds of thousands of pounds or see their farms broken up and sold.
The Environment Secretary said 10 months ago that he had no intentions of putting death taxes on businesses.
That was a broken promise, was it not?
I will not take any lectures from the Opposition, who said “eff business”.
Conservative Members have some cheek to come at us when we are clearing up the £22 billion black hole that we inherited, and setting in train stability.
I spent quite a lot of yesterday, as the hon.
Gentleman would expect, talking to and having meetings with businesses about the Budget and its implications.
We talked about the potential for growth, long-term stability, and changes that this Labour Government are making.
A study published by the Disability Policy Centre this week suggests that improving support to get disabled people, those with long-term health conditions and unpaid carers into work, and keeping them in employment, could save the Treasury £38 billion.
Paying a higher rate of sick pay has been shown to increase employee retention and is key to reducing economic inactivity.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of the current rate of statutory sick pay on employee retention?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need to get more people back into work, and need to support them to return.
In the Employment Rights Bill, we are looking to increase the scope of sick pay to include people below the lower earnings limit, and to introduce payments from day one.
We have no plans to increase the rate of statutory sick pay, but when we get the reforms through, we will no doubt look at how we can reform it for the better.
My Department for Work and Pensions colleagues will consider that in due course.
After yesterday’s Budget, those running small and medium-sized businesses will see their national insurance rise and their wage bill increase.
Those in hospitality, running a pub or restaurant, for example, will have a 35% reduction in their business rate relief.
To top it off, the Employment Rights Bill will bring more red tape for businesses.
Those massive changes are happening very quickly.
Does the Minister agree with the Institute of Directors that it is a “perfect storm” of higher taxes, higher wages and more red tape?
No.
I gently point out to the hon.
Gentleman the difficult economic inheritance that his party left this Government to sort out.
We are determined to walk towards all the tough decisions his party refused to face up to in government.
If he is against the increase in employers’ national insurance contributions, he needs to say how he will fund the investment we announced yesterday in the aerospace and automotive sectors, and how he would fund the extra investment that we will make in the NHS and other public services.
We will take no lectures from the Conservative party about business.
Plenty of us have experience of business, and I am one of them.
Many high street businesses want to continue accepting cash.
Just as importantly, so do many of my residents, particularly the elderly, disabled and vulnerable.
I have spoken to the citizens advice bureau, which is hearing how concerned elderly residents are.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the Post Office can better offer banking services on the high street to cater for the spenders and recipients of cash?
Order.
These are topical questions, and they are meant to be short and punchy, not speeches.
I am sure we can find time for an Adjournment debate for the hon.
Gentleman.
Given that almost 9,500 bank branches closed over the past 14 years, on the Conservative party’s watch, it has increasingly been left to the Post Office to provide vital banking services on the high street.
I am sure the banking industry recognises its responsibility to work with us to ensure that sub-postmasters, whose pay has not increased for a decade, and the Post Office has what its needs to help meet the critical cash and banking needs of all our constituents.
Although yesterday’s announcements may dampen businesses’ expansion plans, many businesses in my constituency and elsewhere find it difficult to expand because of national grid connections.
What are Ministers doing to engage with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero and National Grid to ensure that connections are available?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman asks what we are doing to engage with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, because I sit across that Department and the Department for Business and Trade.
The entire point of my role is to make sure that we join up the two Departments, so that we can crack some of these problems.
The grid is No. 1 on our list.
I warmly welcome the £10 billion investment in a data centre in Cambois in my constituency, but I share the concerns of many residents who believe that it is fast becoming a plug-in centre for huge infrastructure programmes.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that when we have huge infrastructure programmes in certain constituencies, residents should benefit from local jobs and community facilities?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is essential that local communities see the benefits of landmark investments.
I am pleased that Blackstone is investing £110 million in a fund to support local skills training and transport infrastructure.
I am happy to have a conversation with my hon.
Friend about what more can be done.
Farming and agricultural businesses employ thousands of people in my constituency, and they make a huge contribution to the local economy.
Can the Minister set out exactly how yesterday’s Budget will help them to develop and grow?
Farmers, like any other business people, need the stability that will be delivered as a consequence of our fixing the foundations, as we set out yesterday.
I too represent a constituency with a number of farmers, and I am aware of the concerns that have been raised about inheritance tax, but, frankly, difficult choices had to be made yesterday because of choices that were not made by the Government in which the right hon.
Gentleman served.
Business owners in Clwyd East, in north Wales, want a Government who are serious about getting long-term, sustainable jobs into our economy—a process that we started yesterday.
Our unique geography sees us lead on wind power and carbon capture, and we have a proud manufacturing base, which is already benefiting from our two Governments working together, and from a long-term sustainable plan for the future.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that businesses are well placed to invest in north Wales, both now and in the future?
Yes, I will work with my hon.
Friend.
We are delighted with the £1 billion investment secured to transform the Shotton mill site.
I think that a Labour Government in Westminster and a Labour Government in Wales can work together to deliver great things.
Some 29% of jobs in Eastbourne, the sunniest town in the UK, are connected to the hospitality sector, but many businesses in that sector have expressed concerns about yesterday’s Budget, which UK Hospitality has described as the “latest blow for hospitality”.
Will the Minister meet me and local hospitality businesses to discuss those concerns?
I declare an interest as the patron of the Eastbourne Hospitality Association.
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman and the Eastbourne Hospitality Association to discuss the concerns that he has articulated.
I gently say to him, as other Ministers have pointed out, that we faced a tough economic inheritance, and had to make very difficult decisions in the Budget yesterday.
I want to see Slough High Street thrive, but doors are closing, businesses are struggling and antisocial behaviour has been on the rise, especially after over a decade of neglect and lack of support by Tory Governments.
What practical steps are the Government taking to ensure that high streets such as ours, in Slough, are revived?
When we were in opposition, we set out a five-point plan to help with the revival of high streets.
We are working to bring forward that plan.
My hon.
Friend will see more detail in the small business strategy Command Paper that we are committed to publishing next year.
We have an anomalous situation in Spelthorne whereby people can use an oyster card to pay for six different red buses, but not the train.
That is crippling small businesses and people going into London.
Will Ministers in the Department use their combined might to lobby on my behalf and get me a meeting with the Minister for Rail, so that we can get Spelthorne into the correct zone?
I admire the hon.
Gentleman’s ability to shoehorn in a question on a subject that is not in the Department for Business and Trade’s remit, but we are of course happy to help with his endeavours to talk to Ministers in the Department for Transport.
The all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment, which I chair, recently published its report, “Changing Attitudes, Changing Lives”, looking at employer attitudes towards blind and partially sighted people.
We found that nearly half of employers do not have accessible recruitment processes, which means that they miss out on a wealth of talent.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can create a step change in employer attitudes towards blind and partially sighted people?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
Under the “Get Britain Working” plan, more disabled people and people with health conditions will be supported to enter and stay in work, and I am happy to discuss with her how we can achieve that aim.
The Government’s own impact assessment suggests that measures in the Employment Rights Bill could cost businesses up to £4.5 billion annually and increase the number of strikes by 54%.
Does the Minister expect that legislation to enhance or undermine investor confidence?
I gently point out to the hon.
Lady that that represents a 0.4% increase on businesses’ total costs—a small price to pay for what the impact assessment says “will strengthen working conditions for the lowest-paid and most vulnerable in the labour market, increasing fairness and equality across Britain.
It will have significant positive impacts on workers  who are trapped in insecure work, face discrimination, or suffer from unscrupulous employer behaviour like ‘fire and refire’ practices”.
If the hon.
Lady does not support that, I am sure that she can talk to her constituents about why.