Wokingham has one of the highest rates of business survival when compared with the averages for the south-east and Berkshire, but yesterday’s announcement that the Government will raise employers’ national insurance throws that into doubt.
The hike is, plain and simple, a tax on jobs that will deal a hammer blow to our small businesses.
What will the Government do to mitigate the impact on small businesses in my constituency and across the country?
I say very gently to the hon.
Gentleman that if he and his party are determined to oppose the measures we took in the Budget, including on employers’ national insurance contributions, they need to set out how they would fund the extra investment in the NHS, the investment in the automotive and aerospace sectors, and the measures to protect and raise living standards.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his Department's policies of the outcomes of the international investment summit.
We held, as we have said, an international investment summit on  14 October , 100 days after we formed the new Government.
We secured £63 billion of investment, which is twice the level of the previous Government’s investment summit.
The investment will create high-quality, high-skilled, well-paid jobs across the country, and represents a huge vote of confidence in this new Government.
As my hon.
Friend quite rightly said, the Labour party is now the party of business without any question.
Does she agree that the measures committed to in yesterday’s Budget on clean energy, carbon capture and storage and hydrogen—which were backed up, by the way, with a commitment from a Canadian investor of another £1.8 billion in offshore wind—show how much this Government are in tune with the business community?
We are attracting investment and building on the investment summit, and we will deliver jobs for our constituents and our communities up and down the country.
I agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend.
I also agree with the former Chancellor, Kwasi Kwarteng, in his article yesterday.
I quote: “Conservatives, like myself, should be honest” and “Reeves is cleaning up our mess”.
What steps he is taking to support the night-time economy.
We recognise the important role that night-time economy businesses play in supporting local economies and communities.
Healthy night-time economy businesses not only support our creative industries, including musicians, DJs and performance artists, but bolster tourism and day-economy businesses.
We are focused on our five-point plan to breathe life back into Britain’s high streets.
That work will ensure that our high streets are great places for our businesses, supporting economic growth across the UK, including in the night-time economy.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The hospitality industry is a crucial aspect of the night-time economy.
It already faces an existential crisis, with post-Brexit labour shortages, covid debt and wage and commodity inflation.
What advice would the Minister give to the hospitality industry and businesses that now face a hike in national insurance costs and, despite the headlines, a more than doubling in last year’s business rates?
I would gently point businesses in the night-time economy to a series of measures that we took in yesterday’s Budget, including to reform business rates for the long term, from 2026-27.
We listened to businesses, including those in the night-time economy, and did not abolish the business rates relief.
Under the measures that we have taken, for example, the average pub with a rateable value of almost £17,000 will save over £3,300 next year.
Last Saturday night I had the opportunity to go out in York with the police.
It was incredibly interesting and I am so grateful for the work that they do, and it gave me an opportunity to speak to employers.
We know that, as employers, our traditional pubs are really struggling because the pubs code is not working properly.
Will the Minister meet me and the Campaign for Pubs to discuss how we can improve things for those businesses?
I will be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I know from talking to pubs that they are also very worried about the rise in antisocial behaviour and crime in our high streets and town centres.
She and the pubs and other members of the night-time economy that she works with will, I hope, be reassured by some of the measures that we have taken in the Budget to begin the process of cracking down on antisocial behaviour.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support fair trade for producers.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the United Kingdom is committed to advancing both free and fair trade around the world that is inclusive, sustainable and seeks to reduce poverty.
The UK’s aid-for-trade programmes, including the new Trade Centre of Expertise announced by the Prime Minister on  24 October , build the capacity of producers, businesses and Governments in developing countries to participate in, and prosper from, global trade.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the UK is committed to making the world a safe and more prosperous place through strengthening our international development work, as set out in our recent manifesto.
Children from Timothy Hackworth primary school in Shildon wrote to ask me to raise fair trade with the Minister as part of their fair trade week.
They included Ashton, who reminded me of the privilege that we have to serve in this place.
They would also like to know whether the Minister has met representatives of the Fair Trade Foundation since his appointment, and whether he considers that Britain’s leadership on fair trade policies can make a meaningful contribution to reducing poverty in sub-Saharan Africa.
First, let me commend my hon.
Friend for his work with the local primary school.
I know how assiduous he is in advancing the interests of his constituents.
I can assure him that we fully understand the importance of fair trade.
I have met a representative of the Fair Trade Foundation in recent weeks, and I pay particular tribute to the work that Fairtrade is doing with the Co-op.
Thousands of farmers producing goods such as tea, coffee, sugar and flowers are helped by Co-ops in our high streets across the country.
It is now the UK’s largest seller of fair trade products, and it deserves our commendation too.
What steps he is taking to attract inward investment into Scotland.
The international investment summit, about which we just heard, secured more than £63 billion, including for two significant projects in Scotland.
Scottish Power, owned by Iberdrola, committed £24 billion to upgrade the UK’s energy infrastructure over the next five years.
Floating offshore wind developer Green Volt has selected Aberdeen for its headquarters and plans to invest £2.5 billion.
That, of course, comes on top of this Government’s establishment of GB Energy.