Title: CELEBRATING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF NORTHVILLE CENTRAL SCHOOL GIRLS' SOCCER TEAM; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
198

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF NORTHVILLE CENTRAL SCHOOL GIRLS'

SOCCER TEAM

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

Northville Central School girls' soccer team, the Falcons, on a hard-

fought championship game victory following an impressive season.
The Falcons, led by head coach Doug Hammons, won the state

championship 1-0, on a goal from freshman Lexi Ginter on a rebound from

Korrine Bly's free kick in the twenty-fifth minute of the game.
The

Falcons' defense maintained steady pressure and emerged victorious over

the Copenhagen Golden Knights.
The Falcons' 2024 season finished with a 15-7 record and the New York

State Class D State Soccer Championship.
They are the first Western

Athletic Conference team to win a state championship in girls' soccer--

a remarkable accomplishment.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I would like to

congratulate the Northville Falcons on their tremendous 2024 soccer

season culminating with the New York State Class D Soccer title.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF PATRICK ``RICK'' ENGLE

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Patrick

``Rick'' Engle on being elected St. Lawrence County Sheriff.
Rick has been an outstanding leader in the St. Lawrence County

community and has worked for the Sheriff's office for 23 years.
Rick

enlisted in the United States Marine Corps during his senior year of

high school as part of the Marine Corps' delayed entry program and

graduated basic training in 1991.
During his time in the military, he

served as a fire team leader, squad leader, patrol team leader, and as

a motor vehicle operator instructor.
He also deployed overseas, serving

on peacekeeping missions in Haiti and Cuba during his time as a Marine.
Following his time in the Marine Corps, Rick decided he wanted to

pursue a career in law enforcement to continue serving his community.
He began working road patrol for the St. Lawrence County Sheriff's

Office as a deputy in 2001.
Rick then worked his way up to investigator

before running for Sheriff himself.
During his campaign for Sheriff, Rick pledged to listen to his

community and focus on providing service over politics--a promise he

upholds as County Sheriff each day.
He has worked to strengthen

relationships between St. Lawrence County's law enforcement agencies

and other first responders, rescuers, and emergency service providers.
Rick's selfless leadership and dedication to his community, exemplify

why his colleagues specially requested he run for the Sheriff's seat

and why officers with eight local police unions supported his bid.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, I am honored to recognize the

distinguished, decades long service and commitment to his community of

Sheriff Patrick ``Rick'' Engle.
I congratulate him on his incredible

achievements and look forward to witnessing his future endeavors in the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GARRY DOUGLAS FOR HIS SERVICE AND DEDICATION

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Garry Douglas for

his hard work and advocacy on behalf of the North Country and its

business community.
In December 1992, Mr. Douglas was selected to lead the North Country

Chamber of Commerce from a pool of over 100 candidates.
Prior to this,

he served as Executive Assistant to Congressman Gerald Solomon for

fourteen years.
During his time in the Chamber, Mr. Douglas has worked

tirelessly to provide members with multiple services and expand that

membership.
Today, the North County Chamber of Commerce boasts a

membership of over 4,200 businesses across Clinton, Essex, Franklin,

Hamilton, and Warren Counties.
During his tenure, Mr. Douglas has weathered many economic storms.