A dedicated community leader, Larry has forged partnerships with state

and federal representatives to address issues regarding tourism,

renewable energy opportunities, and health and human services programs,

while advocating for the full and fair representation of the voices in

his rural county.
His service as Chairman of the Board is not the only way Larry serves

his community.
He and his wife Donna reside in Lyons Falls where they

own and operate Dolhof Hardware.
They offer hardware, lumber, building

materials, steel roofing, sporting goods, rifles, shotguns, and

automotive goods, as well as a drive-up propane filling station to

provide essential access to energy in cold upstate winters.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, I am honored to recognize

Lawrence ``Larry'' Dolhof and congratulate him on his years of

dedicated public service to the people of Lewis County and on his

reelection as Chairman of the Board of Legislators.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF LOUIS LEONE

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the dedicated

service of United States Army Veteran and Former Mayor of Greenwich,

Louis Leone, and to congratulate him on becoming the Grand Marshall for

Greenwich's Memorial Day Parade.
Louis joined the Army in 1959 and served in Vietnam before retiring

to Greenwich in 1984 after 24 years of active-duty service.
Louis

earned the Combat Infantryman's Badge, Senior Parachutist Badge with

over 55 jumps, and received an expert status in rifle and pistol

qualifications.
In addition, he was awarded the Legion of Merit, 3

Bronze Star Medals, the Air Medal, 5 Meritorious Service Medals, Army

Commendation Medal for Valor, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense

Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with 4 Bronze Service Stars,

Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal, Korean Defense Medal, the Valorous

and Meritorious Unit Awards, Vietnam Gallantly Cross Unit Citation

Badge with Palm, and several Army service ribbons.
He retired with the

rank of Lieutenant Colonel as a public relations officer for the U.S.

Military Academy at West Point, NY.
Beyond his distinguished service to his country, Louis has been an

outstanding leader in the Greenwich community ever since he retired.
He

served as mayor from 1986 to 1995 and spearheaded the creation of the

Greenwich Gazebo, Chamber of Commerce, the Youth Center, and the

curbside recycling program.
The people of Greenwich feel the lasting

impact of Louis' leadership each day.
Louis is also active in the Veterans of Foreign Wars, a veteran

service organization, and is instrumental in the Voice of Democracy

Scholarship Program for high school and middle school students which

instills patriotism and democracy in Greenwich's youth.
He is a loving

husband to his wife, Susan whom he celebrated 67 years of marriage with

this summer.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am honored to recognize the

incredible service of Army Veteran Louis Leone.
I congratulate him on

his incredible achievements and on becoming the Grand Marshall of the

Greenwich Memorial Day parade.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TIMOTHY ``TIM'' MIHUC FOR HIS YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Timothy ``Tim''

Mihuc, Ph.D., for his years of service to the North Country community

and his efforts to protect native aquatic life in the Lake Champlain

Basin.
Dr. Mihuc began his career as an undergrad majoring in Biology at

Oral Roberts University and his interest in science and the environment

led him to pursue a Master's in Zoology from Oklahoma State University.
Dr. Mihuc went on to complete his Ph.D. at Idaho State University.
After graduation, he spent several years at Louisiana State University

as a post-doctoral researcher conducting invasive species research in

the Atchafalaya River Basin.