On behalf of New York's 21st district, it is my privilege and honor

to recognize the incredible accomplishments of James ``Jim'' Wallace.
I

congratulate him on his incredible achievements and look forward to

witnessing his future endeavors in the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE DEDICATED SERVICE OF PATRICK J. KELLY

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Patrick J. Kelly, a

St. Lawrence County native who was named New York State's economic

developer of the year by the New York State Economic Development

Council (NYSEDC).
In January 2012, Patrick was appointed the St. Lawrence County

Industrial Development Agency's Chief Executive Officer and has since

served faithfully in this capacity overseeing the agency's planning,

initiation, implementation, and administration of programs.
In this

role, Patrick encourages and attracts industries to locate or expand

within St. Lawrence County, boosting our local economy.
In 2023 alone,

Patrick helped lead 45 IDA projects in St. Lawrence County which helped

retain 615 jobs and create an additional 225 roles in our community.
Patrick was elected as the NYSEDC Board Chair in 2020 following his

success in St. Lawrence.
As Board Chair, Patrick showed himself to be a

true leader as someone who understands how to create economic

opportunity and knows how to build consensus to move initiatives

forward.
Upon receiving his award, Patrick congratulated his team and the many

people that helped him and the program succeed showing true

selflessness and thoughtfulness.
While Patrick serves as CEO and as

NYSEDC Board Chair in his professional life, he is also a loving

husband to his wife, Jackie, and a caring father to his children

balancing his busy career with his loving family.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, it is my privilege and honor

to recognize the incredible accomplishments of Patrick J. Kelly.
I

congratulate him on his incredible achievements and look forward to

witnessing his future endeavors in the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF LAWRENCE ``LARRY'' DOLHOF

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lawrence ``Larry''

Dolhof and congratulate him on being re-elected Chairman of the Lewis

County Board of Legislators.
Larry has served two separate tenures on

the County Legislature with a total of 15 years of service including as

the Board's Representative for District 8, which includes the towns of

Pinckney, Harrisburg, Montague, West Turin, and Osceola.
Larry was first elected to the Board of Legislators in 2000 and

briefly served two terms returning to private life in 2004 before being

reelected in 2013.
He earned the unanimous support of his colleagues to

serve as Chairman in 2018 and was recently reelected to another term as

Chairman in 2023.
Under his leadership, the legislature has prioritized

fiscal responsibility and infrastructure improvements throughout the

county.
Larry has led efforts to renovate the Human Services building,

build a new highway garage, and provide a new facility for the DMV and

Board of Elections.
Larry's leadership has helped to usher in a lower tax rate,

decreasing the tax rate from the previous decade and leveraging more

than $3.5 million in broadband infrastructure, reducing the number of

unserved households by over 70 percent.
The people of Lewis County have

increased access to online resources necessary for education,

healthcare, and emergency communication thanks to Larry's stewardship.
A dedicated community leader, Larry has forged partnerships with state

and federal representatives to address issues regarding tourism,

renewable energy opportunities, and health and human services programs,

while advocating for the full and fair representation of the voices in

his rural county.
His service as Chairman of the Board is not the only way Larry serves

his community.
He and his wife Donna reside in Lyons Falls where they

own and operate Dolhof Hardware.