His dedication to this country as a United States Air

Force Vietnam Combat Medic demonstrates the highest commitment to the

values that make America the beacon of liberty to the world.
I am truly

impressed by his determination to achieve greatness.
I wish him nothing

but the best for all that he has done for his country and community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LYNNAE FLORA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Lynnae Flora

of Golden, Colorado, on her retirement following 27 years of service to

the people of Jefferson County.
Lynnae joined the county in 1997, and over her career rose to become

the Deputy Director of Jefferson County Human Services.
There, Lynnae

dedicated her professional life to ensuring every member of the

Jefferson County community can access health services and receive the

support they need.
She served the

county for almost three decades and through numerous challenges,

including the COVID-19 pandemic.
Her leadership and passion kept the

department running and kept vital services open for the people of

Jefferson County.
Her impact is not limited to her role as Deputy Director.
As a member

Healthier Jeffco Alliance, Lynnae has collaborated with organizations

across Jefferson County to promote a smarter, fairer, and more

equitable health care system.
Her work, and the dedication she has

shown to her community, are a proud example for every Coloradan.
The

people of Jefferson County owe Lynnae a debt of gratitude.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to congratulate Lynnae on her well-earned retirement and

to thank her for her commitment to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE INCREDIBLE LIFE OF JOHN ZURLO

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the

incredible life of my friend, John Zurlo.
John was a pillar of our

North Country community, and his life has left a lasting legacy on the

lives of thousands.
John was born on October 24, 1938, in Plattsburgh, New York, and

raised in the nearby town of Champlain on the New York-Canada border.
He attended St. Michael's College in Vermont and graduated with a B.A.

in Business Administration in 1960.
John then returned to his hometown

to teach business at Northeastern Clinton Central School, a position he

held for 34 years.
He also served as the coach for the school's

baseball and golf teams.
Going beyond his employment at Northeastern Clinton Central School,

John continually gave back to the youth serving as the president of

Champlain Central Teacher's Association and the local Youth Hockey

Association, North Country Cougars Youth Hockey Association.
John was

also a member of the St. Michael's College Alumnus Board of Directors.
Further, John was extremely active in his community and held many

roles in organizations across the region including the Rouses Point

Kiwanis Club, Teacher's Federal Credit Union, Board of Directors for

Champlain Valley Physicians Hospital, St. Mary's Mission Center,

Knights of Columbus Council No.
3525, Plattsburgh Lodge of Elks No.
621, Plattsburgh Rotary International, and the Lake Champlain Citizens

Advisory Committee.
John was also a public servant and was elected to several positions,

including Champlain tax collector and Clinton County Legislator, before

being elected Clinton County Clerk in 1995.
John was reelected to his

eighth term as the Clinton County Clerk in November 2023 and was the

longest-serving Clinton County Clerk.
Outside the public sphere, John was also known for his generosity and

kindness and became a mentor to many in Clinton County.
I had the good

fortune to be seated next to John at a judicial candidate event twelve

years ago.
When I informed him that I planned to run for the New York

21st Congressional Seat at the age of 28 and he nearly fell out of his

chair.