During his time in the Chamber, Mr. Douglas has worked

tirelessly to provide members with multiple services and expand that

membership.
Today, the North County Chamber of Commerce boasts a

membership of over 4,200 businesses across Clinton, Essex, Franklin,

Hamilton, and Warren Counties.
During his tenure, Mr. Douglas has weathered many economic storms.
When a local air base was forced to close under the 1993 Base

Realignment and Closure Commission, Mr. Douglas seized the opportunity

to expand into the Canadian market.
Mr. Douglas and the Chamber Board

were swift to fill the vacuum left by the closure with new business for

the community.
Similarly, when faced with the Covid-19 pandemic, he

created an economic plan to assist all the businesses in the North

Country, not just Chamber members, on how to navigate New York State's

regulations.
He also instructed Chamber of Commerce staff to assist

small businesses in securing federal and state resources.
Mr. Douglas also founded the North American Center of Excellence for

Transportation Equipment (NAmTrans) which develops and serves a cluster

York.
Mr. Douglas' efforts to improve the business environment led to

the recognition of a Quebec-New York corridor, uniting regions that

have close historical and cultural relationships in economic

development efforts.
Mr. Douglas has received many accolades during his time leading the

Chamber from local, regional, and state organizations.
City & State

Magazine has recognized Mr. Douglas on both its Economic Development

Power 75 list and its Upstate New York Power 100 list.
While Mr.

Douglas would be the first to credit his team at the Chamber with much

of his success, there is no doubt that his visionary leadership has

significantly enhanced the North Country's economic development.
Earlier this year, the Town of Plattsburgh officially named a road in

the newly opened Clinton County Business Industrial Gateway as Douglas

Boulevard in honor of his service to the region.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am proud to celebrate the

achievements of my friend Garry Douglas.
His dedication to public

service and tireless support of small businesses across the North

Country has benefited many and will continue to help the North Country

for decades to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JAMES ``JIM'' WALLACE FOR HIS YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor James ``Jim''

Wallace who has diligently served his community as County Administrator

for Herkimer County for 45 years.
Jim is highly regarded by his peers and throughout his community, as

he was unanimously appointed by the Herkimer County Legislature.
First

appointed in 1979, Jim has been an incredible champion for Herkimer

County working to increase investment and promote economic development

during his time as County Administrator.
Through his role as County Administrator, Jim worked closely with the

Herkimer County Industrial Development Agency (IDA).
They came together

to expand businesses, enhance economic development, and create jobs

throughout the county.
These results have been seen in the investment

of millions of dollars in energy, manufacturing, healthcare, and

tourism industries across the county.
If you asked Jim, he would be among the first to credit his success

to his hard-working staff and colleagues but there is no doubt that

Jim's stalwart leadership has been invaluable to Herkimer County.
Former Herkimer County Legislature Chairman Vincent Bono has

characterized Jim as a well-respected man with a wealth of knowledge,

calling him a tremendous asset to Herkimer County.
I am proud to

represent individuals like Jim in my district who diligently work for

the betterment of the North Country.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, it is my privilege and honor

to recognize the incredible accomplishments of James ``Jim'' Wallace.
I

congratulate him on his incredible achievements and look forward to

witnessing his future endeavors in the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE DEDICATED SERVICE OF PATRICK J. KELLY

HON.