Dr. Mihuc began his career as an undergrad majoring in Biology at

Oral Roberts University and his interest in science and the environment

led him to pursue a Master's in Zoology from Oklahoma State University.
Dr. Mihuc went on to complete his Ph.D. at Idaho State University.
After graduation, he spent several years at Louisiana State University

as a post-doctoral researcher conducting invasive species research in

the Atchafalaya River Basin.
He then served as director of the Great

Rivers Field Station for the Illinois Natural History Survey where he

led a research team working on the Upper Mississippi River.
The State University of New York at Plattsburgh hired Dr. Mihuc in

1999 as an Associate Professor of Environmental Science and he was

named the first Director of the Lake Champlain Research Institute

(LCRI) that same year.
The institute's primary objective was to assist

and promote student research across multiple disciplines related to

Lake Champlain and its ecosystem.
Dr. Mihuc also serves as Co-Director of the Lake Champlain Sea Grant

Institute, a branch of the National Sea Grant College Program, which

aims to raise awareness to improve the environmental health of the Lake

Champlain region and encourage sustainable economic development.
The

institute supports research on best land and water management practices

and provides that research to organizations, businesses, and

individuals throughout the Lake Champlain Basin.
In 2018, Dr. Mihuc was promoted to the SUNY Distinguished

Professorship rank by the SUNY Board of Trustees in recognition of his

dedication to the campus, the community, and Lake Champlain.
During his

tenure at SUNY Plattsburgh, he successfully implemented advanced

experiential learning opportunities for students through LCRI and other

avenues.
Further demonstrating his expertise, I was honored to invite Dr.

Mihuc to bring his expertise to Congress.
On June 16, 2022, he

testified in front of the Committee on Natural Resources' Subcommittee

on Water, Oceans, and Wildlife in support of H.R. 6936, the Stamp Out

Invasive Species Act.
In his testimony, Dr. Mihuc cited his work at

LCRI and how critical federal funding is to educate the public and

combat invasive species in the wild.
On behalf of New York's 21st district, I would like to thank Dr.

Mihuc for his contributions to the North Country and Lake Champlain.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LENNY WARD, SR.
HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Lenny Ward, Sr.
As a veteran

and dedicated community service member, Lenny has devoted his career to

his country and community.
Through military service and volunteer work,

Lenny has spent most of his life cultivating a lifetime of purpose and

spirit.
His relentless care and advocacy for others does not go

unnoticed, and therefore I wish to commend him today.
Since Lenny was a child, he was driven to serve his country in the

military.
Lenny put his aspirations and life on hold and joined the

United States Air Force from 1962 through 1966 as a Medic.
During his

time in the United States Air Force, Lenny was deployed to Vietnam from

1965 through 1966.
Lenny spent much of his career at Pine Valley Golf Club as a Caddy

Master from 1994 through 2013.
His infectious positive attitude will

always be what he was most proud of during his career.
His charisma and

smile made people gravitate towards him.
I am beyond proud of and exceptionally grateful for Lenny Ward, Sr.
's

service to our great Nation and grateful for the legacy he has left in

our community.
His dedication to this country as a United States Air

Force Vietnam Combat Medic demonstrates the highest commitment to the

values that make America the beacon of liberty to the world.
I am truly

impressed by his determination to achieve greatness.
I wish him nothing

but the best for all that he has done for his country and community.