9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Kenneth S. Wilsbach, USAF, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Chief of Staff of the Air Force.
SD-G50 9:45 a.m.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nominations of Crystal Carey, of New Jersey, to be General Counsel, and Scott Mayer, of Pennsylvania, and James Murphy, of Maryland, both to be a Member, all of the National Labor Relations Board, and Rosario Palmieri, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Anthony D'Esposito, of New York, to be Inspector General, both of the Department.
SD-430 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine AI's potential to support patients, workers, children, and families.
SD-430 10:15 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Rebecca L. Taibleson, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, David A. Bragdon and Lindsey Ann Freeman, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of North Carolina, Robert P. Chamberlin and James D. Maxwell II, both to be a United States District Judge for the Northern District of Mississippi, Matthew E. Orso and Susan Courtwright Rodriguez, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of North Carolina, Sara Bailey, of Texas, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy, Braden Boucek, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee for the term of four years, Dominick Gerace II, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio for the term of four years, Jerome Francis Gorgon, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan for the term of four years, James Kruger, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi for the term of four years, Scott Leary, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi for the term of four years, Bryan Stirling, to be United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina for the term of four years, Thomas Wheeler II, to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana for the term of four years, Thomas Albus, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri for the term of four years, and Adam Mildred, of Indiana, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana for the term of four years.
SH-216