Time to be announced Committee on Veterans' Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomination of Jeremiah Workman, of Ohio, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans' Employment and Training.
S-216 10 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1070, to establish a National STEM Week to promote American innovation and enhance STEM education pathways for all students, including those in rural, urban, and underserved communities, S. 2126, to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009, S. 2245, to amend the Digital Coast Act to improve the acquisition, integration, and accessibility of data of the Digital Coast program and to extend the program, S. 2357, to reauthorize the Young Fishermen's Development Act, S. 2563, to direct the Secretary of Commerce, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, to conduct an interagency review of and report to Congress on ways to increase the global competitiveness of the United States in attracting foreign direct investment, S. 2666, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to establish a taskforce on unlawful robocalls, an original bill entitled, ``PIPELINE Safety Act of 2025'', and the nominations of Joyce Meyer, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for Economic Affairs, and Harry Kumar, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Commerce, and Seval Oz, of California, to be an Assistant Secretary of Transportation; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine big tech and silencing Americans.
SR-253 Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ho Nieh, of Alabama, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and Douglas Troutman, of Maryland, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the Environmental Protection Agency.
SD-562 Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jonathan Greenstein, of New York, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, Donald Korb, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, and Derek Theurer, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, all of the Department of the Treasury.
SD-215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine labor law reform part 1, focusing on diagnosing the issues and exploring current proposals.
SD-430 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Intellectual Property To hold hearings to examine the Patent Eligibility Restoration Act, focusing on restoring clarity, certainty, and predictability to the United States patent system.
SD-226 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship Business meeting to consider the nomination of William Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration.
SR-428A
Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joshua Simmons, of Virginia,