Beyond his mayoral duties, Mr. Garcia's dedication to service extends

to numerous organizations at local, regional and statewide levels.
He's

been an active member of Napa Valley Waste Management Authority, Napa

County Flood and Water Conservation District, American Canyon Community

& Parks Foundation, Napa Valley Transportation Authority, Napa County

League of Governments, Association of Bay Area Governments, the League

of California Cities North Bay Division, and the Napa Climate Action

Committee.
He has also served on the board of important not-for-profits

organizations such as the Napa County Hispanic Network and Community

Action of Napa Valley.
In his professional career, Mr. Garcia was a registered nurse for

thirty-four years: twenty-seven at Napa State Hospital and seven at

Yountville Veterans Home.
Mr. Garcia is also a family man.
He's proud

of his large, blended family of six adult children, three

grandchildren, and his lovely wife Eva.
Over the decades, Mr. Garcia has demonstrated his dedication and

commitment to American Canyon, and we wish him well in his retirement.
As such, it is fitting and proper that he be honored for his 24 years

in public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TERRY LINDLEY

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

of

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague

Congressman Mike Thompson to honor Terry Lindley in celebration of his

retirement after thirty years of service on the Sonoma County Junior

College District Board of Trustees.
We commend his outstanding service

to the students and faculty of the Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC).
Raised on a family ranch in Humboldt County, Mr. Lindley developed an

appreciation for farming at an early age.
While attending Ferndale High

School, Mr. Lindley met Steve Olson, his then agriculture teacher who

went on to become a lifelong friend and mentor.
His counsel and

guidance steered Mr. Lindley to embark on a distinguished career

focusing on community leadership and agriculture.
After graduating high

school in 1976, Mr. Lindley began studying agribusiness at SRJC.
After earning his degree, Mr. Lindley was hired as a loan officer and

appraiser at American AgCredit.
Over the course of forty years with the

company, Mr. Lindley's knowledge of agribusiness helped him achieve

increasingly prominent roles, including senior vice president and chief

marketing officer.
Mr. Lindley's aptitude for hard work, deep

understanding of agriculture and business acumen made him a remarkable

pioneer in the agribusiness industry.
Through his leadership, American

AgCredit established the first marketing department in all of the Farm

Credit System.
In addition to his professional accomplishments, Mr. Lindley has made

many enduring and positive impacts on the community during his decades

of public service.
For thirty years.
Mr. Lindley has been a trustee of

Sonoma County Junior College District, which oversees SRJC, during

which he has demonstrated his incredible commitment to providing high-

quality education to generations of students throughout our community

in the North Bay.
While he will be greatly missed in his retirement,

Mr. Lindley's enduring legacy will be remembered through the newly

opened Lindley Center for STEM Education at SRJC.
This new lecture and

lab hall provides state-of-the-art facilities for hands-on learning in

the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines.
Mr. Lindley's leadership in agriculture and agribusiness education

has not gone unnoticed by our community leaders.
He has been awarded

numerous accolades in recognition of his service including the SRJC's

President's Medallion, the 4-H Foundation's Shining Star Award, the

Spirit of Sonoma County Award, and Sonoma County's North Bay Rancher of

the Year award.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that Mr. Lindley has been an excellent

steward of Santa Rosa Junior College and a dedicated community member

of Sonoma County's agricultural community.
Therefore, it is fitting and

proper that we honor him here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF DON VALPREDO

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.