MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, William `Will' John Ostertag was born on

March 2, 1996, to parents Stephanie Clemans and Jack Ostertag.
He was a

chubby baby with the biggest head anyone had ever seen, covered in

bright orange hair.
Will passed away November 14, 2024, from a sudden

cardiac arrest.
He was 28 years old.
Heartbroken isn't a big enough

word.
Will grew up in Louisville, Kentucky, where he attended St. Francis

of Assisi Elementary School and St. Xavier High School.
When Will was

two, his brother Thomas came onto the scene.
They fought like only

siblings that close in age know how to.
They supported each other in

the same way.
Will was a shy but smiley toddler.
He grew into a handsome,

confident, and--to his nerdy family's surprise--exceedingly popular

high schooler.
He was a great tennis player, an Eagle Scout, a UK

basketball superfan, and the host of more than a few unauthorized house

parties.
After graduating from Miami University, Will spent two years in

Indianapolis with the Teach for America program.
He earned his master's

degree in education while teaching math at a

middle school sorely in need of smart and caring educators.
Mr.

Ostertag stayed late coaching basketball and track and was a regular

feature in the kids' TikToks.
In his first year, test scores

skyrocketed, with 90% of his students far surpassing the school's

average.
Will thought the point of life was to help people.
From campaigning

with the Montana Democratic Party to working on Capitol Hill, he

pursued a better future.
Most recently, Will worked as an Investment

Strategy Analyst with the Department of Energy.
Coworkers say Will's

ability to create meaningful relationships with all kinds of people

helped send more than $10 billion toward clean energy initiatives.
On Halloween night 2021, Will met a girl at a party.
He texted a

friend that she was ``perfect.''
Will had always been exceptionally

bright, so he knew that this girl was way out of his league.
He would

have been delighted to know that Zehra was talking to friends too,

saying Will was the funniest person she had ever met.
At 25, Will had

found what some people go their whole lives without--he had fallen in

love and was overjoyed to be loved just as deeply in return.
Will would have wanted us to thank Andy Samberg, the other members of

The Lonely Island, and the cast and crew of ``Hot Rod,'' for creating

the building blocks for his sense of humor and, possibly, his entire

personality.
Will routinely made friends and family cry from laughter.
When he laughed, which was often and easily, he threw his entire head

back.
He was an enthusiastic and surprisingly coordinated dancer.
He

checked in on the people he cared about, celebrated others'

accomplishments, and always remembered birthdays.
His biggest dream was

to be a dad--he would have been an amazing one.
Because Will chose to be an organ donor, he will save lives.
The

people who know him, know this is fitting.
Will's family would like to

thank the bystanders who tried to save Will's life and all of those who

cared for him at MedStar Washington Hospital.
Will is survived by his partner, Zehra Khan; his parents, Stephanie

Clemans (Mark French) and Jack Ostertag (Lisa Atwell Tong); his

brother, Thomas Ostertag (Kelly Ostertag); stepsisters, Elizabeth and

Savanna Tong; his grandmother, Nancy Sandman Ostertag; and many loving

aunts, uncles, and cousins.
He was preceded in death by his

grandparents, Judy Clemans, Joseph Clemans, and Jerome `Jerry' William

Ostertag.
Will will be remembered most for the way he made people feel--light

and fun, seen and supported, optimistic, engaged, and cared for.
Will

spent most of his days thinking seriously and meaningfully about how to

make this world a betterplace.
Unfortunately--incomprehensibly--that

task now falls to those who loved him.
We'll try to do our best.
We will be celebrating Will's life on Saturday, November 23.