Title: CONGRATULATING IAN NOEL MERRIMAN AND JEREMY PAUL YOAKAM FOR EARNING THE RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
171

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING IAN NOEL MERRIMAN AND JEREMY PAUL YOAKAM FOR EARNING THE

RANK OF EAGLE SCOUT

HON.
RYAN K. ZINKE

Mr. ZINKE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor two

exceptional young men from Livingston, Montana, Ian Noel Merriman and

Jeremy Paul Yoakam, for their remarkable achievements and dedication to

the principles of Scouting.
Their commitment to service, leadership,

and community exemplifies the values that Scouting instills in young

men.
Growing up in Whitefish, Montana, the outdoor and survival skills

that I learned, as well as the friends I made as a Boy Scout have

stayed with me to this day.
The Eagle Scout Oath to do my best to God,

to my country, and to scout law is something that set me on the right

track to serve my country as a SEAL and as Member of Congress.
These

two young men have lived up to that oath and deserve the honor and

recognition that comes with the Eagle Scout title.
Ian, a senior at Park High School, began his Scouting journey in the

Cub Scouts in 2013.
He achieved the rank of Webelo Scout and earned the

Arrow of Light, the highest rank in Cub Scouting, in 2018.
Transitioning to Boy Scouts in May 2018, Ian has consistently

demonstrated exceptional leadership and dedication.
Ian has participated in numerous community service projects,

including annual ``Scouting for Food'' drives, Yellowstone River Clean-

ups, and serving veterans at the American Legion Post No.
23 Veterans

Day dinner.
His involvement in activities such as erecting and taking

down flags in Sacajawea Park and local cemeteries on significant

patriotic holidays underscores his commitment to community service.
For his Eagle Scout Project, Ian raised funds to purchase and install

two bicycle repair stations on local bike trails, benefiting the

Livingston Bicycle Club and the community.
Ian's perseverance, positive

attitude, and compassion for younger Scouts are truly inspiring.
Jeremy Paul Yoakam, a senior who splits his education between

homeschooling and the Learning Bench Academy, also embarked on his

Scouting journey in 2013.
Achieving the Arrow of Light in 2018, Jeremy

joined Boy Scouts in May 2018 and has since been an active and

influential member of his troop.
His service projects display

dedication to community improvement, including food drives, river

clean-ups, and veterans' support.
Jeremy's Eagle Scout Project involved building two flag collection

boxes for the community to appropriately dispose of worn flags.
This

project honors the American flag and those who have served, and it

highlights Jeremy's innovative thinking and commitment to service.
To go along with his excellent academic achievement, Jeremy balances

his Scouting activities with a rich array of extracurricular pursuits,

including church youth group, jiu-jitsu, backpacking, hunting, fly-

fishing, and shooting sports.
His work at Woodland Ridge Tiny Home

Crafters speaks to his industrious nature and varied interests.
Mr. Speaker, the dedication and achievements of Ian Noel Merriman and

Jeremy Paul Yoakam are commendable.
Their contributions to their

community and Scouting exemplify the best of our young citizens.
I urge

my colleagues to join me in honoring these outstanding young men for

their exemplary service and leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF DARREN PYTEL

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Police

Chief Darren Pytel, upon his retirement after 41 years of service to

our Davis community.
Chief Pytel's career exemplifies commitment to

community, service, and excellence, and his legacy in Davis will

continue to inspire future generations

Chief Pytel grew up in Davis, choosing to remain in his hometown,

where he would ultimately dedicate his life's work to enhancing public

safety and community trust.