Therefore, it is fitting and

proper that we honor him here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF DON VALPREDO

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of my friend

Donald John Valpredo, a respected member of our community and a pillar

of modern agriculture.
Mr. Valpredo passed away on October 31, 2024, at the age of 85,

leaving behind a remarkable legacy of leadership, determination,

and family pride.
Whether through the many companies he founded and

managed or as a respected horseman, Don's loss is deeply felt by all

who knew him.
Born on January 5, 1939, to Jeanne and John Valpredo of Mettler,

California, Don inherited a proud Italian heritage, fitting his later

affectionate moniker of ``The Don'' or ``El Don.''
His father had

likely been the first pioneer to drill deep enough to find water in the

Mettler area and the Valpredos established their roots there.
After Don

graduated from Garces Memorial High School, he then attended the

University of California, Davis, where he graduated with a degree in

Agronomy.
He then went to serve our country in the U.S. Coast Guard,

which, coupled with its premier academic training, provided a firm

foundation to become a true visionary of agricultural excellence in

Kern County.
Returning to Mettler after his service, Don partnered with his

father, John, in farming.
Don was gifted and soon found himself serving

in a variety of executive roles.
He served as President of Ridge

Ginning Company and became an aggressive entrepreneur by founding Kern

Ridge Growers, Val-Mar Farms, Bako Sweet, and Country Sweet Produce,

among other companies.
As a mark of the prevailing Valpredo family

legacy, Don's son, Michael, was also a founder of Country Sweet Produce

and continues to serve as its President.
Under Don's leadership, his

farms have grown to now produce over 20 crops year-round across

thousands of acres.
His businesses today are marked by innovations like

water conservation, recycling, and employee co-ownership.
Nor can we forget Don's lifelong passion for horses, which adhered to

him after the first horse he bred won her first race.
Don's leadership

within the horseracing industry shaped the California

ThoroughbredBreeders Association (CTBA).
Don served as CTBA President

four times and once as chairman.
In 2017, Don was inducted into the

CTBA Hall of Fame for his forty years dedicated to building the sport

and the California Cup Sprint.
His work in helping to establish the

California Cup Sprint--which was later renamed in his honor and is held

at Santa Anita Park every January--stands as a lasting tribute to his

leadership in developing this industry and racing community in

California.
Don served as a Commissioner and Vice-Chairman of the

California Horse Racing Board, director of the Thoroughbred Owners of

California for thirteen years, and served on the board of directors of

the Breeders' Cup.
Yet Don was not only a leader in equine

associations, but also a winner of competitions.
Don's `Soviet Problem'

won Calbred Horse of the Year in 1994, and he would always look back

fondly on his time with that special steed.
Don is survived by his wife Sally, son Michael, daughters Natalia

Fritz and Alexis Mosely, and seven grandchildren.
Amanda and I send our

condolences to this incredible family who have lost a great patriarch

and leader.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me as we celebrate Don

Valpredo's amazing life and legacy.
From the fields of Mettler to the

racetrack at Santa Anita Park, Don Valpredo will be dearly missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

OCEANVIEW FIRE DEPARTMENT'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker, this past September, I had the honor of

commemorating the historic 100th Anniversary of the Oceanville

Volunteer Fire Company, a milestone that marks decades of exceptional

service to our community.