MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Police

Chief Darren Pytel, upon his retirement after 41 years of service to

our Davis community.
Chief Pytel's career exemplifies commitment to

community, service, and excellence, and his legacy in Davis will

continue to inspire future generations

Chief Pytel grew up in Davis, choosing to remain in his hometown,

where he would ultimately dedicate his life's work to enhancing public

safety and community trust.
Chief Pytel earned his bachelor's degree in

criminal justice at Sacramento State University, and later a Juris

Doctorate at Lincoln Law School.
Chief Pytel began his career as a police cadet in 1983 and advanced

through nearly every rank within the Davis Police Department.
He served

as a bike enforcement officer, police officer, sergeant/watch

commander, lieutenant, and Assistant Police Chief before being named

Police Chief in 2015.
His leadership has guided the department through

some of its most challenging moments, including the tragic loss of

Police Officer Natalie Corona, the COVID-19 pandemic, and the spring

2023 homicides.
Throughout his tenure, Chief Pytel led the Davis Police Department

with a focus on progressive policing, building trust, and fostering

partnerships with the community.
In recognition of Chief Pytel's

innovative approach to policing, he received the Multi-Cultural

Community Council Administration of Justice Award for establishing the

Alternative Conflict Resolution process, which allows for peaceful

conflict mediation and community-based resolution.
Chief Pytel has also served as an educator, teaching aspiring public

safety professionals in Sacramento City College's Administration of

Justice Department since 2007.
After his retirement from the police

department, Chief Pytel will continue his teaching role at the college

while residing in Fair Oaks with his wife, Melissa.
Together, they look

forward to spending more time with their four children and five

grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, we honor Chief Darren Pytel today for his service, his

commitment to our Davis community, and the integrity with which he led

the Davis Police Department.
His career and leadership have left an

indelible mark on our community, and his contributions will continue to

benefit our city of Davis for years to come.
It is truly fitting and

proper that we recognize Chief Pytel's legacy here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LEON GARCIA

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Leon

Garcia, as we celebrate his retirement as American Canyon's longest

serving mayor.
After moving to American Canyon in 2000, Mr. Garcia quickly began his

career in public service.
In 2002, he was sworn in as a city council

member, marking the beginning of his service to the community.
Following his council term, Mr. Garcia made history as American

Canyon's first elected mayor.
Known affectionately by his team as the

`listener-in-chief,' Mr. Garcia's attentive approach earned him

nineteen years in the mayor's office.
As mayor, Mr. Garcia earned his resident's trust by putting them

first.
He promoted healthy growth and expansion measures including

overseeing the expansion of hundreds of new homes, ushering in

warehouses in industrial areas, and supporting the Watson Ranch

wetland's trail access initiatives.
Mr. Garcia has been a strong

advocate for the City's Broadway District Specific Plan since 2017.
This project is designed to transform Highway 29 from an auto-oriented

commercial area into a multimodal town center.
Beyond his mayoral duties, Mr. Garcia's dedication to service extends

to numerous organizations at local, regional and statewide levels.
He's

been an active member of Napa Valley Waste Management Authority, Napa

County Flood and Water Conservation District, American Canyon Community

& Parks Foundation, Napa Valley Transportation Authority, Napa County

League of Governments, Association of Bay Area Governments, the League

of California Cities North Bay Division, and the Napa Climate Action

Committee.
He has also served on the board of important not-for-profits

organizations such as the Napa County Hispanic Network and Community

Action of Napa Valley.