Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great American hero, Private James ``Stanley'' Mitchell, who volunteered to serve our great Nation in World War II and died 82 years ago in a Japanese POW camp in Luzon, Philippines.
Private Mitchell's remains were located and identified and have been returned to his family, a testament of his courage and sacrifice.
Private Mitchell was born in Joplin, Missouri on October 2, 1917.
The family would move frequently during his early life, eventually settling down in Hamilton City, California.
On March 4, 1941, Private Mitchell enlisted in the United States Army and was deployed as part of the 31st Infantry Regiment on assignment to Clark Field in Luzon, Philippines.
Ten months after his initial deployment to the Philippines, Imperial Japanese Forces would bomb Pearl Harbor, bringing the United States and all her territories into World War II.
Japanese forces begin a full-scale invasion of Luzon, Philippines on December 22, 1941.
The 31st Infantry Regiment stood defiant and courageous against overwhelming Japanese forces until their surrender on April 9, 1942.
Private Mitchell joined approximately 72,000 American and Filipino prisoners of war (POW) on a 65-mile march known as the Bataan Death March.
These brave souls endured torture, starvation, disease and ultimately death at the hands of the Japanese forces.
By the end of the march, only approximately 52,000 American and Filipino POWs remained live.
Private Mitchell and many surviving POWs would be held at the Cabanatuan POW Camp.
Conditions would not improve for these courageous men.
On January 7, 1943, Private Mitchell succumbed to starvation and disease, dying at a weight of only 70 pounds.
Private Mitchell was buried in one of the many mass graves at the camp.
The Cabanatuan POW Camp would be liberated on January 30, 1945, with only 489 POWs remaining alive.
Unfortunately, 2,656 brave American POWs had lost their lives at the camp.
Private Mitchell was the first World War II casualty from Hamilton City.
His status as a POW brought great sadness and pain to his family.
The news of his death brought devastation to his parents and family.
His remains were exhumed and identified in September of 2024.
Private Mitchell's remains were brought home to the United States on May 3, 2025, and he will be laid to rest between his parents at the Los Molinos Cemetery, in Northern California.
Private Mitchell's story and sacrifice will not be forgotten.
His legacy and impact to our community will continue to be felt.
His return will bring closure to his family.
God bless Private Mitchell and welcome home.