Ms. WILSON.
Mr. Speaker, I use today to commemorate the 5th Annual Power & Influence Luncheon hosted by Global Innovative Foundation, Inc. and to pay tribute to their many contributions to our community.
Whereas, the Global Innovative Foundation, Inc is a non-profit organization that was incorporated in 2019 by a diverse group of professionals engaged to create global awareness for the prevention of crimes and to empower the lives of victims and survivors through support, education, service, and scholarships; and Whereas, I extend my heartfelt congratulations to the esteemed honorees of the 5th Annual Power & Influence Luncheon hosted by the Global Innovative Foundation, Inc.
These individuals have demonstrated exceptional leadership, compassion, and dedication in their efforts to uplift and support victims and survivors within our community.
Among them, we commend Miami-Dade County Mayor Daniella Levine Cava for recipient of the Power & Influencer Award, State 
Representative Marie Woodson, District 105, for being recognized with the Trailblazer Award, Miami-Dade County State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle as the recipient of the Justice Advocate Excellence Award, and Florida Attorney General Ashley Moody as the recipient of the Iman's Light Foundation Award.
We also honor the commitment and service of MiamiDade County Corrections and Rehabilitation Dept. Director Sherea Green, Hispanic Women of Distinction President & CEO Elaine Miceli Vasquez, Miami Dade College School.
Alwyn Leiba, South Region Florida Nurses Association Director Dr. Guillermo Valdes, Jewish University System President Lucy Alfonso, Quest2Freedom Founder & CEO Victor Williams, Empower U Community Health Center, Guiding Light Outreach Founder/CEO Dr. Shanika Ampah, Miami-Dade County's Office Community Advocacy Communications & Media Director Griselle Marino, Foundation of the Americas & Global Philanthropy Society CEO/Founder Rachel Pinedo, President and CEO of CMS International Group Jeff Lozama, and President of Florida Association of Nonprofit Organizations, Inc. Marina Pavlov.
Lastly, we recognize the dedicated service of Global Innovative Foundation's 2021-2023 Chairwoman Bernadette Pierre, recipient of the Service Excellence Award.