The Minister will be aware that Labour-run Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council has recently given the go-ahead for developers to build hundreds of new homes at Highfield Park in Maltby on land that has always been greenfield.
What he might not be aware of is that the developer has given thousands of pounds to the local Labour party, which none of the councillors voting on the issue declared.
What can he do to ensure that such greenfield sites are not wantonly given over to developers?
I am sorry to hear about the challenges that my hon.
Friend has seen in Rother Valley.
It is one reason that more Conservative councillors need to be elected on to Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council for the future.
We are absolutely aware that there are challenges.
We need to build more houses and in the right place, and the best way to do that is by getting a local plan in place, and by the councils that are responsible for that engaging properly with their communities about it.
My local authority is bending over backwards to try to build social housing and is committed to building 2,000 new homes, yet the Government are still standing in the way by placing restrictions on reinvesting right-to-buy money in building social housing.
Why will the Government not assist local authorities to build those houses?
We have had 14,000 fewer homes a year since 2010.
Does the Minister accept that that is a disgraceful record for the Government?
We always stand ready to work with local authorities of whatever stripe or colour to ensure the delivery of new homes.
As the hon.
Member knows, London is the region of the United Kingdom that has performed worst against its housing targets.
Principally, that is down to the Mayor, not to individual local authorities, so I look forward to talking to him about what more we can do together.
There is a powerful community campaign to stop an asphalt plant being built in countryside in my constituency.
The application has dragged on for years.
Will the Minister look at how applicants and councils can be compelled to provide and process information in a more timely manner, so that such applications do not blight the lives of local people for so long?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need decisions at the earliest possible opportunity.
Sometimes that is not possible, but it is important that things are done as quickly as possible.
That is one reason that we announced a few weeks ago that we were monitoring local authorities’ planning application performance, so that can see where they are, and are not, doing the right thing.
Lease-holders at Orchard House in my constituency are in an unsafe building with known defects.
They have been issued with a remediation order, but the freeholder is simply not co-operating.
Does this not suggest that the feudal freehold system should be abolished for flats, as well as for houses?
What assurances can the Minister give my constituents that they will get help from somewhere?
It suggests to me that the freeholder is doing the wrong thing, and where the freeholder is doing the wrong thing, they need to be held to account through the court system, as they are, and they will eventually be forced to do the right thing.
On the specifics, I am happy to talk to the hon.
Lady, if that would be helpful.
We have £72 million for Bishop Auckland through the levelling-up fund, the future high streets fund and the towns fund, £20 million for Spennymoor through the long-term plan for towns and a £1.4 billion investment fund through the north-east devolution deal.
It really is the Conservatives who deliver for the north-east, is it not?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend, and I thank her for her work in this role in the Department and all that she has done to help level up in her constituency.
There are 14,000 families waiting on Liverpool’s housing register.
We are facing a housing and homelessness crisis, and the cost of providing temporary accommodation has gone from £250,000 to £19 million in the past three years.
The leader of the council has written to the Secretary of State twice.
When will the Secretary of State wake up to this emergency?
I appreciate the advocacy of Liverpool MPs on behalf of those in temporary accommodation, and I appreciate the scale and nature of the problem.
I have been working with the Mayor of Liverpool city region and others to look at a strategic futures advisory panel report that we believe will unlock not just additional housing, but additional investment in Liverpool and the Liverpool city region.
I look forward to discussing that with the hon.
Member and, indeed, the new leader of Liverpool City Council.
Over the weekend, the Express ran a story about Ferryhill in my Sedgefield constituency being a dumping ground for rapists and  paedophiles.
My constituents believe that has been driven by housing groups advertising in the south to people that they have houses in places such as Ferryhill where no checks are required.
Can the Minister meet me to discuss how we can stop the degeneration of places such as Ferryhill?
I am very sorry to hear of my hon.
Friend’s concerns.
I will meet him and discuss how our antisocial behaviour action plan can help in Ferryhill.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Today, more than 40 of the Government’s own MPs have written to the Prime Minister with their concern about the financial situation facing councils and the need for emergency funding.
The Local Government Association says that there is likely to be a £4 billion funding gap over the next two years.
If there are to be these council shortfalls and many people will not see the essential services they rely on, what will the Secretary of State do to ensure that people still have access to the vital services they so desperately need?
I think that of the 40 MPs who wrote that letter, one was  the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner)  and one was  the hon.
Member for Somerton and Frome (Sarah Dyke) , so I look forward to their joining our ranks as part of the swelling tide of Conservative support that I see across the country.
On the specifics of the hon.
Member’s point, we have been listening carefully to colleagues in local government and will respond in due course.
Local council tax payers in Warrington quite rightly expect high levels of governance and transparency when councillors are using public money to invest in commercial businesses, which carries a high level of risk.
Does the Minister agree that the decision by Labour-run Warrington Borough Council to reduce the number of opposition councillors on its audit committee flies in the face of good governance and that questions need to be asked about how it is managing its £1.8 billion debt?
I recognise the concerns regarding Warrington’s debt.
Of course, the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023 provides new powers for the Government to step in and take action to protect the public purse.
My experience is that where important scrutiny chairmanship roles are held by opposition parties, those who take the decisions take better decisions, and the scrutiny is much better as a result.
Does the Secretary of State think it is acceptable that leaseholders of Lee Court in my constituency should be without heating and hot water, as well as experiencing multiple problems in the communal area?
If he does not think that is acceptable, how and when will he strengthen the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill to stop these injustices from happening?
I absolutely accept that, and I believe that I wrote recently to Lewisham council to draw attention to its responsibilities in the area.
On Metro Mayors, may I draw my right hon.
Friend’s attention to the decision of Ben Houchen to deliver the £250 million Darlington northern link road using Network North funds?
Does he agree that that is a fantastic example of Ben delivering for Darlington and the Tees Valley?
It is just another example of Ben Houchen as Metro Mayor using all the powers at his disposal and the resources released by this Conservative Government to ensure that, at last, Teesside and the Tees Valley gets the investment it needed.
One reason he attracts so much criticism from the Labour party is that he is a Tory who delivers for Teesside in a way that no one has ever delivered before.
Come on, Jim.
Will the Minister commit to further levelling-up funding for the devolved institutions for local sports clubs across Northern Ireland, instead of funding Casement Park to the detriment of every other sport looking for funding in Northern Ireland, so that all traditions and all sides of the community can benefit from the funding?
I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point seriously.
It is important that we support grassroots sport and other civil society organisations in Northern Ireland.
We are working hard to try to ensure that we can do that with our partners in a restored Executive.
In the meantime, I should say that I am grateful to Ulster rugby for ending its relationship with Kingspan, which means that we can unlock additional funding for grassroots rugby across Northern Ireland.
While I am deeply disappointed that Stoke-on-Trent Labour refuses to make the necessary terms and conditions changes to help save Stoke-on-Trent City Council funding, there is a united view across the political divide in Stoke-on-Trent that the legacy in children’s social care is causing huge financial strain on the local authority.
Will the Secretary of State do everything he can to work with Councillor Jane Ashworth to ensure that that gap is funded and those children—the most vulnerable in our society—are protected?
Absolutely.
I hope that the House will note that my hon.
Friend, who fights incredibly hard for his principles and for Stoke-on-Trent, is taking a typically statesmanlike approach in putting his constituents first.
Come the next general election, people should remember that he is someone whose big heart reflects their good values.
Road safety is put at risk by roads that are not adopted, because speed limits cannot be enforced and often they do not get gritted.
There are serious worries that people will get injured.
What more can the Department do to ensure that key service roads on big, new housing estates get adopted more quickly?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We need to ensure that developers live up to their responsibilities to provide appropriate infrastructure.
It has been the case that a number of fleecehold—for want of a better word—developments have unadopted roads, where children are at risk.
Before we proceed to the next business, I would like to make a brief statement.
The link between Members of Parliament and our constituents is special and fundamental to the democratic life of the country.
As we enter the general election year, many hon.
Members are expecting boundary changes.
Some will contemplate standing for constituencies that they do not currently represent.
I have received a number of representations from hon.
Members from all parts of the House about colleagues involving themselves in their constituencies.
I thought it would be helpful to remind the House of some important rules and conventions regarding constituency representation.
First, Members usually deal with individual cases relating only to their own constituencies.
When a Member is contacted by someone seeking assistance who is not her or his own constituent, the normal expectation is that the person should be referred to the relevant constituency Member.
Secondly, when a Member intends to visit another constituency other than in a private capacity, they should make every reasonable effort to inform the Member representing that constituency before they do so.
That applies equally to ministerial visits.
The ministerial code states that the Ministers intending to make an official visit in the United Kingdom must inform, in advance and in good time, the MPs whose constituencies are to be included in the visit.
I should add that, although the ministerial code does not apply to shadow Ministers, they should adhere to the same protocol if visiting constituencies.
Thirdly, when issues relating to another constituency are raised in the House, the Member concerned should, where possible and when time permits, inform the other Member involved in advance.
That applies equally to the tabling of written questions.
Hon.
Members have a duty to look after the constituents who elected them to this place.
Boundary changes do not take effect until the next election.
We must observe the convention of not involving ourselves with another Member’s constituency until that time.
More generally, I understand that the political temperature will rise as we get closer to an election.
I urge all hon.
Members to continue to treat each other with courtesy and respect in the remaining months of this Parliament.
The election seems to have started a little too early.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on her Department’s plans to roll out 15 hours of funded childcare to 2-year-olds in working families from April 2024.
The Government are rolling out the single largest expansion in childcare in English history.
By September 2025, we will provide working parents with 30 hours of free childcare a week from when their child is nine months old, all the way until they start school.
By 2027-28, this Government expect to spend in excess of £8 billion every year on free hours in early education—double the amount we are currently spending.
We are introducing that in phases.
From April, eligible working parents will be able to access the first 15 hours of free childcare each week for their two-year-olds.
In September, they will be able to access the first 15 hours each week for nine-month-olds.
A year later in September 2025, they will be able to access the full 30 hours for all eligible children aged nine months upwards.
We want parents to be able to access the new offer as soon as they can.
Delivering that ambition includes increasing childcare funding rates, with an additional £204 million in this financial year and an additional £400 million in the coming financial year.
We are providing grants to help new childminders enter the sector and, to make it easier for the sector, making changes to the early years foundation stage that it has asked us to make.
We hear every day from families how significant this policy will be for their finances.
Once the roll-out is completed, eligible families will save up to £6,500 per year.
It will help parents to return to work or increase their hours, and tens of thousands of parents have already successfully applied for their codes, ready to take up their places in April.
Parents should visit childcarechoices.gov.uk to see the full range of support they are entitled to.
Regarding tax-free childcare, we will be issuing letters with temporary codes to any parents whose tax-free childcare reconfirmation date falls on or after  15 February  and before  1 April .
That will ensure that any eligible parent who needs a code to confirm their funded childcare place with their provider will have one, and that no parent should worry that they will lose out.