There will be agreement on both sides of the House that reform is needed.
For my part, I welcome the introduction of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill to get people on to modern leasehold and commonhold, and through the Minister, I invite those who are suffering— the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central (Chi Onwurah)  explained that her constituents are suffering—to put their points through MPs to the Department, so that when amendments to the Bill are tabled, as many as possible can be discussed and accepted.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
As I and the Secretary of State have said, we are keen to improve the Bill where we can, but it is a substantial Bill that will make substantial changes for people who have needed reform of leasehold for a long time.
What steps he is taking to promote transparency in local government.
Steps are always being taken to improve transparency.
The local government accountability framework and transparency code sets standards for transparency; it mandates the publication of certain information, such as spend.
The Office for Local Government will promote transparency further by providing authoritative local government performance data on the local authority data explorer.
Being a cabinet member in a local council should require the highest level of transparency.
However, I fear that is not always the case when relevant previous criminal and custodial convictions remain hidden.
What advice would my hon.
Friend give council leaders about how to ensure cabinet members are fully transparent about their previous convictions where relevant to their role as a cabinet member?
My hon.
Friend raises an important question.
At the time of appointment, all council leaders should be aware of existing disqualification criteria barring councillors who have been given a custodial sentence of three months or more, or who are registered sex offenders.
If the council leader is not aware, those people who are due to be appointed should make their group leader aware of those circumstances.
They have a legal obligation to declare as election candidates—this is an important issue.
The Nolan principles are there for a reason: to maintain transparency and standards.
If my hon.
Friend wishes to write to me with the details of the case he has mentioned, I would be happy to receive his submission.
What steps he is taking to reform the private rented sector.
The Renters (Reform) Bill will soon enter its Report stage in the House of Commons.
That Bill abolishes section 21 evictions, moves the sector to a system of periodic tenancies and introduces a private rented sector property portal and ombudsman, improving the system for responsible tenants and good-faith landlords.
In my casework, I have seen an alarming rise in the number of no-fault evictions.
This is leading to families being moved a long way from my borough, with children having to travel tens of miles to get to school every day.
The Government have said that they are going to remove section 21 evictions, but they have not given the criteria under which they are going to do so, and it seems that this is going to be in the hands of the Minister.
Opposition Front Benchers have offered to work with the Government to eradicate section 21 evictions.
The Government said they would do it four years ago.
According to the Government’s own figures, 80,000 families have been threatened with no-fault evictions.
When are the Government going to co-operate and get this resolved?
That is exactly why we are bringing forward the Renters (Reform) Bill.
However, as we set out on Second Reading and in Committee, we will not be able to do that until the court system is able to cope with the increased number of cases.
We heard evidence in Committee about the huge increase in cases that we will find.
We are introducing these reforms in a phased way so that courts and the sector have time to adjust.
[Interruption.]
I would say to the hon.
Gentleman, and to  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , who is chuntering from a sedentary position, that it serves no one to leave tenants or landlords in limbo in a court system that is not functioning properly.
Chelmsford is a brilliant city and lots of people want to go there to live, but that does mean there is huge demand for properties, especially affordable properties, both to buy and to rent.
At the moment, when we build new houses the local authority can put a quota of affordable homes on those new build properties, but they cannot do that when large office blocks are converted into flats.
Will my hon.
Friend  arrange for me to meet the Housing Minister, so that I can discuss how to make progress with my private Member’s Bill on affordable housing in conversions of commercial to residential properties?
I will ensure that the Housing Minister is able to meet my right hon.
Friend.
What assessment he has made of the reliability of information on associated infrastructure provided to buyers by housing developers.
It is absolutely vital that buyers have correct, up-to-date and accurate material information on their purchase before they make a decision to buy a home.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend the Minister.
He will know that promotional documents put out by major house builders such as Barratt Homes, Taylor Wimpey, David Wilson Homes and so on to prospective purchasers on large-scale housing estates commit absolutely to the building of health infrastructure, which very often does not turn up.
Just allocating a piece of land simply is not good enough.
Can he please make sure that we do not mislead purchasers and that, frankly, the doctors’ surgery is the first building to be built on many of these new estates?
My hon.
Friend makes a hugely important point, and I am grateful for the time he has spent with me in my first couple of months in the job to highlight this issue, to articulate the problems and to show the real-life examples of where there is an issue.
He is such a good champion of this issue for his constituency.
A substantial amount of infrastructure has been built all across the country, but where there are gaps it is hugely frustrating, and we will continue to work with assiduous Members such as my hon.
Friend to try to close them.
A recent freedom of information request revealed that only a third of the housing infrastructure fund has actually been spent, which leaves £2.9 billion unspent.
The National Audit Office says that successful delivery of the housing infrastructure fund “appears to be unachievable”, so what is going to happen to that £2.9 billion?
The housing infrastructure fund continues to transform very difficult, challenging and unviable areas of the country.
It is being spent at pace, and it will continue to be so.
We expect it to be able to transform more parts of the country over the years ahead.
What assessment he has made of the role of neighbourhood planning in the national planning policy framework.
The Government recognise the time and commitment that communities put into neighbourhood plans.
Our recent updates to the national planning policy framework mean that neighbourhood plans meeting their identified housing requirement are now better protected from speculative development, including through the additional reforms coming in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023.
My Lib Dem-run borough council still does not have an up-to-date local plan.
Every day that passes means that we are open to speculative housing developments without the right infrastructure such as GP practices and roads and those kind of things.
My communities are fantastic at producing neighbourhood plans, but they are ridden over roughshod in places such as Desford, where housing has been put in where the community does not want it.
Will the Minister look at increasing the priority given to neighbourhood plans when communities and local planning authorities do not have an up-to-date local plan?
It is hugely frustrating when local plans are not in place.
As my hon.
Friend indicated, in his area the Lib Dem council has failed to do that, which is letting residents down.
There have been changes as a result of the national planning policy framework giving additional protection through neighbourhood plans, but district councils and those with planning responsibilities need to get their plans in place.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of a permitted development right for urban homeowners to increase their property to four storeys where that complies with the local authority’s design code.
We have introduced national permitted development rights to allow a wide range of existing residential and commercial buildings to extend upwards by up to two additional storeys.
We have also recently consulted on proposals to apply local design codes to those rights and further announcements will be made in due course.
May I urge the Minister to go further and faster on this?
The permitted development rights would create beautiful urban townscapes and unleash the biggest wave of housebuilding in half a century, which would in turn cut housing costs to rent or buy, be greener by allowing people to live within bicycling or walking distance from work and protecting rural landscapes from urban sprawl and, by increasing the development potential of almost any urban building, be the biggest single act of wealth creation in decades.
What’s to dislike?
There is absolutely nothing to dislike, as my hon.
Friend indicates, about speeding up the planning system to ensure we get the houses we so badly need.
As I know my hon.
Friend will appreciate, however, there is always a balance to be struck: we must ensure that we take local people with us, but we are committed to building more houses, and doing so in the right places.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Earlier this month we launched the consultation on Awaab’s law, which insists upon time limits for repairs in the social rented sector.
In the shaping of this law and many other initiatives and interventions to help people in social housing, the example of Tony Lloyd, the late Member for Rochdale, is in all our minds and hearts.
Awaab was one of his constituents, and Tony Lloyd could not have been kinder or more supportive of the efforts of my Department and others to see justice for Awaab’s family.
The household support fund has supported 330,000 households in Liverpool since its introduction.
The focus needs to shift from crisis support to prevention but in the short term the demand for local welfare is rising.
Like many other councils, Liverpool City Council says the household support fund will need to continue beyond March 2024 to keep residents well supported to stay in and enter work and prevent an escalating crisis, reducing pressure on public services including local authorities.
What representations has the Minister made to the Treasury and the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure the continuation of the fund after March?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the fund has helped many communities in need, particularly in Liverpool.
He and other Liverpool MPs have been assiduous in making the case for its continuation and I have passed that on to colleagues.
Leicester-shire MPs had plenty of time last week with two Ministers from the Department—the levelling-up Minister and the local government Minister—to discuss the funding and structure of our county council.
To follow up, will the Minister for local government commit to meet the county council leadership to ensure that the funding and the formula that goes with it are improved for the future?