The UK Health Security Agency announced last week that it has declared a national standard incident in response to an increase in confirmed cases of measles.
In order for our measles, mumps and rubella vaccine to work, the World Health Organisation recommends at least 95% coverage to maintain population coverage.
At the moment, our MMR reach is 89.3% for the first dose at 24 months, and 84.5% for the second dose at five years.
This is not a new issue.
There has been a gradual decline in coverage over 10 years because of a number of factors, ranging from the Wakefield generation, when Dr Andrew Wakefield published his discredited paper on the risks of MMR, through to covid, when routine vaccinations were missed, and there has been a drop since then.
There have also been concerns in particular communities, such as the Jewish and Muslim communities, about the type of vaccine used.
We have not been waiting: the NHS has carried out a catch-up effort over the past 12 months, proactively contacting parents and carers of unvaccinated children aged five and younger, and we have seen a 10% increase in vaccination compared to the previous year.
However, that is not enough.
NHS figures show that almost 3.5 million children under the age of 16 are unprotected and at risk of catching this serious and preventable
disease.[Official Report,  24 May 2024 ; Vol. 750, c. 16WC.]
(Correction) Measles is so infectious that one infected child in a classroom can infect up to nine other unvaccinated children, making it one of the most infectious diseases worldwide.
While for most it will be a mild illness, one in five children with measles will need to be admitted to hospital for treatment, putting additional pressure on the NHS.
I want to stress that this is not just a childhood disease; for adults who have not been vaccinated it can be a serious and potentially life-changing event.
My message to mums and dads with children who are currently unvaccinated is to come forward.
We have a range of measures in place.
One million letters are going out to the parents of unvaccinated children across London and the midlands.
We have extra clinics being set up by GPs, pop-up clinics in schools and vaccine buses targeting communities with low vaccination rates.
We have held two MP briefing sessions, on 12 and  19 January : one for the west midlands and one for London.
Today we have sent out information to MPs so that they can help us get the message out to their constituents to come forward.
It is not too late.
There is no age limit.
Anybody who has not had their vaccination can come forward.
The first vaccine will  provide roughly 92% protection, and the second will provide 98%.
The message is to come forward and get vaccinated.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
The declaration of a national incident due to the rise in measles cases by the UK Health Security Agency on Friday is concerning.
Measles can be serious and it is extremely infectious, with a reproduction rate five times that of covid.
However, it is also entirely preventable.
The Minister is right to emphasise the importance of getting vaccinated.
The MMR vaccine is safe, effective and the best way to protect ourselves and our loved ones against measles.
There is no age cut-off for getting an MMR vaccine.
There are alternatives available for those who do not touch pork products.
Once a person has had it, the vaccine can provide protection within two weeks.
I urge anyone watching this who has not been vaccinated to contact their GP.
Mr Speaker, we are in agreement that this issue is serious.
I thank the Minister for outlining some of the steps that she is taking.
However, we should never have got to this point.
The UK was deemed by the World Health Organisation to have eradicated measles just five years ago.
Since then, MMR vaccination rates have plummeted, leaving tens of thousands of children completely unprotected, which means that now one in five children is not protected with two doses by the age of five.
Cases have also risen consistently over the years, and by 120% in the past year alone, so the warning signs could have been seen from space.
What steps are being taken to get a grip on this crisis before it becomes a national outbreak?
How will the Minister rectify her Department’s failure to maintain child vaccination rates for contagious diseases?
Is this not another instance of Government complacency when it comes to protecting our children’s health?