Last week, the Secretary of State told the Business and Trade Committee that he hoped that the long-delayed inquiry that he commissioned into Teesworks and the Tees Valley Mayor will be published soon, and that he would not “pre-empt it”.
The report was promised in July, then November, then December.
It is now January.
Where is it?
The hon.
Lady should know that the ministerial code means I am recused from matters relating to my constituency.
However, I would simply say to her when she wants to criticise Ben Houchen that he is one of the most effective Mayors we have had.
The employment rate in Teesside since Ben was elected has increased by 3.6%, compared with the rest of the north-east, which only increased by 0.1%, and the national average of 0.6%.
She should focus her attention on some of the Labour Mayors like the Labour Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, who is failing on housing, failing on crime and failing on the things that matter to people.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of voter identification requirements on election turnout.
We were pleased to see, in the May 2023 elections, that the vast majority of voters in polling stations were able to cast their vote successfully.
That amounted to 99.75% of those seeking to vote.
Fourteen thousand voters were turned away from polling stations at the May 2023 local elections for not having photo identification.
Local councils have been cut to the bone, so they do not have the resources to ensure that everybody has photo ID.
What will the Government do to ensure that nobody is disenfranchised when we get to the general election?
There is nothing novel about having voter ID.
France, Germany, Austria and Canada all have it, and we have had it in Northern Ireland—part of the United Kingdom—for the past 20 years.
I understand that in internal Labour party selection elections, their members also have to produce voter ID.
We have a full and comprehensive list of voter IDs, which councils  have been using very well.
For those who wish to vote and do not have one of those forms of ID—a tiny number—we also have the voter certificate, available free of charge, which allows them to vote.
We want to see as many people as possible voting and, of course, we want to see them voting Conservative.