The Minister only earlier extolled the virtues of devolution.
In fact, page 29 of the 2019 Tory manifesto said that the “ambition is for full devolution across England, building on the successful devolution of powers to city region mayors” and others.
How does that laudable aim fit with the Government’s shocking attempts, through threats and bullying tactics, to strangle the ability of local councils such as South Cambridgeshire District Council to trial a four-day week and other money-saving initiatives?
If the hon.
Gentleman can construct an argument for hard-working families across the country —many of whom will be working two or three jobs to  keep a roof over their heads—that five days’ pay and benefits is commensurate with four days’ work a week, I would be interested in hearing it.
I invite him in all seriousness to consider the impact on the public’s perception of the public sector if it is given out that we can afford to work four days a week but still expect and receive five days’ pay.
What steps he is taking to help first-time buyers.
Getting on the property ladder is everything that is important about being a Conservative.
The Government have a range of schemes available to first-time buyers, including the first homes scheme, shared ownership and right to buy.
So far, nearly 900,000 people have been helped on to the property ladder by this Government.
Does the Minister agree that while Labour Members actively block the building of new homes for first-time buyers, the Conservative Government have increased the numbers to a 20-year high and helped almost 1 million households through Government-backed schemes?
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
I hope he heard some of the chunters of “Come on!” from the Opposition Benches when he raised the absolutely correct point that, when the opportunity was there for Labour Members, they flubbed it.
They have blocked 100,000 houses that could be used for first-time buyers, people who need help, and the most vulnerable.
It is all down to  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) .