Rather than levying fines of £2,500 on the most vulnerable people sleeping rough, as is proposed in the Criminal Justice Bill, will the Minister commit to building a new generation of social housing?
The current levels are pitiful and are an embarrassment, are they not, Secretary of State?
No, absolutely not.
Our record on building social homes is significantly better than that of the last Labour Government.
It is under our Administration that local authorities have been given the chance to take 100% of the receipts from right to buy and to reinvest them in social housing.
It is this Government, spending £11.5 billion through the affordable homes programme, who are capable of delivering social homes.
As we are talking of billions of pounds, the £28 billion black hole in the shadow Minister’s budget would devastate our housing market.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure effective accountability of regional Mayors.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure effective accountability of regional Mayors.
The English devolution accountability framework was published in March 2023 to make it easier to understand how Mayors, leaders and institutions with devolved powers are held to account.
The framework, alongside the recently published scrutiny protocol, will improve scrutiny and make clearer the outcomes and metrics that Mayors are delivering against.
Once again, I thank the Minister for the £48 million of levelling-up funds to upgrade the Penistone line, which will significantly improve the service and bring much-needed improvements to Shepley, Stocksmoor and Denby Dale stations.
However, to achieve the ultimate goal of getting trains to run a half-hourly service, more investment is required, and that needs to come through the West Yorkshire Mayor and Network North.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the Mayor should make that a priority, and announce the extra investment to ensure a full upgrade of the Penistone line?
We were delighted to provisionally award Kirklees Council with £48 million from the levelling-up fund to upgrade the Penistone railway line.
I thank my hon.
Friend and others, particularly Conservative Members, for their dedicated support, and I look forward to seeing the benefits that the funding will bring to people travelling between Huddersfield and Sheffield.
As my hon.
Friend says, Network North will see additional devolved funding provided to the West Yorkshire Mayor.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport and I will work with him and the Mayor to ensure that this new and unprecedented level of investment addresses local priorities, and supports towns, cities and rural areas across West Yorkshire.
In Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, we are looking forward to electing our first Mayor in a few weeks’ time, especially with the £1.5 billion of funding for transport improvements.
How do we ensure that that money is spent on improving our road links, fixing potholes, improving railway lines and so on, and is not lost in the creation of a costly administrative third tier of local government?
We have provided additional funding to councils in the east midlands to set up the new local authority, so any additional funding through Network North will not be consumed by that.
It is a fantastic opportunity to get my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  elected as the East Midlands Mayor.
I am sure that he will focus on exactly the priorities my hon.
Friend  the Member for Amber Valley (Nigel Mills)  mentions.