The reality is that more and more councils are being pushed to the financial brink.
It stands as a fact that more councils issued bankruptcy notices last year than in the previous 30 years combined.
Those councils were Conservative, Liberal Democrat and no overall control, but the one thing they have in common is the Conservative Government in Downing Street.
The Local Government Association reports that councils face an immediate £2.6 billion funding gap.
Now that the deadline has passed, can the Minister confirm how many councils have applied for exceptional financial support, and whether pressures in adult social care, children’s services and homelessness will be fully met in the financial settlement?
It is not policy for us to comment individually on councils that are seeking advice from or engagement with officials, but I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question, because it gives me the opportunity to put on record that my Department and I stand ready to engage with all those councils who wish to discuss their financial circumstances.
We want to make sure that we have a well-funded, professional local government sector, delivering for those people in our communities who look to them for the services that they require for their daily lives.
What steps he is taking to protect public green spaces.
Through the levelling up parks fund, taxpayers are providing more than £9 million to create new green spaces or significantly refurbish existing ones.
The Department-owned green flag award scheme, which is currently operated under licence by Keep Britain Tidy, sets the national standard for public green spaces and encourages local authorities to ensure that parks and green spaces are welcoming, safe and well maintained.
Behind the closed doors of the town hall, Labour-controlled Erewash Borough Council is plotting to sell off large swathes of green open space, including the former Pewit golf course in Ilkeston, which had previously been designated as a nature reserve.
Will my hon.
Friend take steps to prevent local authorities from selling public land without first carrying out full public consultations, and will he join me on a visit to the Pewit site to discuss how we might save it from the hands of developers?
By law, local authorities are required to publish a notice and advertise it before disposing of any open space.
This is exactly why it is so important that my hon.
Friend is and continues to be the MP for Erewash.
She can call out all the disasters of the Labour Erewash Borough Council which, as a fellow Derbyshire MP, I see Derbyshire Labour doing regularly all across my county.
It has the wrong priorities and outcomes, and it makes the wrong decisions.