The current legislation states that people cannot access Government money for looking after their own children, although it can happen in a larger setting.
We have no plans to change that at present, but I should be happy to have a discussion with my hon.
Friend.
We know of the challenge that many parents face in trying to find an appropriate nursery for their children, but it is even harder when a child has special educational needs.
According to messages I have received, some nurseries are refusing to take such children on.
Can the Minister say without equivocation that that is unlawful?
The hon.
Gentleman has made an important point, and he is entirely right.
We have heard from great organisations such as Dingley’s Promise that providers have not given places to children with special educational needs, and the team and I are looking into that to ensure that it is not the case.
Parents asked for support with childcare and the Treasury and the Government have delivered it, but the system does need to be simplified.
I have been following the analysis of the codes, and receiving the codes, by Pregnant Then Screwed, which announced today that a fix had been found and thanked the Department.
It would be helpful to hear a little more about that.
Will my hon.
Friend meet, for instance, the New Deal for Parents group, which is looking for long-term simplifications?
Will he also tell us how he is working through the different local authority areas to show that there will be places available now and also in September, because so many parents are looking forward to that?
My hon.
Friend has been campaigning on this issue since she arrived in this place.
The tax-free childcare code issue was a specific issue caused by parents needing to reconfirm their eligibility every three months to prove that they were still eligible.
If they did that quite late last year, they were concerned that they might not be able to get the place they needed in time for the  31 March  deadline.
As my hon.
Friend says, Pregnant Then Screwed has fixed that issue.
I would be happy to meet the groups that she mentioned.
On the sufficiency of places, we are in monthly contact with local authorities to ensure that they have sufficient places, and only a very small number are reporting any concerns at this point.
A report from the Early Education and Childcare Coalition last November found that only 17% of nursery managers said they could offer the extended entitlement, because of the crisis in recruitment in the sector, and 35% said they would limit the number of places they offered unless the Government helped with recruitment.
More than half of all nursery workers have said they are planning on leaving the sector in the next 12 months.
What will the Minister do to address the crisis in recruitment and retention in the sector so that nurseries can provide the extended entitlement that parents want?
We have seen a 4% increase in the number of staff in 2023, compared with 2022.
None the less, part of the reason why this is a phased implementation  and expansion of childcare is to ensure that we have the number of staff we need, and in a couple of weeks we will be launching a big recruitment campaign to get more people into the sector.
Will the Minister name and shame those authorities that are being dilatory in publishing their rates?
I reserve the right to do that, but we hope that if we ring them up first and ask them to publish—with the threat of doing that if they do not—they will do so.
The current system of childcare support is not working: IT problems are causing parents to be locked out of the system; codes are not working; there are no timescales to sort problems; there is no response to complaints; and people are waiting weeks for moneys to be paid to providers.
If the current system is not working, how does the Minister expect to reassure parents that the new system, which will rely on the same codes and systems, is going to work?
I simply do not accept what the hon.
Lady says—[Interruption.]
If she wants to send me details, I will be happy to take them up with any local authority that is not doing what it is asked to do.
On the two particular issues with the roll-out, we have moved quickly and provided solutions for them.
This is the biggest ever expansion of childcare and it will be transformational for many working parents, so it is bound to be really complicated to implement.
The Minister has just said that only a tiny number of local authorities are reporting that they think they will not have sufficient places, so does that mean that the vast majority of local authorities say that they will have sufficient places?
What is he doing to encourage more people to come into the profession and act as childminders?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the vast majority of local authorities are already reporting that they will have the number of places that they need.
We are working with the small number that have challenges and we are confident that they will be in the right place by that point.
On her question about childminders, one of the things we are doing is introducing a brand-new childminder grant scheme to encourage more childminders into the great early years careers that are available.
I heard the Minister talk about the staffing.
For a new parent or carer, handing over their young child to the staff in the sector is one of the most scary things.
Those staff do fantastic work but are often paid low wages.
The Women’s Budget Group has estimated that there will need to be at least 40,000 additional new early years staff to cope with the increase in entitlement in terms of recruitment and retention in the sector.
Will the Minister outline when we can expect the long-term workforce plan for the early years sector, so that we can actually have the staff?
It is no good having this increase in entitlement if there are no staff to look after the children.
The hon.
Lady is right that we need more staff.
I think she refers to the estimate in time for September 2025, rather than for the first part of the roll-out in April, which is part of the reason for the current recruitment campaign.
We are pleased to have already seen a 4% increase in the number of staff.