I recently visited the Ryton Willows Montessori nursery in my constituency, where its manager explained her concerns about the impact of the change on her, and about how she was going to make the sums add up financially and provide an excellent service.
We have heard that the final figures are not available; when will they be available?
Will the Minister undertake to review the figures to see that they meet the needs of the sector?
We set our rates by conducting a survey of 10,000 providers, in order to understand the costs they face and set the rates accordingly.[Official Report,  30 January 2024 , Vol. 744, c. 9MC.]
Last November, we delayed publishing the rates a bit, in order that we could provide more money to take account of the Government’s near 10% increase in the national living wage.
We believe we are getting them right in relation to what people are paying, but if the hon.
Lady has particular evidence she would like to send me, I will happily look at it.
Last Friday, I visited the Butterfly Lodge nursery in Blackpool to hear the concerns of early years providers, many of whom are at breaking point.
They welcomed the uplift in funding from April, but they were keen to emphasise that it does not even cover the significant increase in their costs, such as for utilities and the national living wage.
What steps are the Government taking to stabilise the sector and prevent early years providers from leaving it altogether?
I set out in my statement the additional money that we had given to the sector in the last financial year and this one to help it to meet those cost pressures—that was anchored to the survey of 10,000 providers that I talked about.[Official Report,  30 January 2024 , Vol. 744, c. 10MC.]
Again, if the hon.
Gentleman wants to send me information, data or specific case studies, I will gladly have a look.
I am glad the Minister said that, because I have a specific case from my constituency that I wish to raise.
It relates to the parents of a two-year-old and a nine-month-old baby.
They are teachers in local secondary schools and the mother is planning on returning to work after maternity leave.
They have been really struggling with this issue of the portal, when they would get the code through and so on.
I hope that what was announced will help them, but will the Minister confirm that if it turns out that it does not, I will be able to write to him and get an immediate response?
Yes, and I hope that the hon.
Lady will do so.
We have taken an extra-cautious approach on this.
A particular group of parents were affected and rather than just write to them, we have written to a much broader group of parents: everybody whose reconfirmation window goes from middle of February to the end of March.
So no parent should lose out as a result of this issue and she should get in touch with me immediately if those parents are encountering any problems.
The businesses involved in providing childcare need to be able to plan ahead.
The Minister may say, “Everything will be fine in April.
There may be some problems down the road, but we are confident we can iron them out,” but that really is not going to be get people to invest in leases from premises and all sorts of things that those who run childcare businesses are going to need to commit to, so will he give us a bit more detail?
He says he is confident that this is going to meet the need, but 700,000 children are going to join the scheme, according to the Government’s own figures.
Where are those childcare providers going to get the information they need in order to be confident that they can invest to go forward?
We are in monthly contact with local authorities and at least monthly contact with providers about this.
Some local authorities do take a long time to publish their rates.
We are looking at that, because we have provided the information and the funding that we need to, and we do not think it is right for providers in the sector to be waiting right up until  31 March  to get  that information.
So we are looking at what we can do on that.
Having said that, some local authorities have already confirmed their rates and the vast majority will do so in the coming weeks.
The initiative is supposed to provide 700,000 additional childcare places, yet 5% of providers withdrew from the market last year, including in the Sandymoor part of my constituency.
How do Ministers square that circle, given the funding pressures going forward?
We are doing all we can to help providers meet the funding pressures.
It is important for Members of the House to understand that there is a difference between the fall in the number of providers, which can be seen in nationally published data, and the increase in the number of staff and places.
I am confident that parents will be able to access these hours as entitled.
Every time the Government have made an announcement to improve childcare, I have welcomed it.
I was pleased to serve on the Bill Committee for the Childcare Act 2016, but I questioned then exactly how the Government were going to deliver the capacity needed within the budget available.
The Minister said that all would be well, but he was wrong and it took years to build up capacity, and the current offer is still not being universally delivered.
Given the poor preparation for this latest initiative, how on earth can parents expect the Government to deliver this time?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman has welcomed our announcements on childcare, although Members on the Opposition Front Bench have not done so.
We are in close contact with local authorities and providers in order to deliver the initiative, and parents will be able to get those first 15 hours for their two-year-olds in April.
Does the Minister believe that part of the consideration on affordable childcare will take into account the need for nurseries to be able to operate alongside the cost of living crisis?
Can additional funding be found to meet that need, not for the sake of the delivery of a promise but for the children who desperately need the care to enable their development and for the parents who simply cannot afford to do it alone?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about the increased cost pressures that everybody has to face.
That is why we gave an additional £204 million in the last financial year and a further £400 million in the current financial year to help meet those pressures, based on the fact that we surveyed 10,000 providers in order to understand exactly what they are paying for all the things he outlines.[Official Report,  30 January 2024 , Vol. 744, c. 10MC.]
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to make a statement on the declaration of a national incident in response to the recent surge in measles cases.