In which case, it would have been good to have come forward with a statement, rather than me granting an urgent question.
So, please bear that in mind before you make a comment.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you for granting the urgent question.
Crumbling school buildings, botched school budgets and now the hat trick: a childcare pledge in tatters because of Conservative bungling.
It is not Ministers, but families across the country paying the price for Tory incompetence.
How did we get here?
A litany of failures: a pledge without a plan and a Department without a grip, led by Ministers without a clue; families without the certainty of a childcare place they were promised by the Chancellor last March; and meanwhile the Department is facing a further £120 million shortfall because of yet another miscalculation.
How are they going to make up that shortfall?
Families are facing a rolling wave of Conservative chaos which wrecks all before it: for providers it is an utter fiasco, where their income after April is still a state secret.
When will providers be told about their funding rates?
How many families does the Minister estimate will now not be able to access new hours because of this shambles?
The Prime Minister’s official spokesman this morning said: “We are confident that the provision and capability is there, we are confident in the strength of the marketplace.”
But the market is telling them that their plan is simply not deliverable.
The chief executive of the Early Years Alliance said that signing up to the new system was “financial suicide” for providers.
Mr Speaker, this is not a market, it is an almighty mess and Ministers know it.
Government sources are briefing the papers that there will be “parents that just don’t get their places.”
Let me explain to Ministers in words of one syllable.
That is no good.
That will not work.
They must do more.
They need to fix it.
If providers cannot price places now, how on earth can they be expected to offer more in September?
Can Ministers guarantee to parents now that the roll-out will be delivered on time, yes or no?
It need not be this way.
Sir David Bell is leading Labour’s early years review to ensure that childcare is about life chances for children, as well as work choices for parents.
Up and down this country families are fed up with this Government, their broken promises and their incompetence.
It is time for a general election to end this Tory shambles once and for all.
I will try to pick out the questions from the bluster.
On the £120 million, this is a specific issue that affects September 2024 onwards, where we allocated to local authorities 22 weeks of funding because that is the period from September to March.
Some then said that they pay 26 weeks to their providers, so we have that money in order that they can provide 26 weeks of funding where that is what they do.
On the funding rates, we announced the funding rates for three and four-year-olds in April last year, and for two-year-olds in November.[Official Report,  30 January 2024 , Vol. 744, c. 9MC.]
Given that local authorities have to pass on 95% of the money that we give them, providers have a pretty good idea of what they will receive.
However, while the vast majority of authorities will confirm their rates in the coming weeks, a small number leave it until  31 March .
We are encouraging them not to do that, and to confirm their rates as early as possible in the same way as the others.
The hon.
Lady asked how many families would not be able to access the childcare offer as a result of those two issues.
The answer is none.
As she knows, we have increased funding rates significantly.
Neil Leitch, to whom she referred, is in our stakeholder group, and we value his input.
However, I think it will be clear to people watching these exchanges that while we get on with the biggest delivery of childcare ever, the Labour party has no plan, no policy, and no idea how to help families with childcare costs.
The expansion of childcare is extremely welcome, and I have every confidence that the Minister and the excellent team at the Department for Education will deliver this current expansion on time and that the funding will reach all the families who need it.
To be fair, however, the Minister is dealing with a system that has become remarkably complicated over the last 15 or 20 years.
Would he be interested in discussing with the Chancellor the notion of rolling up all the various funding streams that we provide for childcare, and indeed for family support, and instead of taking money from people in taxes, losing some of the administration and returning it to them in the form of mandated childcare, thus giving every family with children a generous tax break to allow them to make choices for themselves?
My right hon.
Friend has written some articles, which I have read, proposing that very idea.
We think that our present system is the best way of achieving what we want to achieve, but I am of course happy to continue my discussions with him.
Good-quality childcare is a crucial economic infrastructure issue for parents now and the education of children in the future, which is why we need it, but the system is too complex, and we cannot access it in my constituency.
Providers are collapsing.
When will the Government think about drawing up a workforce plan to try to stabilise the system before adding more and more complexity for parents?
I am not sure what the hon.
Lady means when she says that people in Bristol cannot access the system, but if she sends me the details, I shall be happy at look at them, because, I have said, tens of thousands of parents have already accessed it.
I should also point out that while there has been a fall in the number of providers, there has been an increase in the numbers of both staff and places, so we are confident that we will deliver the roll-out as planned.