My hon.
Friend is right that it is the biggest expansion of childcare provision in history.
By the time the roll-out is complete in September 2025, it will save the average family up to £6,500 a year in childcare costs.
Many of us tried to warn the Government that this would be like Help to Buy, pushing up demand without tackling supply.
Numbers matter in this sector, and it is 313 days since the policy was announced and just 70 days before it is due to be implemented.
There have been 30 separate questions in this place about the staffing shortfall, and none of them has been answered.
There are two children chasing every registered place, and only two local authorities have actually agreed the rates.
It is little wonder that parents are frustrated.
Will the Minister set out, here and now, the staffing shortfall in terms of delivering the two-year-old offer in April?
Will he tell us what it is, and will he tell us when he expects to close it?
As I have already said, the roll-out is based on— What are the numbers?
The hon.
Lady cites the figures for September 2025, not for April.
I am confident that, in April, she will see that we have the staff available for the roll-out.
I declare an interest as the father of two wonderful children, Charlotte and Persephone, who go to nursery in this very place and will benefit from the new proposals.
The UK has a declining birth rate—on average, 1.92 children per woman—and we clearly need more children.
Time and again, when surveyed, women who want more children say that they are not having more children because they cannot afford it.
I thoroughly welcome the money that has been announced, but what more is being done to support parents who say they want more children but cannot afford to have them?
That could perhaps include looking at the tax rate.
I hope Charlotte and Persephone enjoy their nursery provision here, which I am sure is among the 96% of early years providers that are good or outstanding.
My hon.
Friend is right that childcare is one of the biggest financial challenges facing families today, which is why we are pleased to save them so much money.
I am happy to continue the conversation about what else he thinks should be done to support families.
The shortfall in childcare providers is a serious issue for constituents in Putney.
Eastwood Nursery School, the last remaining state-maintained nursery in my constituency, is under immediate threat of closure.
It provides training for childcare providers across the constituency, as well as excellent early years education.
Does the Minister support state-maintained nurseries?
Will he meet me to talk about the future of Eastwood Nursery School?
We certainly support state-maintained nurseries, which play a vital role in the sector.
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss that particular case.
I praise the Minister for being on top of his brief and for ironing out some of the misunderstandings flying around today.
Is it not the case that, as others have said, the challenges of rolling out this offer sit within the broader context of the ongoing workforce challenge?
Today I spoke to a provider that has 42 settings and is not able to fully staff a single one of them.
I know the Minister is doing a lot of work on this, but will he say a little more about how he plans to meet that workforce challenge with his recruitment drive?