I recognise the shadow Secretary of State’s concern, but let me reassure him on that point.
The options available to the Government were: first, the total collapse of British Steel, which would have had an incredible cost to the Exchequer of well over £1 billion; secondly, the request from Jingye for £1.2 billion, which the Leader of the Opposition said  she did or did not agree to in some way with it going to Teesside, at very significant cost; or thirdly, as we have done so far, the provision of working capital to British Steel in order to pay wages and continue the purchase of raw materials and the operation of the business.
Of course, those costs will be incurred by the company, because they will enable it to produce and sell steel.
I will write to him with the details if he is not confident in the decision that we have made, but it was the right decision not just for the steel industry but for the taxpayer.
Wherever possible, I think we should buy British, and that obviously starts with buying British-made ceramics.
May I encourage the Department of Business and Trade to support my Ceramics (Country of Origin Marking) Bill, which would crack down on cheap imports and fakers who pass off their products as British wares?
It is important for the consumer to know that when they buy British, the goods are made here in the UK.
I am always keen to support my hon.
Friend, and I will certainly consider that legislation.
We are not a protectionist Government—we welcome open and free trade—but we believe British goods can compete on quality, and his area is a fine example of that.
Where British goods are being undercut, not by price and fair competition but by misrepresentation and fraudulent practices, we take that seriously and have taken more powers to deal with it.
I am sure that he will raise this shortly during the urgent question.
We will ensure that we give him the support he needs to pursue it.
Enersys ABSL is a space battery manufacturer based at the Culham campus in my Oxfordshire constituency.
The Minister will be aware that Culham has been designated as an AI growth zone by the Government.
It applied for an export licence last August but got an outcome only last week, which meant the contract was nearly lost to a French competitor.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the process for granting export licences, so that companies are not subject to this kind of last-minute jeopardy?
I am unfamiliar with the particular case but concerned by that description.
We inherited the export licensing system, and we are reviewing it as part of our ongoing work looking at all aspects of the Government’s work.
If the hon.
Member writes to me, I will certainly take a personal interest in the matter and write back to him.
Folkestone and Hythe has a long history as a thriving tourist destination, but in recent years, with Brexit and rising costs, things are getting harder for businesses in our coastal communities.
What steps is the Department taking to support the growth of the tourism and hospitality industry in Kent?
I know from personal experience that there are some great hospitality and tourism businesses in Kent, and we want to see them do even better in the coming months and years.
That is why we are seeking to  support the sector through initiatives such as business rates reform and the licensing taskforce, which has just started work.
It is also why the Government will launch a national visitor economy strategy this autumn, as we seek to welcome 50 million international visitors annually by 2030—and many of them, I suspect, will visit Kent.
If the Secretary of State is not going to visit Farnham, can I tempt him to visit Fountain Beauty Therapy in Hurtmore, a much-loved business in my constituency?
The owner, Clare Porter, talks about the extreme pressure caused by the Employment Rights Bill, the hike in employers’ national insurance and the withdrawal of business rates relief, leading to a crisis in the hair and beauty sector.
What measures is the Secretary of State planning to alleviate pressure on this very important sector?
I am grateful to finally get an invitation to somewhere.
We understand that there are significant pressures for many businesses, and the global situation certainly will not provide reassurance in the short term.
The measures in the Employment Rights Bill are not in effect yet and will take some time to come in.
Since the election, nearly 200,000 jobs have been created, so the labour market is holding up particularly strongly.
There are particular issues such as making sure we get probationary periods right and that zero-hours contracts are monitored in the right way, and we are working with business on that.
This month I met Berkshire Growth Hub, which works with businesses in Bracknell and beyond on everything from starting up to opportunities in AI.
How can we ensure that growth hubs work with Skills England to continue to deliver local growth in communities such as mine?
I commend my hon.
Friend for meeting with Berkshire Growth Hub.
Growth hubs play a crucial role in local economies.
We want to supplement their work with our business growth service, which is set to launch later this year, and we are working with Skills England to identify the skills shortages in particular areas.
I am happy to ensure that Skills England talks to Berkshire Growth Hub through my hon.
Friend, so that the particular skills challenges in Berkshire are understood by Skills England.
Arrangements at the border are disadvantaging companies on both sides of the channel, so there are mutual advantages to be had in negotiations without feeling the need to make any major concessions, aren’t there?
I am not entirely convinced that the previous Government are a compass by which to navigate the next set of negotiations with the European Union.
The right hon.
Gentleman is entirely right that there is a whole series of unnecessary barriers to trade between ourselves and the European Union that were put in place as a direct consequence of the failure of the negotiations led by the previous Government.
He is right to recognise that that is affecting directly a whole number of businesses on both sides of the channel.
As the Secretary of State said, there is politics on both sides of the channel, but we are working very hard for British business in that context.
Can the Minister assure the steel communities of south Wales that they will receive a substantial share of the £2.5 billion steel fund?
My hon.
Friend and several other Welsh colleagues have been talking to me about this.
We renegotiated the deal with Port Talbot and the £500 million that goes alongside that.
I had a good meeting this week with Blastr, which is looking to build an iron pellet plant at the Port Talbot site if possible, and we are trying to support that.
Of course, our focus in recent weeks has been on Scunthorpe and British Steel, but the steel fund remains.
The steel plan is still being worked on, which is very broad and hopes to lift the entire UK steel industry.
Sheen Uncovered is a clothing business in my constituency that the Secretary of State is welcome to visit any time.
It has been significantly affected by the need to pay import duty up front, thanks to the Conservatives’ terrible Brexit deal, and that duty ranges between 6% and 12% and greatly impacts its cash flow.
What are the Government doing to support businesses such as Sheen Uncovered to reduce the challenge of import costs?
I assure the hon.
Lady that we are looking at how we can improve that relationship, and she is right to recognise that a whole number of barriers were created as a consequence of choices made previously, which are causing significant challenges to businesses small, medium and large.
As the Secretary of State made clear, we cannot give a running commentary on discussions that are under way, but I assure her that the needs and concerns of British business are uppermost in our minds in those discussions.
On the day of the Government’s necessary action to save British Steel, I sent the Secretary of State a letter requesting a meeting to discuss what further we need to do for Grangemouth, where hundreds of jobs have been lost this week when Petroineos decided to cease refining operations, and where thousands of further jobs are at risk.
Will he commit to meeting me to discuss the urgent actions that we need to take to secure accelerated investment in Grangemouth’s industrial future?
I can absolutely give that assurance.
I have had meetings about this issue just this week.
We are ambitious for the just transition for Grangemouth and recognise the issues not just with the refinery but with the polyethylene cracker.
We will get to work and set that meeting up.
Many rural businesses rely on farms for their trade.
Since the Government announced the family farm tax in the Budget, CBI Economics has spoken to over 4,000 businesses and farms across the country—49% said that they have either cancelled or deferred investment, and 34% said that they have reduced or paused it altogether.
How  can the Government say that they are supporting local  businesses, and what will the Department do to support farms and rural businesses that are suffering because of the Government’s policies?
I feel that is a question for either the Treasury or the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, but the hon.
Lady made it well.
Agriculture features prominently in trade and business, and I will ensure that she gets the right opportunity to put questions about taxation to the Chancellor.
Across my constituency in recent weeks we have experienced severe delays to post in those areas served by the Huntingdon delivery office.
That follows a recent restructuring of the workforce and changes to delivery routes.
Rural communities and businesses, in particular, have been impacted, with missed hospital appointments and several businesses telling me that it is affecting their ability to receive and therefore pay invoices.
Will the Minister urgently investigate those ongoing and worsening delays in Huntingdon, and write to me with the outcome of his findings?
I had to wait 50 minutes for a question, Mr Speaker, but this is an important one
and I share the hon.
Member’s concerns.
We regularly meet Ofcom to discuss the performance of Royal Mail, and I will certainly write to him about the discussions we have in respect of his constituency.
What discussions has the Minister had with his counterpart in Northern Ireland about encouraging young people into casual hospitality employment, to teach them about the benefits of work and the importance of managing money?
I am always grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
We always seek to keep colleagues in Northern Ireland well briefed on a range of issues, particularly some of the complexities around trade that have come out of the Windsor agreement and need to be managed carefully.
I do not think I have had a specific conversation about the matter he raises, but this is a good opportunity to say that I think I should, and I will.
I am grateful to him for getting that on the record.
Will the Secretary of State be straightforward with the House today about how much taxpayers’ money has been spent so far on British Steel?
The amount of working capital provided to British Steel to date stands at £94 million, which is considerably less than if we had given a large amount of money to Jingye, or if we had had to deal with the complete loss of the entire British Steel site and business.
Modelling by the Scottish Government has shown that Brexit-made barriers are likely to have reduced Scottish exports by £3 billion, compared with continued EU membership.
Greater co-operation and a closer relationship with the EU will always be encouraged by SNP Members, but does the Secretary of State recognise that anything short of full single market and customs union membership continues to damage Scotland’s economy?
In substantive terms, the hon.
Gentleman’s point is important: we should be looking to reduce unnecessary barriers to trade between the United Kingdom and our friends, neighbours and partners in the European Union.
However, on a political level, it is worth recognising that, had Scotland voted in 2014 to leave the United Kingdom, it would also have left the European Union.
There is a certain irony in being told that a politics of flags, borders and manufactured grievances are wrong in one context, when his party continues to argue for them in another.
According to reports in The Guardian, Government sources have said that issues around visas have been resolved as part of the Government’s free trade agreement negotiations with India.
Will the Secretary of State rule out visa liberalisation as part of those negotiations?
We should always be careful about what we read in some newspapers.
[Laughter.]
The hon.
Gentleman knows that we cannot give a running commentary on trade negotiations, but the UK-India talks have been fruitful this week.
I am optimistic and excited for the future of what is a key relationship bilaterally and for the signal it can send to the rest of the world.
(Urgent Question):
To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the Government’s approach to reducing energy prices for energy-intensive industries.
I relay my thoughts to the workers in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, for whom I know this is a worrying time.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the issue.
He is a tireless champion for workers and businesses in his constituency.
We have spoken and will continue to speak regularly about these issues and the importance of the ceramics industry in his area in particular.
This Government recognise the challenges high energy prices pose to UK businesses.
We know that the ceramics sector is particularly affected; my hon.
Friend has raised the issue in Parliament on other occasions.
The Government are working closely with Ceramics UK and local Stoke MPs to work out how we can support the sector.
For energy-intensive industries overall, our clean power 2030 target is the key to long-term sustainable price reductions.
Clean home-grown energy is the best way to protect bill payers and boost Britain’s energy independence.
We are already bringing energy costs for UK industries closer into line with other major economies through the British industry supercharger.
That will fully exempt eligible firms, including some but by no means all of those in the ceramics sector, from certain costs linked to renewable energy policies, particularly those exposed to the high cost of electricity.
Using more electricity and less fossil fuel is the future for UK businesses.
The latest advice from the Climate Change Committee expects electricity to meet 61% of industrial energy demand by 2040, so we are developing options to enable businesses to do that.
We are already taking action.
When my hon.
Friend raised this important issue in a Westminster Hall debate in March, I noted: “We are working on how to remove undeveloped, speculative programmes from the grid connection queue and prioritise others.”—[Official
Report,  4 March 2025 ; Vol. 763, c. 109WH.]
Just last month, we announced pro-growth reforms to help unlock £40 million of mainly private investment a year in clean energy and infrastructure, so that so-called “zombie projects” will no longer hold up the queue for connection to the electricity grid.
We recognise that we need to support a range of energy-intensive industries, including industries such as ceramics, that are essential to our UK economy and our missions, for example to build the 1.5 million homes and the clean energy infrastructure products in which this Government are already investing.
Following years of economic chaos and instability under the previous Administration, this Government are implementing a modern industrial strategy that will drive growth and the creation of good high-quality jobs in communities across the UK.
I look forward to continuing to work with my hon.
Friend and other hon.
Members from across the House.
We are meeting next Wednesday and I hope to be able to progress things further at that stage.