The Government are far from supporting small businesses to export.
Businesses of every size, up and down the country, are failing at a rate not seen since the 2008 financial crash, when Labour was last in power.
Confidence is slumping, family businesses are closing, millionaires are fleeing the country—and that is before tariffs hit.
What representations is the Minister making to the Chancellor about reversing some of the measures that hit business in her Hallowe’en Budget?
I had thought that one of the first contributions from the Opposition Front Benchers today would be to celebrate the £1 billion investment by IKEA in the UK.
It is opening its flagship store on Oxford Street today, and committing to a range of investments in other towns and cities across the UK.
When the hon.
Lady was on the Treasury Committee, I do not know whether she looked at the cuts the previous Government made to help for small businesses in getting their goods into new markets.
We are taking active steps to increase the opportunities for small businesses in overseas markets.
What steps his Department is taking to negotiate trade agreements with the UK’s main trading partners.
I announced in July that we were resuming free trade agreement negotiations with the Gulf Co-operation Council, India, Israel, the Republic of Korea, Switzerland and Türkiye.
We have also begun talks with the United States on an economic prosperity deal, and we support the Cabinet Office with trade aspects of the EU reset.
Given the utter unreliability and, frankly, economic illiteracy of President Trump, and given that the EU is by far our largest trading partner, it is clear that the best interests of the UK are served by our having a deal that allows the closest possible co-ordination with the EU.
Does the Minister agree with me that that should cover youth mobility, and improved energy and climate co-operation?
Specifically, will he work with his colleagues to ensure that we ease burdens for British business by linking the UK and EU emissions trading schemes, and by aligning on chemicals regulation, to boost British productivity and prosperity?
I think that was a few questions, but we seem to have time for them today, so I welcome all of them.
First of all, I recognise exactly what the hon.
Lady says.
When it comes to the importance of the EU as a principal trading partner for this country, the figures speak for themselves.
I disagree with her about us having to choose between the US and the EU, or any other markets.
I believe that the UK can be well positioned for all markets.
There will be strong political views in this place about political leaders in a range of  countries, but I would just say to her that when it comes to the United States, there are potentially thousands of jobs at stake.
That is why we are pursuing a trade and economic prosperity deal with the US, and I think we cannot get away from that.
On the questions relating to the EU, a successful negotiation takes two parties.
I want to see greater co-operation.
I would not talk about the specifics of any part of the negotiations, but I would not want the kind of barrier that she identified to be in place.
I want the UK to have the best and most frictionless trade possible with the EU, in a way that is consistent with our aspirations and obligations with the rest of the world, but she has made her point very well, and I recognise it.
I declare an interest as the trade envoy to New Zealand.
What conversations has the Secretary of State had recently with his New Zealand counterparts on the implementation of the UK-New Zealand free trade agreement?
First, let me thank my hon.
Friend for all her work as our trade envoy to New Zealand.
She knows, because she was present, that on his visit to the UK, New Zealand Prime Minister Luxon spent the day with the Prime Minister, and I was able to spend considerable time with him in the afternoon.
We discussed the implementation of the UK-New Zealand FTA, as well as the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, and the importance of working together to support free trade and to protect a rules-based trading system.
We are working to ensure that businesses are using the FTA to support the Government’s growth agenda and the plan for change.
Later this month, we will host the UK-New Zealand FTA joint committee, which will discuss continuing to grow UK and New Zealand trade.