The Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, which is about to start its Committee stage in the House, may sound a little dry, but it would give the Secretary of State unfettered power to sign up to dynamic alignment with the European Union at the 19th summit.
Given that voters are going to the polls today, will the Minister take the opportunity at the Dispatch Box to rule out the UK becoming an EU rule-taker?
I am slightly worried that the question adds two and two and gets about 97.
The Bill recognises that we have to find a way forward on standards with the European Union, but to try to overlay what is, as the shadow Minister says, a necessary and somewhat dry technical piece of legislation with the policy agenda that she alludes to is simply wrong.
What steps he is taking to include the chemicals sector within the industrial strategy.
The industrial strategy has identified eight key growth-driving sectors that will be the arrowhead of our economic success, but of course they cannot succeed without the critical supply chains and foundational industries that underpin them.
We are looking at all those foundational industries, including the chemicals industry, to see what the barriers to growth are, what challenges they face, and how can we overcome them through our strategy.
I very much welcome the Minister’s recognition of the chemicals sector’s contribution as a foundational sector and an anchor employer in constituencies such as mine; we have the Dow site there.
What can we do to support the deeply integrated supply chains across the UK and Europe that the chemicals sector, and Dow in particular, relies on?
I do not want to underestimate the challenges that the chemical sector faces.
Between 2021 and 2024, UK chemicals manufacturing fell in real terms by about a third.
We are working to improve the UK’s trade and investment relationship with the EU.
We want to build exports and investment opportunities and reduce barriers to trade.
Conversations are at an early stage, so I will not go into specifics, but we are certainly working to help the chemicals industry.
What assessment has the Minister made of the benefits that inclusion of the chemicals sector among the eight sectors could bring for our national security and our pharmaceutical sector?
How can all regions of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland benefit from this sector?
When we look at the eight sectors that we are trying to turbocharge through the industrial strategy, we see that the chemicals sector underpins so many other sectors.
We need to make sure that we protect it.
As I have just said, chemicals manufacturing has fallen by nearly a third over the past three years; we need to turn that around.
We are looking at what we can do to break down barriers and make improvements—for example, on the cost of energy.
That is part of the mix when it comes to making sure that we are secure in the future.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality industry.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality industry.
Hospitality businesses are vital to our communities and to economic growth in  the UK, which is why we plan to introduce permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties with rateable values of less than £500,000.
In addition, we recently held our first licensing taskforce meeting, which aims to reduce red tape for the sector.
Next Thursday, on VE Day, pubs and bars across the country will be able to stay open until late to enable everyone to celebrate all those who served during the second world war.
Pubs and the hospitality industry are by their very nature seasonal businesses and rely heavily on flexible working patterns.
I saw this at first hand when being served by many younger staff on my recent pub tour of the constituency.
Why is the Minister, through the powers in the Employment Rights Bill, seeking to end the flexible contracts that benefit these young people, which will end up causing pubs to have to close?
I gently remind the hon.
Gentleman of the dismal record of the Conservatives when it came to support for the hospitality sector; 10,000 pubs closed between 2010 and 2024.
The Employment Rights Bill will not have the effect that he describes.
The Bill will help to put money into people’s pockets, which is exactly what we need to do to help the hospitality industry going forward.
In my constituency, 115 pubs and five breweries contribute £40 million to the local economy and support 1,500 jobs.
As highlighted by the British Beer and Pub Association, the sector faces a disproportionate business rates burden, with pubs paying a higher share relative to their turnover, so will the Government commit to increasing the upper threshold of small business rate relief in order that these iconic British institutions continue to thrive?
I certainly take the hon.
Member’s broader point about the significance of business rates to the hospitality sector, particularly pubs.
I have heard strong representations from the industry about the need for business rates reform.
The hon.
Member will be delighted that this Government have instigated significant business rates reform, which previous Governments over the last 14 years did not do, including a permanently lower rate for retail, hospitality and leisure.
Residents in Buchlyvie in my constituency are losing their only pub, which is being turned into holiday lets.
This comes despite the objections of local residents and Stirling council’s planning panel refusing the change-of-use application.
The Scottish Government’s planning reporter has stepped in and made what many local people think is a short-sighted decision.
Does the Minister agree that local village pubs, like libraries and community centres, are vital to local wellbeing and cohesion and that we should do all we can to help them thrive as key parts of our local economies and social infrastructure?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend about the significance of pubs across the UK, particularly in rural communities such as those he represents.
It is one reason why we are in the final throes of agreeing extra funding for the great organisation Pub is  the Hub, which supports pubs in rural areas to adapt to changing needs and enables them to continue to be the vital social hubs that they are in communities.
I hope that the Scottish Government will have heard my hon.
Friend’s comments and will recognise the need to follow the UK Government’s line and instigate significant business rates reform.
Certainly, they need to look at provision on business rates relief, which is not as generous in Scotland, thanks to their decisions, as here in the UK, thanks to the generosity of our Chancellor.