May I please ask the Leader of the House to outline the forthcoming business?
I shall, and that was beautifully delivered.
The business of the House for the week commencing  5 May  will include: Tuesday 6
May —General debate on the 80th anniversary of victory in Europe and victory over Japan.
Wednesday 7
May —Remaining stages of the Data (Use and Access) Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 8 May —General debate on St George’s day and English affairs, followed by a debate on a motion on the research and treatment of brain tumours.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 9 May —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  12 May  will include: Monday 12 May —Remaining stages of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.
Tuesday 13
May —Opposition day (7th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the Leader of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 14
May —Consideration of Lords message on the Great British Energy Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords amendments.
Thursday 15 May —General debate on solar farms, followed by a general debate on the long-term funding of youth services.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 16
May —Private Members’ Bills.
I am delighted that the Leader of the House has given time for a general debate on VE Day.
It is vital that we remember the sacrifice that each and every one of our communities made through the loss of servicemen for the liberties won for each and every one of us.
We will never forget them.
If I may, I want to pay tribute to the parliamentary security and policing teams.
On Monday evening a friend and I, while on the Terrace, saw a man enter the water outside from Westminster bridge.
We ran to report it to a police officer, who took us very seriously and immediately reported it in.
Five minutes later, emergency services located the person and evacuated them.
I thank the emergency services and that police officer, whose name I did not get, for acting in a timely way.
We wish the affected person well, as he was taken to hospital.
I am grateful to the Leader of the House for outlining the forthcoming business.
She will, I know, be looking forward to the FA cup final on  17 May  and will be cheering Manchester City on to victory against Crystal Palace almost as loudly as she heckles Opposition politicians here.
I look forward to my team, Southampton, meeting her team later on that month, although from our record I am not sure it will go too well.
On the subject of own goals, I am sure Members on both sides of the House will be looking on with some confusion at the chaos in the Government’s ranks following the former Prime Minister Tony Blair’s suggestion that the Government’s plan to phase out fossil fuels in the short term are doomed to fail.
That election-winning machine, at whose name many on the Labour Benches now groan at the simple mention of, has spoken sense.
Of course, it can be frustrating when former leaders weigh in on debates with contrary views to the parties they once led.
Believe me, I know how the Leader of the House and the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero feel—we have had more than our fair share—but the Government know that the former Prime Minister has a point.
We know that the Government are dreading the local elections today, the first real test of their performance in the nine months since they took power.
What will we see?
An ideological kamikaze dive towards net zero carbon emissions that tonight will deliver gains of net zero seats.
I pay tribute to candidates of all parties who have taken the step to put their heads above the parapet and who are willing to charge into the political fray.
Without them, our democracy would wither.
Of course, I would like to wish those standing as Conservative candidates all the best, and I hope the House will understand why I have done that.
As voters go to the polls, they will be asking themselves what sort of council they want to represent them and provide vital public services for them and their families.
Do they want the high-tax, highly bureaucratic, debt-laden local authorities of Labour, or do they want efficient, effective and accountable local guardians, which they have under the Conservatives?
Let us not forget that Conservative councils deliver better services with lower council taxes.
We do not have to look any further than Labour-controlled Birmingham, where bin bags have piled up on the streets, to get an idea of the monumental failures of this Labour Government so far.
That is to say nothing of the rats, which not only represent a terrible health and safety threat to residents but terrorise the neighbourhoods they infest.
They will not be jumping from any sinking ships, but the Government’s past voters certainly are.
Why is the Government’s ship sinking?
We need only look over at the Labour Benches to see who is to blame.
After nine months of Labour Government, the promise of change has ended up in the over-filling bins of the council they control.
I will not argue that there have been some changes.
The Prime Minister has changed his donor-funded Armani suits many times, while the pensioners that they have made poorer buy their clothes from the charity shops that this Government are taxing to the hilt.
Talking of donors, a Labour donor is now becoming the independent football regulator.
What a bargain for half a million pounds.
Most important are not the changes the Government have made, but the fact that the public have changed their minds about Labour —and how can we blame them?
The Office for Budget Responsibility has halved its estimate for growth this year.
With the Government’s continued campaign against the elderly, farmers, the self-employed and small business owners, it is no wonder that the Government are so unpopular.
They have run out of people to target.
There is a saying that actions  have consequences.
Can the Leader of the House find time to schedule a debate to discuss the consequences of her Government’s economic failures and the woeful actions of their Chancellor?
Growth is at all-time low.
Taxes and debt are at an all-time high.
Businesses and charities are alarmed at how they will keep going.
Can we have a debate on that mission for growth and how it is going?
I suspect the answer will be no.
I want to raise one final topic with the Leader of the House, which I and other colleagues have touched on previously: the long timeframes and poor-quality responses to written correspondence and written questions from Members.
As I am sure all Members and the Leader of the House will agree, it is vital that we, as parliamentarians, are able to make representations to the Government and receive responses to our queries in a timely manner, with a reply that takes full account of the questions made.
Too many times now, Members have had to raise in this Chamber the response times, or lack of response to their constituency inquiries.
The number of written questions being answered by this Government is down, and I have to say that the quality of response is deteriorating.
I do hope she will take this up with her Cabinet colleagues.
As we go away for our bank holiday, I wish the Leader of the House and all Members a restful weekend, with a chance to spend time with loved ones and, perhaps, put a call in to their Chief Whip.
We will return on Tuesday, when we will continue to hold this Government to account for the people of this great country.
I join the shadow Minister in thanking the police and security services of the House for the work they do day in, day out, and particularly in the case he has raised.
I take this opportunity to thank the King for all the work he is doing for those living with cancer; his openness about his own condition really does bring huge comfort to those living with theirs.
I also take this opportunity to welcome progress on the minerals agreement between the US and Ukraine that was achieved overnight and the wider partnership.
The support of the Government and of the whole House remains unwaveringly with those in Ukraine, and that will continue.
I join the shadow Minister in thanking all candidates standing in the local elections today, and I thank him for wishing Man City all the success I hope it will get in the forthcoming FA cup final, and against Southampton.
It is really good to see the shadow Minister in his elevated place today, reaching the heady heights of business questions this morning.
I am sure he will agree that this is the pinnacle of his career so far.
As you can see, Mr Speaker, he has really drawn in the crowds.
I am only joking; the attendance is no reflection on him.
His journey to this point has been—how shall I put it?—one of dogged and determined pursuit.
He was a councillor, I believe, when he was very young, at just 20, and has been a special adviser.
Before coming here, he stood in a number of seats; in fact, in his relatively short parliamentary career, he has already been the MP for two different constituencies.
In all seriousness, I have a great deal of time for the hon.
Gentleman, who is a formidable and notable representative of his party.
It might be a bit of a low bar right now, but he is well above it.
He really is a rising star of the party— Waning!
He is a very popular Member of this House.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] There we are.
The shadow Minister raises a matter that is very important to me: timely and full responses to written parliamentary questions and correspondence.
I take this matter incredibly seriously and will continue, as always, to raise it with Cabinet Ministers, collectively and individually, when they fall short.
The shadow Minister also raises the issue of net zero.
I am sorry, given his glittering career, that he felt the need to read out from the latest Whips’ crib sheet on net zero.
The blinkered vision that the Conservatives have shown on the opportunity of net zero and the transition that we need to make is why they did so little in their time in office.
Let us look at what is actually happening.
The North sea basin is diminishing; it is a finite resource.
That is why the workforce in the North sea has fallen by a third over the past 10 years.
There is a global race for the new technologies of the future, and we are now in that race—something the Conservatives failed to do for many years.
We are making sure that the North sea has the opportunities of the future, and there are some great opportunities.
That is why we are setting up Great British Energy in Aberdeen and why we have announced £22 billion for carbon capture, which will be critical to the future of the North sea basin.
It is also why we are looking to reindustrialise the future with things like hydrogen, nuclear and other energies.
The shadow Minister mentions the former leader of the Labour party, but he might want to look at what some of his own party’s former leaders have said in recent years.
I thought Theresa May spoke very wisely last autumn, just as the Conservatives were performing a complete volte-face over net zero, when she said: “When the sceptics say that the green transition will cripple business, we say they could not be more wrong…When the critics say transitioning to renewables costs too much, we say it’s wrong to see it as a cost.
It’s an enormous investment opportunity”.
She was right, wasn’t she?
He knows she was.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about the local elections, I am sure that we can have an exchange of statistics, but the one that I will leave him with is that council tax bills for people living in Labour councils are, on average, £300 lower than elsewhere.
That is the one thing that people should be thinking about today of all days.
I do not want to be too harsh on the hon.
Gentleman, because I am fond of him.
Having said that, we are now six months on from the Leader of the Opposition taking up her position.
Today will be her first major electoral test, and I wonder how the Conservatives think things are really going, because they have been veering from one side of the road to the other.
They have been taking just about every position possible.
Even on Monday, they voted against their own Football Governance Bill.
They actually wrote it, and their poor, mortified shadow Secretary of State, who had previously called it an excellent Bill, had to put up the best act that I have seen in a long time of speaking against it from the Dispatch Box.
The leadership of the Leader of the Opposition is being backseat driven by the shadow Justice Secretary, who is on constant manoeuvres.
He is no doubt spending the day on the phones—not to the electors, but to his  future backers.
He has promised this electoral pact with Reform, but the truth is that the two parties are indistinguishable at the moment.
I cannot tell the difference between the once great Conservative party and the Reform party, because we all know that voting Tory today means voting Reform and that voting Reform today means voting Tory.
Bagpipe music is undisputedly the finest instrumental music around.
Earlier this month, the 37-strong Falkirk schools pipe band, accompanied by 30 dancers from the Denny high school’s dance academy, participated in the Tartan Day parade in New York, commendably representing Scotland and Falkirk district.
Starting less than three years ago, they have quickly developed into the pride of the town and the district.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating these immense young people and the community, parents and educators who made their immense performance in New York earlier this month possible?
I am delighted to hear about the bagpipe musicians from my hon.
Friend’s constituency going to New York.
That sounds like a really fantastic visit.
I thank him for raising it here and join him in congratulating them on their endeavours.