Grangemouth, the Luton Vauxhall plant and now the Moorcroft pottery in Stoke-on-Trent—every single week, we hear of more job losses in energy-intensive industries and more British companies shutting up shop and laying off workers because of the toxic combination of high energy costs and this Chancellor’s devastating jobs tax.
We have the highest industrial electricity prices in the developed world.
Just this week, INEOS told us in no uncertain terms that carbon taxes and high energy costs are killing off manufacturing in the UK.
This Government have been warned by Opposition Members, by the GMB this week and by Unite.
This week, they were warned by none other than Tony Blair.
What was their response?
Advisers in No. 10 Downing Street picked up the phone and begged him to row back on what he said.
They asked him to row back on what we all know to be true—what the Minister, Morgan McSweeney, apparently, and an increasing number of the Government’s own Back Benchers know to be true: the current approach to energy and net zero is doomed to fail, and voters are being asked to make financial sacrifices when they know that the impact on global emissions is minimal.
That is at the heart of this madness.
This Government are wilfully destroying British industry in oil and gas, ceramics, chemicals and metals when they know that it will not make a difference to global emissions.
We will not use any less oil and gas; neither will we use any less steel, cement, bricks or chemicals.
We will just import those things from abroad, at greater cost to our economy and the climate and with British job losses added to the bargain.
As the Government are led by an ideological zealot, the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, and by a Prime Minister too weak to rein him in, we will continue down this path, and British workers will pay the price—in Aberdeen, in Grangemouth, in Luton, and today in Stoke.
Energy is not a silo; energy costs underpin growth, prosperity, competitiveness and living standards.
Without cheap energy, our industries will not survive—British manufacturers cannot remain competitive—so what will the Minister do to prevent more British jobs being lost in energy-intensive industries in this country?
Will she listen to the head of Unite, who says that working-class people are losing their jobs and that this Government have no plan to replace them?
Will the Government end their mad ideological plan to shut down North sea operations?
What will it take for Labour Back Benchers to wake up and realise that this ideological approach is crippling this country?
The Conservative party is hiding behind this new-found scepticism of net zero to conceal its complete failure to support and grow our foundational  and manufacturing industries on its watch.
On its watch, we lost 70,000 jobs in the North sea and 1,250 jobs in the ceramics sector, chemicals manufacturing fell by 30%, and we produced only 30% of the steel that we use in this country.
The Conservative party’s record on this issue is shameful.
This Government have a completely different approach.
We are developing the industrial strategy, which will support those foundational industries.
We are looking to make sure we can reach net zero by 2030, in order to provide the economic and energy security we need.
The last cost of living crisis was caused by our reliance on global gas prices, as  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  knows, and as he occasionally says in some meetings when he flips and flops on his position on net zero.
We will support manufacturing; we are developing our industrial strategy, which will be published in a few weeks’ time, and we are already providing more support to the energy-intensive industries through the energy supercharger than the previous Government did.
We will act where the previous Government failed to act.