The Secretary of State in DEFRA recently appointed Baroness Batters to lead a profitability review in farming and has set up a farm profitability unit in the Department.
Those are welcome and necessary steps, but it is not entirely unknown for the efforts of  one Government Department to undermine those of another, so before the Secretary of State signs any trade deal with America, will he check in with DEFRA and run the rule over what it is doing on farm incomes so that he does not undermine its efforts?
We will all struggle to believe that at times different Departments could be better co-ordinated —I cannot recognise that at all!
I absolutely agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
The moves to look at the business models around farming and profitability are welcome, and I think colleagues on both sides of the House would support that.
On matters of trade, DEFRA and its Secretary of State are closely involved with those conversations.
Perhaps in the past the community has not always felt this, but in some of the ongoing trade negotiations that we are progressing there are real export opportunities for UK agriculture.
Its quality and the premium and brand associated with that is a market that is growing around the world.
Part of our discussions in a range of different trade negotiations is about ensuring that there are more opportunities in future, but I promise the right hon.
Gentleman that the overall efforts of Government in the sector are co-ordinated, and that is ongoing.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase exports to the EU.
Three of our five largest trading partners are in the European Union.
Indeed, 46% of UK trade is with our friends, neighbours and partners in the EU.
The Department for Business and Trade, along with other Departments across Government— I hope in a co-ordinated way—have been contributing to the resetting of our relationship with the EU, and is fully engaged ahead of the first UK-EU summit scheduled to take place on  19 May .
Among the broad spectrum of policy areas, we aim to make progress on tackling barriers to trade and securing outcomes that will help more businesses across the UK export to our European neighbours.
This is a moment for Britain to show that it is serious about forging a renewed and reinvigorated relationship with the EU, which is still our largest trading partner.
If the forthcoming summit ends up as another in a long line of missed opportunities, there is a real danger that Brussels will just move on to other priorities.
What concrete measures can businesses expect to come out of the summit to cut red tape and the barriers holding back British growth and prosperity?
I would be inclined to wait for the summit before declaiming it as a disaster—I think, in the trade, that is called prebuttal.
However, the hon.
Gentleman’s point about the seriousness of the summit is a fair one, and I recognise it.
When I saw those images of the Prime Minister sitting with President Trump in the Oval Office, or indeed with President Macron or President von der Leyen of the European Commission, I felt a genuine sense of relief that we have a serious  Prime Minister for these serious times.
That serious Prime Minister is intent on, first, rebuilding personal relationships across Europe and, secondly, looking to identify the areas that are transparently win-win between ourselves and our friends, neighbours and partners in the European Union.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that there is an ambitious agenda for the summit on the 19th.