Why is it better, according to the Government, to import gas from Norway instead of developing our own North sea gas fields?
The North sea fields are a declining basin.
We lost 70,000 jobs under the previous Government.
Something like only one in 10 of the licences that have been approved over recent years have actually amounted to anything, because of the difficulties of a declining basin.
The impact on prices of a very small amount of the global mix coming from the North sea would be zero.
It would not change a penny in the costs we would pay.
When the previous Government looked at supporting energy-intensive industries, they included within the definition brewers, cider makers and wine makers, but not distillers, despite the fact that distillers use 17 kW per hour to make a litre of alcohol, compared with  brewers which use just 0.5 kW per hour.
As the Government consider what they will have to do to support energy-intensive industries such as distilling, will the Minister consider that the Scotch whisky industry in particular is critical to the maintenance of economic activity and good- quality jobs in some of the most remote and economically fragile communities in this country?
We are obviously keen to do what we can to support the Scottish whisky industry.
I have been to see it and understand how important it is.
The definitions of energy-intensive industries were developed under the previous Government, and we have no immediate plans to change those, but I will take away the right hon.
Gentleman’s point and look into it.
On net zero, I think there is a national consensus on making the environment better, creating green jobs and improving energy security, but will the Minister recognise that for many people, consumers and companies out there—particularly small businesses, by the way; it is not all about large ones—there is too much happening, too soon and too fast?
Rather than having regressive and punitive taxes on industry and small businesses, there should be more education and more incentives to change consumer and company behaviour.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a perfectly reasonable point.
We have a national consensus that we need to act, and I think the population are with us on that.
They understand that we need to make sure we have a planet for our children and our grandchildren and that we need to do everything we can.
As was said this week, we want to tread lightly on people’s lives, and of course we do not want to inflict regressive and punitive taxation.
We want to make sure we are supporting industry and business, and we are looking at how we can help to incentivise the changes that we need to see.
Despite Scotland’s growing abundance of potentially cheap renewable energy, businesses in Scotland’s energy sector are dealt a double blow, whereby energy-intensive businesses in the renewables supply chain are hammered by high energy costs in production and extortionate transmission charges.
When the Minister looks at this problem, as her colleague told me he would the other day, will she bear in mind that this is entirely linked to the high cost of producing energy and all the other ways in which the current energy market model serves Scotland poorly?
I think it was probably the Minister for Energy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , who gave that assurance to the hon.
Gentleman, and he is looking at all these issues.
We have a very complex energy system.
We are trying to make it as cost-effective as we can, and sustainable in the long term, to give us the energy security that we all need.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will continue to look at these issues.
A vital ingredient of any net zero policy is an understanding of the word “net”.
Ultimately, we are going to have to grapple with technology that we have had for over a century to remove carbon directly from the air, aren’t we?
We are happy to look at a range of options.
The whole point of the clean energy plan is that we are using a very diverse range of interventions, some of which are more high-tech and for the future, and some of which are well established.
We need that mix.
Given the huge economic and environmental effects of burning fossil fuels, it is clear that the future of energy has to be clean, green, cheap renewables, plus energy efficiency.
All of us who care about fact-based, truth-based politics should call out the outrageous misinformation from those who suggest that net zero is the reason for high energy prices, when it clearly is not.
Gas prices have gone through the roof in recent years, and we all know why: because of Putin’s outrageous invasion of Ukraine.
That is why companies and businesses are struggling.
There are two specific things that the Government can and should do to help precisely those businesses: first, decouple the price of electricity from gas so that the true costs of generating electricity are reflected in the price that consumers pay; and secondly, implement a carbon tax in order to be able to use those revenues to assist industries to make the just transition from fossil fuels to the clean, green, cheap energies of the future.
The hon.
Lady is right to point out that there is a lot of misinformation in this space, and it is often used by the Conservatives to hide their own failings in government.
Of course, the energy price hike that we had was partly because the previous Government had not delivered the security that we needed in our home-grown energy supply and storage.
We are looking at all options to make sure that we have the right systems in place going forward.
We already have the emissions trading scheme, and we are looking at where that goes in future years.
She is right to point out that we need to look at all these things.
The pretence is that Britain is somehow caught in a storm- tossed sea of international gas prices, which drives up energy costs, but when INEOS reports that it is paying £127 million a year in carbon taxes, rising to £2 billion by 2030, is it not the case that we are seeing the cascade of jobs losses because Labour has made decarbonisation deindustrialisation?
I think the hon.
Gentleman knows that his own party are the experts on deindustrialisation, which we saw significantly across all parts of our manufacturing sector, including at INEOS.
I regularly meet INEOS, as do the Secretary of State and other colleagues, and we are looking at what we can do to support the sector.
It faces a lot of challenges, and we are looking to try to resolve them.
My constituents in Edinburgh West, like many others across Scotland and the UK, depend on energy-intensive industries for their livelihoods: defence, whisky and Grangemouth.
How can the Minister reassure people who are already suffering because of high domestic energy prices that the situation will not be made worse by losing jobs in those industries?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise these challenges, which we are trying to grapple with.
We are looking at how we can provide support on energy prices and other aspects for energy-intensive industries.
Of course, the energy-intensive industries that qualify for the supercharger are getting significantly increased support from April, which will be helpful, but we recognise that that does not go far enough, and we need to do more.
Talking of experts in deindustrialisation, over 1,000 jobs at Luton’s Stellantis plant have been lost, impacting my constituents, because this Government did not respond to concerns about energy policy.
If the Minister does not agree with us on net zero, does she agree with the general secretary of the GMB, who says that the Government’s energy policies amount to “exporting jobs and importing virtue”?
I have met and talked with those from Stellantis many times, and while the closure of the site at Luton was of course very difficult, I know that the reasons were global and complex; it is simply not the case that it was because of energy policy.
Stellantis faced a whole range of issues globally, and it had to respond in the way it did.
We regret that, and we offered support, but we could not get to a point where we could persuade it to stay.
We are working with the MPs and the local council to ensure that what comes afterwards provides good, decent jobs, but the hon.
Member is just wrong to say that that was the only reason.