We have been constantly promised jam tomorrow, by the last Government as well as this one—well, jam is no good if you are dead, and the ceramics sector in Stoke-on-Trent is on life support.
We are at a point where good manufacturing jobs done by proud people are falling away every month.
This is not new: it started in 2019, with the closure of Dudson, and continued with the closure of Wade in 2022, Johnson Tiles in 2023 and Royal Stafford and now Moorcroft in 2025.
The energy-intensive industries in this country are pivotal to manufacturing.
If we see them fall away, manufacturing in this country will fall away.
I ask the Minister three very simple questions.
Will she look at a wholesale change to the way in which we do subsidies and energy prices for energy-intensive industry in the short term, before GB Energy comes online?
As well meaning as GB Energy is, it is too far away to help.
Will she rule out specifically moving any policy costs on to gas costs?
Gas is the big cost for the ceramics sector; electricity is a small proportion of what we do.
Will she take the opportunity to make a clear commitment at the Dispatch Box, as the Secretary of State for Business and Trade just did when he talked about a sector falling on its knees?
Ceramics is there.
We do not need the same level of investment that steel does; we need a tiny fraction of it.
Can we have it, and can we have it soon?
If we have to come back here in six weeks, there will be no sector left to defend.
I agree with my hon.
Friend and recognise the challenge.
We lost 1,250 jobs in the ceramics sector between 2015 and 2023.
It has been a very sad decline, and we want to turn that around.
The whole point of an industrial strategy is to have a Government who are proactive in supporting our industries.
We will not put extra cost on the ceramics industry; we are looking to see how we can help and support.
My hon.
Friend has my word on that.
We are working on every single one of the suggested policy reforms in the package that Ceramics UK has put forward, and we will meet him next week to talk about these things.
I cannot make promises at the Dispatch Box on areas that are not my responsibility and rule out whole swathes of policy, but I assure my hon.
Friend that we will not put extra costs on the ceramics industry.
We are looking to do more and to support, and we will come back.
I completely understand his point about the timing and the need to act quickly.