Today the Select Committee writes to the Secretary of State to supply our response to his consultation on how we should respond to American tariffs.
We have heard widespread consensus that there should not be retaliatory tariffs and that the approach the Government are pursuing is right, but we have also heard real concerns especially in the automotive industry among those big exporters to America and, crucially, their supply chains.
Can the Secretary of State reassure the House that he is readying support packages across Government to ensure that our automotive sector does not run into serious trouble if we cannot get a deal with America soon?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I always welcome communications from the Select Committee and the constructive and helpful role it plays in all these important matters.
He is right to say that the business community in the UK strongly backs the Government’s calm and level-headed approach to these difficult issues.
The automotive sector is one of our major priorities.
It is the sector that has the most exports because of the brilliant success we have with automotive exports to the US.
It remains an absolute priority for us in any negotiation to secure what we need, which is the continuation of access to US markets in a way that is complementary to the US and that meets the ambitions of US consumers.
Frankly, I do not see any argument for making that relationship more difficult through the long-term imposition of tariffs.
We are closely engaged in a number of important meetings this week with senior automotive leaders, and we will continue to prepare that, working to keep the Select Committee involved.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
When we took office, years of Conservative neglect had left our steel industry on the brink, but while others were willing to let the heart of British industry go cold, we were not.
I welcome the recent conversion of Opposition colleagues to an active industrial policy, but make no mistake: while others may talk tough, only Labour can be trusted to act in the interests of British workers.
When the future of British Steel was on the line, we took immediate action.
I can report to the House that thanks to our intervention we have secured the raw materials to keep Scunthorpe’s blast furnaces lit, and British Steel has cancelled the redundancy consultation, which put 2,700 jobs at risk.
It was an honour to visit Scunthorpe and Immingham port recently to meet British Steel workers, and I am enormously grateful to them for their resilience, determination and hard work during a turbulent time.
There is still much to be done to protect and rebuild our steel industry as a whole after a decade of failure, and that is why we are committed to a £2.5 billion clean steel fund and to work with industry on our steel strategy.
We have always said that steel has a bright future in this country, and our actions over the past month have shown that we meant it.
To bring the Secretary of State to Hampshire and Surrey, there are major regeneration schemes under way in my constituency at Farnham, in Brightwells, and the new town centre in Bordon.
Both will ultimately depend on attracting physical businesses, be it retail, hospitality or otherwise, for their long-term success.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Government should actively support prospective businesses in those areas, and does he not recognise that new taxes such as the national insurance contribution increases that his Government have imposed on businesses will cause businesses in my constituency to falter before they have even taken off?