The Government need to deliver measures that will cut red tape for businesses in Wokingham and across the country who want to sell their goods to our largest trading partner, the European Union.
Since Brexit, over 2 billion pieces of paperwork have been added to UK exporters—enough paper to wrap around the world nearly 15 times.
Does the Minister recognise the scale of that figure?
How will he ensure that Conservative-imposed red tape for business with Europe is cut down?
We are consciously pursuing a trade agenda based on data, not on post-imperial delusion.
Regrettably, the data is pretty devastating on the damage done by how Brexit was implemented by our predecessors.
If one wants to look at academic research, the latest publications from Aston University indicate that a number of small and medium-sized businesses, about which we have heard a lot today from Opposition Members, were buried under red tape.
It is not only those businesses that have been buried under red tape; we have seen an increase in the number of civil servants across the United Kingdom by more than 100,000 in recent years.
That is partly why the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster in the Cabinet Office is leading our work on rethinking the size and shape of the British state.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right in recognising that we have a responsibility to try and clean up the mess.
That is what we are doing.
What steps he is taking to help support high street businesses.
We are reforming business rates, rolling out banking hubs, stamping out late payments, empowering communities to bring vacant properties on the high street back into use and beginning to tackle the antisocial behaviour and crime that has bedevilled the high street over the last decade.
Last month, we also announced a licensing taskforce that will recommend ways to improve our licensing regime to foster vibrant hospitality, the night-time economy and cultural industries on the high street.
A British Retail Consortium survey this week of major retailers employing half a million people found that 70% say that the £5 billion a year Employment Rights Bill will have a negative impact on their business and half said that it would lead to job cuts.
How does the Minister expect our high streets to cope with that extra cost, coming on top of higher business rates and higher national insurance?
When will the Government actually listen to businesses and to the people creating jobs in this country?
The Conservative party has a rather dismal record on support to workers.
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that most businesses that do the right thing by their employees support the Employment Rights Bill.
One reason the Bill is so important is that it will help put more money into people’s pockets, and that will have a knock-on benefit for high street businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support businesses in rural areas.
Rural areas offer significant potential for growth and are central to our economy, so we are working closely with other Government Departments, including the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, to improve the quality of life for people living and working in rural areas.
Later this year, we will launch the business growth service, which, in partnership with the growth hub network in England, will make it easier for businesses, including those in rural areas, to get the information and support that they need to thrive.