The Liberal Democrats believe that the future of British industry and our national security depend on a serious and sustained commitment to renewable energy.
We want to see far greater emphasis on clean energy sources, particularly solar, in order to reduce our dangerous reliance on fossil fuels, strengthen our energy security, and tackle fuel poverty by bringing down energy bills for households and businesses alike.
In the face of Putin’s barbaric war in Europe and with Donald Trump’s reckless tariffs threatening fresh economic turmoil, we cannot afford to be complacent.
The future of energy-intensive industries, not least our steel industry, hangs in the balance.
Steelmaking is not just an economic asset; it is of vital strategic importance to the UK.
We need steel in order to build the infrastructure required for a sustainable, secure future, from wind turbines and railways to hospitals and homes.
Without it, our ambitions for net zero and national resilience will collapse.
As such, will the Government give a clear, unequivocal commitment to their net zero plans, and will they ensure that no option is off the table when it comes to safeguarding our steel industry and the future of British manufacturing?
I can give the hon.
Gentleman reassurance that we are looking at all options to support the steel industry, which is foundational to our country.
He makes the correct points about how important steel is to building our future, whether it be runways, homes or other infra- structure.
We are looking at all options, and we have the steel plan, which will be coming out soon, and the £2.5 billion earmarked to support the steel industry.
My constituency has many brilliant metal manufacturing companies that supply critical UK industries in defence, automotive and construction.
However, many of them are struggling because the last Government left us with sky-high electricity prices and a dependence on foreign gas imports.
Last month, I launched Make UK’s new “Electrify Industry” initiative in Parliament, which seeks to address this broad challenge.
Can the Minister set out how the clean power 2030 action plan will make industrial energy costs cheaper and help us drive growth in the west midlands manufacturing industry?