Yesterday, I asked the Prime Minister whether Parliament will get a final vote on any trade deal negotiated with the United States, and the Prime Minister stated that it would go through the known process.
That process does not include a vote for MPs on the ratification of any trade deal.
Will the Secretary of State therefore make it explicitly clear, with a yes or no, whether MPs will get a final vote on the deal with the United States?
The PM’s answer yesterday implied that we would not.
The answer, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, is no; we are not, in this Government, seeking to change the ratification process for any treaty.
He knows the process and how it works.
The Constitutional Reform and Governance Act 2010 sets out that process.
It allows MPs to scrutinise any treaty agreed with a country and presented to the House.
The implementation of any aspect of any treaty still has to come to Parliament, of course; it is not the case that any agreement on any kind of international treaty can supersede what we agree in this place.
In that process, all Members of Parliament get the same rights and privileges, quite rightly, but no—we are not proposing changes to the process by which we agree treaties with other countries.
What steps his Department is taking to help support trade with European countries.
As we have just been discussing, increasing trade with European countries is and has been a focus of discussion between Ministers in the Department for Business and Trade and their EU counterparts.
I recently met Ministers from Spain, France, Denmark, Poland and Germany, and work is under way on the first UK-EU summit, scheduled to take place on  19 May ; trade and the economy will form one element of a broader agenda about our strategic partnership.
Across wider Europe, we are negotiating an enhanced free trade agreement with Switzerland, which we hope will strengthen our trading relationship there.
The UK’s economic relationship with Sweden is among the most important of our economic relationships with our European partners, particularly with Sweden having recently joined NATO.
As the Minister will know, Babcock is pursuing a partnership with Saab to build four Luleå-class corvettes for Sweden.
That would involve significant work at Rosyth dockyard and secure thousands of jobs in my constituency.
This would be a joint export product, bringing considerable further value to the UK.
Given the significance of this deal to my constituency and shipbuilding in the UK, will the Minister confirm its importance to our relationship with Sweden, and do all that he can to support and champion this vital defence industrial partnership?
Having worked so closely with former Prime Minister Gordon Brown over a number of years, I am probably the last person in this Chamber who needs to be convinced of the economic significance of the Rosyth dockyard.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I have recently had meetings with Babcock’s executive team, both in London and abroad.
Due to commercial sensitivities, I cannot discuss details of the deal to which he has referred.
I am grateful for his recent letter to the Secretary of State on this matter; a response was issued yesterday.
He can be fully assured that the Government value the defence relationship with Sweden and fully recognise the importance of defence industrial partnerships between the United Kingdom and Swedish companies.
They contribute greatly to our defence and growth objectives.
Food and drink is one of Scotland’s most successful industries, and it is worth £15 billion to the economy.
Over the coming months, the UK Government face a choice in their trade talks with the EU and US: do we align our food and farming standards with those in the EU, or reduce our quality standards at the behest of the United States?
Will the Secretary of State guarantee that Scotland’s food and drink industry will not be jeopardised through desperation to satisfy the demands of, and secure a deal with, Donald Trump?
At exactly this point tomorrow morning, I will be visiting a farm in East Lothian, so I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I am fully aware of the importance of food and agriculture to the Scottish economy and, more broadly, to the UK economy.
I also respectfully refer him to the Labour manifesto at the last general election, which made very clear our commitment to maintaining important standards.