I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s comments on those terrible attacks.
It should be a source of pride that some of the best drone and counter-drone tech that we have supplied to Ukraine has been made by British SMEs.
The problem is that Labour’s procurement freeze means that almost none of it has been bought in parallel for our own armed forces.
In this week of Labour U-turns, will the Secretary of State consider another one: namely, scrapping the Government’s crazy £30 billion Chagos deal and instead spending the money on rapidly supplying drones for the British Army, so that it can train for war as it is being fought today in Ukraine?
That was a bit of a “bucket” question.
On drones, we are increasing tenfold the number of British drones that we will supply to Ukraine this year.
We are also stepping up the lessons we are learning from working with Ukraine on the development of its technology—battlefield-hardened and combat-ready—so that we can supply our own forces with increasing numbers of drones as part of the strategic defence review’s vision for the way that we transform our forces in the years ahead.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland on the adequacy of legal protections for veterans who served in Operation Banner.
The veterans who served under Op Banner served to protect civilian lives and secure the peace in Northern Ireland.
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s deep concern that many may now be caught up in investigations or litigation, and I am determined that we protect them further.
I am working closely with the Northern Ireland Secretary, as are our officials, to ensure that we discharge our duty to the veterans as part of the necessary plans to repeal and replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
During Operation Banner, every single time a paramilitary was killed by a British soldier, it was subject to judicial investigation.
The Director of Public Prosecutions went through the evidence at the time, interviewed people, looked at the planning documents and was able to talk to people contemporaneously while they could still remember it.
It was not a rubber stamp; it was rigorous, as was proven by the fact that, where necessary, it led to prosecution.
What is happening now is double jeopardy.
Worse still, it is double jeopardy under new rules but with no new evidence.
Indeed, there is a risk of lost evidence and lost memory, given the passage of time.
I have heard what the Secretary of State has said, but will he commit to ensuring that soldiers who were subject to reviews at the time will not be subject to further risk of prosecution under the Government’s replacement for the legacy Act?
Any incoming Government would have to repeal the legacy Act.
It is unlawful legislation—it has been rejected by domestic courts, and rejected by communities across Northern Ireland, and it is simply wrong for anyone to suggest otherwise.
We owe it to those affected by the troubles, whom the right hon.
Gentleman speaks about, including our armed forces communities and veterans, to be honest about the unworkability of that legacy Act and to get this legislation right.
That is exactly what the Northern Ireland Secretary
and I are working together to ensure we can do, taking full account of all the interested parties, in particular those veterans and armed forces communities that the right hon.
Gentleman speaks about.