The Government’s commitment to reach 5% on GDP on defence spending is the right decision.
As we face the once-in-a-generation threat from Russia, it is vital that we regenerate our armed forces after years of decline under the Conservatives.
However, we need more urgency.
The International Institute for Strategic Studies warns that if there is a ceasefire in Ukraine, Russia could “pose a significant military challenge to NATO allies…as early as 2027.”
In order to strengthen our defence, we need to give people better incentives to join the armed forces.
Will the Minister consider accelerating recruitment by backing the Liberal Democrat proposal for a £10,000 signing bonus to attract new recruits?
We are accelerating recruitment.
We are dealing with the deep-seated and long-running failure in recruitment, because the previous Government, over  14 years, set and then failed to meet their own recruitment targets.
We are dealing with the recruitment and retention crisis in the armed forces.
I am proud to say that last year we gave the armed forces the biggest pay rise for over 20 years; that this year there will be another inflation-busting pay rise; and that we are starting to provide better pay, better kit, better housing and better support for forces families—the sorts of things that will keep those valuable and valued members of the armed forces serving our country and protecting us all.
What estimate he has made of the cost to his Department of the UK-Mauritius agreement concerning the Chagos archipelago, including Diego Garcia.
As the Defence Secretary has said, the cost of the agreement represents less than 0.2% of the annual MOD budget.
This has secured unrestricted access to and use of the base on Diego Garcia, control over movement of all persons and good on the base, and control of all communications and electronic systems.
It is a good deal.
I do not know that I agree with the Minister that this is a good deal, although I am curious about the £30 billion.
Does it count towards the new NATO target of 3.5%, or the additional 1.5% on top of that?
As we have to inform the Mauritian Government before we do anything particularly useful from that base, should that cost actually be counted in the defence numbers at all?
Let me squash the hon.
Gentleman’s last comment, which is wrong: we do not have to inform Mauritius before taking any military action.
Under the treaty, we have to provide notification after the event.
I have explained this 13 times in written answers to Members on the Conservative Front Bench, but I am afraid that they still do not get it.
That underlines why they could not do a deal after 11 rounds of negotiation, whereas this Government did it after two rounds, securing the future of that vital base for UK and US operations.
Is it not the case that our closest allies—the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and even India—have all welcomed this deal, precisely because they recognise the irreplaceable role of Diego Garcia in global security?
What does the Minister think is going on with the Opposition, who think they know more about global security than the security services, the White House and the Pentagon?
This is important, because the future of Diego Garcia is absolutely vital.
Having accepted the principle that sovereignty could be secured only by a negotiated settlement—that was the decision taken by the last Government—it is right that we secured a deal, and right that we protect the base for operations for more than 100 years.
The deal is good value for the UK taxpayer, because it secures the most valuable piece of military real estate on the planet, and keeps it under UK control for the next century and beyond.
What steps he is taking to increase security at military bases in the UK.
Following the disgraceful criminal vandalism that we saw at RAF Brize Norton, we immediately implemented a series of enhanced security measures at that air base and at other defence sites to ensure the safety of personnel, assets and operations.
The strategic defence review highlighted Brize Norton as being in need of investment after the hollowing out of our armed forces over the previous 14 years.
We have directed that a wider review be carried out at pace, to assess and ensure protective security at all defence sites.
Phase 1 of that review was completed this weekend, and I will make further, wider announcements in due course.
To what extent is the Ministry of Defence working with other Government agencies to ensure a joined-up response to emerging threats to military equipment and infrastructure?
Counter-terrorism police are still investigating the incident at RAF Brize Norton, and it is right that we allow them the space to complete that investigation.
The wider review looks at security at not just RAF Brize Norton, but all defence sites.
We are looking with colleagues across Government at what investment is needed, and at how we can work with others to secure the safety of sites to ensure that the UK maintains operational security for all its assets.
Almost by definition, RAF sites have to have very long perimeter fences, so it is understandable that they could be overcome at one point or another.
Why were they apparently not fitted with sensors, at least, so that any intrusion would have sounded the alarm?
I do not want to pre-empt the findings of all the reviews, but the right hon.
Gentleman is right that our air bases tend to cover a large area.
The perimeter fences we inherited on many of our air bases were not designed to keep everyone out with large things, but to be a perimeter defence.
In the ongoing security work, we are looking at how technological solutions and changes in guarding might contribute to enhanced security, given the increased threat that we face.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of regulations on the use of autonomous weapons systems.
The strategic defence review sets out that the UK will harness new technology through dynamic networks of crewed, uncrewed and autonomous systems.
We will always comply with the relevant regulatory framework and international humanitarian law.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that IHL compliance is absolutely essential as we look to use more artificial intelligence enabled weapons systems in the future.
The strategic defence review rightly emphasises the importance of autonomous weapons systems in augmenting the UK’s defence capabilities, but it also notes: “The UK’s competitors are unlikely to adhere to common ethical standards in developing and using” those technologies.
What specific measures are the Government taking to help prevent and mitigate the potential harms of autonomous capabilities, both in the UK and abroad?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we maintain responsible AI systems in the face of adversaries perhaps using AI in malign ways.
The UK will adhere to our legal obligations and the values of the society that we serve.
Through the UN and other processes, we are actively engaging in international dialogue on responsible AI, lethal autonomy and related strategic challenges, but all our activities will be in compliance with international humanitarian law.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last week, 32 NATO nations came together at the summit in The Hague, united in collective deterrence and in our collective defence of the Euro-Atlantic area.
I can report to the House that NATO is now bigger, stronger and more lethal than before.
We signed a new defence investment pledge of 5% of GDP by 2035, with new capability commitments from each nation.
It was a good day for NATO, a good day for British jobs, and a bad day for Putin.
Everyone at the summit agreed that Iran should never have nuclear weapons.
We all want the ceasefire between Israel and Iran to hold, and we will work to support it.
Finally, we also discussed it creating a new opportunity for a ceasefire in Gaza, which would be a vital step on the path to peace.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his response.
Now that the Prime Minister has made a cast-iron commitment to meet NATO’s 5% defence spending target, will the Secretary of State make a similarly welcome commitment to cross-party talks to establish a credible and durable path towards meeting that goal ahead of NATO’s 2029 capability review?