The Prime Minister was right then and he is right now.
I am working with the Northern Ireland Secretary to repeal and replace the legacy Act.
We will honour the Prime Minister’s undertaking to this House and do right by the duty that this nation holds to those veterans who served for more than 38 years during the troubles in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking to maintain the capability of the Red Arrows.
The strategic defence review recommended that the Hawk T1 and T2 be replaced with a cost-effective advanced jet trainer.
The future platform of the Royal Air Force aerobatic team is being considered at the same time, and a Royal Air Force programme team is being established to deliver that capability.
The TSR-2 aircraft was a world beater.
Unfortunately, the only thing that it could not beat in a dog fight was a Labour Government, who knew the cost of everything and the value of nothing.
Will the Minister assure me that we have learned the lessons of TSR-2, and that we will look at the replacement for the Hawk in the light of pressing a British-designed and manufactured aircraft that can sell Britain abroad?
The Conservative party set 2030 as the Hawk T1’s out-of-service date in its 2015 strategic defence and security review, and it then did precisely nothing to achieve a replacement in the nine years that followed, so I am disinclined to take lessons from the hon.
Gentleman’s  party on how to replace the Hawk.
I assure him that the competition will welcome any bids from UK-based suppliers.
What steps he is taking to ensure an “always on” approach to the shipbuilding supply line.
As outlined in the strategic defence review and in the UK’s modern industrial strategy, the Government are committed to supporting an “always on” shipbuilding industry by leveraging our buying power through public procurement and seeking to export our capabilities to friendly nations.
As the Minister says, the SDR spoke of the need for an “always on” supply of shipbuilding, with the Royal Navy continuing to move towards a more powerful but cheaper and simpler fleet.
The Minister has visited my constituency and seen the construction of the Type 31 frigates by Babcock at Rosyth, with the first ship, HMS Venturer, recently floated off.
Other ships of the initial five ordered by the Royal Navy are progressing well.
When can we expect to see announcements to guarantee the continued always-on supply of shipbuilding, and will she give an update on the need for more Type 31 frigates for the Royal Navy to reflect the flexibility of that platform, as well as the lower cost and faster production achieved by the incredible workforce at Rosyth in my constituency?
I recognise the benefit that the construction of Type 31 frigates has brought to Rosyth, and I have personally engaged with international partners to try to secure future orders.
In addition to any orders that we ourselves may have, exporting that type of capability to our allies and friends is a sensible way of ensuring that we can keep production going at Rosyth.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of holding cross-party talks on increasing defence spending to 3% of GDP by 2030.
At last week’s NATO summit all 32 nations signed up to a new defence investment pledge of 5% of GDP by 2035, including, for the first time, spending on national security, national resilience and homeland security.
That builds on this Government’s £5 billion boost to defence this year, the funded and costed plan to hit 2.5% of GDP in two years’ time, and our ambition to hit 3% in the next Parliament.
There is a great deal of experience across these Benches, and most of us recognise the imminence of the need to hit 3%.
My expertise is in force protection, and I know, among other things, that Brize Norton cannot draw support from the Military Provost Guard Service under the land top level budget, such as at nearby Dalton barracks and South Cerney.
That is more acute still at RAF Lossiemouth.
Will the  Minister meet me to discuss the command structure of the MPGS and bring our experience to the table to find that 3% of GDP imminently?
My hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces will be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman —he would be a much better person to meet than me on this matter.