My hon.
Friend is a huge champion of these issues, and I have long championed what unpaid family carers do.
As she says, many do not even think they are a carer; they are just a husband, wife, son, daughter, mum or dad looking after the person they love.
I want to reassure her, as I said in my statement, that existing PIP claimants and all those who get passported benefits, like carers, will be protected as a result of the changes we have made.
Indeed, I know my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary wants to do far more to support family carers in future because without them, our NHS would collapse.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, while necessary at the time of covid, the removal of the requirement for face-to-face  assessments was an opening of the door to potential abuse?
If so, will she commit in principle to the reinstatement of face-to-face assessments?
That is exactly what we committed to in our Green Paper.
Presumably, the outcome of the Timms review will require some form of primary legislation to enact the changes to the system that will come from the Department for Work and Pensions.
In which case, I suggest to the Minister that removing clause 5 from the Bill tomorrow and putting it into any future legislation means the Department can still have its thresholds in the future if it wants to, but only once everybody knows against what criteria those judgments will be made.
We are co-producing this review, and it may result in changes that require primary or secondary legislation or other action, and I do not want to pre-empt that.
Let me just bring my hon.
Friend and the House back to the purpose of these changes: to ensure that we have a system that is fair for those who need support and fair for taxpayers, and to try to put the welfare state on a more sustainable footing for the future.
If we do not do so, my real fear is that it will not be there for the very people who really, really need support going forward.
Today’s statement feels like a panicked political fix to an indefensible attempt to cut benefits from the most sick and from disabled people, but it lacks competence and compassion.
Given that the Secretary of State talks about social justice, how can she justify people who might need that support in the future not receiving the support that disabled and sick people rightly receive today?
Would the right thing to do not be to shelve these proposals so she can allow time to do what she has promised to do and to genuinely co-produce and consult with disabled people on the right way forward?
I fundamentally disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s proposition.
Our changes are rooted in the clear principles that those who can work should work and need the support to do so, and those who cannot work should be protected, but that we need a system that is fair and sustainable.
I do not believe that we can wait while disabled people in this country who want to work are denied the opportunities to do so.
We cannot have a system where one in eight young people is not in education, employment or training, with all the terrible long-term consequences that brings.
We cannot see one in 10 of our fellow citizens trapped out of work and economically inactive, because that is not a good future for them or for our country.
We already know that the Bill as published was flawed, because of the changes that have been made in the past few days and announced today.
I welcome the wider review of PIP and the consultation with disabled people, their organisations and clinicians, but given the wider review and that the Timms review is yet to report, why are we pushing ahead at this stage?
Because we have to begin to reform the welfare state, to help those who can work to do so, to protect those who cannot and to begin to put our  welfare state on a more sustainable footing.
The Bill protects existing claimants—they will not be affected by the changes.
It ensures that people have a right to try, and that those with severe, lifelong conditions never face reassessment.
It comes alongside the biggest-ever employment support for sick and disabled people.
Together, this is a fair and balanced package that meets the needs of existing claimants and reforms the welfare state for the future.