This is a Government in chaos: open rebellion from their own Back Benchers, unfunded U-turns costing billions, and welfare plans that are not worth the paper they are written on.
Their latest idea is a two-tier welfare system to trap people in a lifetime on benefits and deny them the dignity of work, while leaving the taxpayer to pick up the ever-growing bill.
It is a long-held Conservative belief that those who can work, should work.
Work provides security and purpose.
That is why we launched universal credit, simplifying complex benefits and ensuring that work always paid.
And it works.
In the decade up to the pandemic, we got the number of people on benefits and the benefits bill itself down.
Some 800 jobs were created for every day that we were in office, giving millions of people the dignity and security that work brings.
But then, during the pandemic, we saw something new.
The health and disability bit of our benefits system started to break.
The bill is forecast to hit £100 billion by 2030.
One in every four pounds of income tax will be spent on health and disability benefits—more than the entire defence budget.
That is not fair for the taxpayer, not fair for people who are written off, and certainly not sustainable for the country.
Despite Labour having 14 years in opposition and now a year in government, they still do not have a plan to bring down the welfare bill or get people into work.
What we have before us now is a rushed and chaotic compromise that is not reform in any sense of the word.
It is woefully unambitious about savings, conspicuously lacking in compassion and achieves no meaningful change of a system we all know is broken.
Thanks to the Government’s latest climbdown, we are left with a plan that will save just £2.5 billion of a £100 billion bill by introducing a two-tier system.
Two people diagnosed with Parkinson’s a week apart will now receive different levels of support—all to clear up an internal Labour argument.
The Government’s own impact assessment shows that these plans will not get a single person into work.
The idea that work is the guiding motivation for these changes is laughable.
There are things that the Government could do.
They could reform the fit note system, which sees 94% of people who apply told that they are too sick to do any work at all.
They could say today that they would make all sickness benefit assessments face to face.
They could get a grip of the rising claims for common mental health problems, such as anxiety and depression.
Claims for those and neurodevelopmental conditions such as ADHD are the main reason for the steep rise in the number of people on sickness benefits, making up more than half of all new claims.
The Centre for Social Justice has found that the Government could save up to £9 billion by reforming those benefits.
However, nothing that we have seen from Labour over the past couple of weeks suggests that it has the courage and conviction to grip that problem.
In the meantime, our welfare bill will only continue to rise.
We agree on the need for reform and have set out the conditions under which we would support the Government: first, the welfare budget must come down; secondly, we need to get people back into work; thirdly, there must be no new tax rises to pay for increases in welfare spending.
But with the welfare bill ever growing, unemployment rising and jobs disappearing, the Bill fails on all accounts.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether the changes she is announcing today will be paid for through borrowing or taxation?
Where are these good jobs she claims to be creating, when vacancies are going down and unemployment is going up?
Has she read the impact assessment for the Government’s Employment Rights Bill, which makes it clear that it will be harder for people to find work as a result?
Why did it take the Government a year to publish the terms of reference for their PIP assessment review, and when can we expect changes if it does not report back until autumn 2026?
Could I try one more time to ask what the difference is between the Secretary of State’s right to try guarantee and our chance to work guarantee?
Finally, is this it?
Are there any more savings?
Are the Government not going to get any more people into work?
Is this the extent of their ambition for  reforming the welfare system during their time in office?
In five years’ time, will this be the Secretary of State’s legacy?
I am in listening mode, and I listened carefully to what the hon.
Lady said: once again, her strategy seems to be to rail against the problems that she and her party created.
She has some chutzpah to talk about a two-tier system, when that is precisely what the Conservatives introduced when they protected people on legacy benefits when they moved on to UC and replaced DLA with PIP.
They were part of that, and the hon.
Lady should admit that rather than making those points.
She said we should bring back face-to-face reassessments.
We are doing so—it was the Conservatives who switched them off.
To be honest, I am still no clearer about what the Conservatives’ policy actually is.
The hon.
Lady and the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , claim that they had a plan to cut £12 billion from the welfare bill in their manifesto, but the truth is that it was nothing but a vague idea about turning PIP into vouchers.
She talks about fit notes—I think the Conservatives tried to reform them about three or four times but completely failed, as have all their other efforts.
The one change the Conservatives did propose was to the work capability assessment, and their consultation was ruled illegal by the courts.
What is beyond doubt is the mess that they left our welfare state and country in.
Economic inactivity was rising; it is coming down under Labour.
Disability benefits were doubling, with the cost to taxpayers soaring.
We are putting in place real reforms based on our values—fair for those who need support and for taxpayers.
That is the leadership that this country deserves.