According to the 2021 census, there are more than 2 million veterans living in Great Britain.
Clearly, some of them have been busy lately: their parliamentary petition entitled “Protect Northern Ireland Veterans from Prosecutions”, with support from the Daily Mail, the Express and others, now has more than 160,000 signatures and will be debated in Parliament on  14 July .
Which Minister will respond to that debate, so that we can ask them why the Government’s current remedial order is drafted to help the likes of Gerry Adams sue the British taxpayer while throwing our veterans to the wolves?
We welcome the petition, and we certainly welcome the parliamentary debate—it is quite proper that Parliament debates these issues.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s legacy Act offered false and undeliverable promises to the veterans of Northern Ireland.
The last Government were warned that it would be unlawful and incompatible with the Windsor framework.
Even the chief commissioner of the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery said that the Act has obvious problems, and that elements of it were dead in the water from the beginning.
We are now fixing that flawed and failed legislation, and we will do so in a way that honours our duty towards those veterans.
The Government could have appealed to the Supreme Court on this but deliberately did not.
I do not doubt the Secretary of State’s personal sincerity.
However, at Prime Minister’s questions on  15 January , the Prime Minister promised veterans: “We are working on a draft remedial order and replacement legislation, and we will look at every conceivable way to prevent these types of cases from claiming damages—it is important that I say that on the record.”—[Official
Report,  15 January 2025 ; Vol. 760, c. 324.]
Why then, despite the PM’s solemn promise, is the order still unchanged?
Surely he is not expecting to order his own MPs, many of whom represent red wall seats from which those veterans were originally recruited, through the Aye Lobby just to do Gerry Adams a favour?
He is not going to do that, is he?