Last week, I asked the Chief Secretary to the Treasury what happened to the £4 billion earmarked for autonomous systems, including in Plymouth.
That line was in the Chancellor’s spending review speech, but not delivered on the day.
The Chief Secretary did not know.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this funding exists, and will he accept an invitation to Turnchapel Wharf, where exciting marine autonomy is being developed?
I can confirm that the £4 billion is funded.
I can confirm that the investment in autonomous and drone technology in this Parliament is double what was planned before the election.
I can confirm that we will spend and invest that money it in this Parliament.
I always like coming to Plymouth; my hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces drags me down there frequently.
Last week’s historic NATO summit concluded with members laying the foundation for a stronger united NATO.
With the changing nature of the threats we face, does the Secretary of State agree that working even more closely with our NATO allies is crucial to keeping the UK secure at home and stronger abroad?
I do indeed.
NATO is bigger, stronger and more lethal than ever before.
It is our guarantee that we will never fight alone.
That is why the leading contribution that Britain makes to NATO deterrence and defence is a big part of keeping us safe for the future.
Do the Government know if the US Government are still providing technical military intelligence support, such as electronic or imagery intelligence for Ukraine?
If that were cut off by President Trump, would the Americans effectively restrict our British military technical intelligence support to Ukraine?
The hon.
Member will understand that we cannot talk about sharing military intelligence on the Floor of the House, but as he and I have an interest in this, I would be happy to have a conversation with him.
North Staffordshire Tri Service and Veterans Support Centre does a wonderful job supporting veterans across Stoke-on-Trent, but all too often, it finds that the military covenant is not working for them.
In Stoke-on-Trent in particular, it seems to be failing.
What action are this Government taking to ensure that the covenant is worth the paper it is printed on in cities like mine?
I highlight that the Prime Minister has made an announcement about broadening responsibility for the covenant, and the duty of care that it will deliver, from three Government Departments to 14.
It will now be for other Departments to ensure that the duty is adhered to across all local councils.
Some 3,537 of my constituents in South Norfolk are veterans.
Being a veteran in a rural community is very different from being one in an urban community.
What action are the Government taking to ensure that my veterans have the support they need?
As I have mentioned several times today, the Valour programme will accommodate that.
It will not be a service that is a blueprint for everyone, but we will take the geographical differences into account and ensure that it is fit for purpose so that our veterans are given the deal that they deserve.
The strategic defence review, published this month, clearly states: “The foundation of the UK’s approach to deterrence remains a minimum, credible, independent UK nuclear deterrent, assigned to the defence of NATO… The UK’s nuclear weapons are operationally independent.”
Somehow, in the last 29 days, the UK Government have decided that they no longer see their Trident nuclear missiles as a minimum credible deterrent.
Why was that major change in policy not announced in the SDR?
The Government have made it very clear that our support for our independent nuclear deterrent is solid and is not changing.
We are investing in new submarines, we are investing in the base in Faslane, we are investing in new nuclear reactors in Derby, and we are backing the people who keep our country safe with that guarantor of our security, the nuclear deterrent.
Since  14 June , an F-35B from the Prince of Wales carrier strike group has been stranded on the runway at the Thiruvananthapuram  civilian airport in India.
What steps are the Government taking to recover the plane, how much longer will that take, and how will the Government ensure the security of protected technologies on the jet while it is in the hangar and out of view?
We continue to work with our Indian friends who provided first-class support when the F-35B was unable to return to the Prince of Wales when on a flight mission, and I am certain that the security of the jet is in good hands because Royal Air Force crew are with it at all times.
Given that as many as 35,000 Ukrainian children are still missing and are probably being held in occupied territory or in Russia, will the Minister assure us that the Government are not only taking action to help injured soldiers in Ukraine back on to the frontline, but doing all that they can to support the reunion of Ukrainian children with their families?
We are proud to be investing in Operation Renovator, our contribution to helping injured Ukrainian soldiers to recover and return to the fight to guarantee the safety of their nation, and we will continue to support that operation and our Ukrainian friends for as long as it takes.
Infantry regiments cite difficulty in recruiting in their traditional communities and recruitment grounds.
Further to the exchange between the Secretary of State and  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) , may I ask what more can be done to encourage, specifically, young British men to join the Army?
Last year 165,000 young people tried to join the British Army.
We hired 9,500 of them, but 84% left because the process was too long.
We have a superb “attract feature”, but we need to be better at converting, and we are making progress in that regard, although there is more to be done.
I am happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman if he has any ideas that might support that.
Sadly, we have all seen the devastation caused by modern missiles.
Germany is preparing to receive the Arrow 3 missile defence system, ordered just two years ago, which can intercept intercontinental missiles at 2,500 km.
What plans have the Government to equip this country similarly?
One of the recommendations in the strategic defence review was that we develop an integrated air and missile defence system in this country.
We must take our homeland security more seriously than we have in the past, and that is exactly what we will do.
During our last session of Defence questions, I asked the Secretary of State to join me in wishing a happy forthcoming birthday to Eastbourne’s last surviving war veteran, Eric Deach, who was shortly to turn 100.
Unfortunately, tomorrow I shall be a pallbearer at his funeral; he did not make it.
Will the Secretary of State, ahead of that funeral, join me in paying one final tribute to Eric for his service and everything he did to fight for our country?
Hear, hear.
It needs no words; the hon.
Gentleman has heard the response of the House.
We pay tribute to Mr Deach, and offer our deepest sympathies to his family, his friends and his comrades, and our thoughts will be with the hon.
Gentleman tomorrow as he bears that coffin into the crematorium or the church for Mr Deach’s final journey.
Will the Government raise with the F-35 joint program office or the joint executive steering board the human rights breaches and the possibility of suspending Israel’s access while maintaining supplies to other customers?
We always keep in mind our obligations under international law, and we obviously discuss matters that might pertain to it among the F-35 nations.
On Saturday, I had the pleasure of welcoming the Secretary of State to my home town of Cleethorpes, where we witnessed the national Armed Forces Day event.
Earlier, he referred to the volunteers who made this possible.
My constituent Alex Baxter, whom he met on Saturday, has masterminded the Armed Forces Day event in Cleethorpes for many years.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Alex and his team on a splendid event?
I had one of the best days in this job so far with the hon.
Gentleman and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes   (Melanie Onn)  in his home town of Cleethorpes—they were there together.
Behind the event was Alex Baxter, the absolutely formidable figure who organised the armed forces major events team that staged the Cleethorpes Armed Forces Day.
Some 300,000 people were expected over the weekend.
It was a great boost to our armed forces, to veterans and to the people of Cleethorpes.
Cadets are a wonderful source of social mobility in our country, and played a key role in last weekend’s Armed Forces Day celebrations.
I want to recognise my brilliant local air cadets: 12F Walthamstow and Leyton squadron, and 241 Wanstead and Woodford squadron.
Will the Minister set out the Government’s approach to increasing the size of cadet forces in communities like mine so that everyone can benefit from the opportunities that cadets have to offer?