The Prime Minister and many Ministers have identified that the benefits system is broken and its cost is skyrocketing, but balancing the books on the backs of the poor is wrong-headed in the extreme.
The proposals today are a leap into the dark.
My Liberal Democrat colleagues and I are really concerned that they are rushed proposals.
Legislation that is rushed is often wrong, with unintended consequences.
As the Member of Parliament for Torbay, I am concerned, as my Liberal Democrat colleagues are, about the disabled and long-term sick, their children, their families and carers.
There are some root causes.
Our broken NHS and social care system needs to be resolved so that support is there for those most in need.
Our Access to Work scheme is broken and needs resolving as a matter of urgency.
There are some real challenges, so I hope that the Secretary of State will give some genuine answers.
What consultation has she undertaken with carers?
What cost shunting for our care and social needs system has she identified in the proposals?
Finally, will she consider withdrawing these proposals so that there is adequate consultation and scrutiny to avoid any bystanders being hit?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman cares passionately about these issues.
He raises the urgent need to ensure that our NHS is back on its feet.
We are beginning to make a difference, with waiting lists down for the first time in two years and with 4 million appointments—more than double we promised—created in our first year.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the failings of Access to Work.
I absolutely agree: that is why, as part of the Green Paper, we are looking to reform it so that it is available to more people in future.
We care passionately about family carers.
As I said in my statement, existing PIP claimants will be protected as a result of the changes announced today, as will those carers whose carer’s allowance is a passported benefit.
We are also looking at the future of social care with the review by Louise Casey.
We are bringing these changes forward because we do not think it acceptable that the UK has one of the widest disability employment gaps in western Europe, at 28%, which is much higher than Germany, France and Sweden.
We think that is unacceptable and we want to change it.
That is why we are making these reforms.
rose— Order.
Can we try to speed up questions and answers?
No, it is not the Secretary of State’s fault; I am just thinking of the numbers.
Everybody wants to make a comment, and I understand why.
Johanna Baxter will give us a good example.