The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to improve housing for armed forces families.
What steps he is taking to improve housing for armed forces families.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, on behalf of those serving in our armed forces, I would like to thank you for the parliamentary flag-raising ceremony to mark the start of Armed Forces Week last Monday.
I thank hon.
Members across the House for the support that they gave to more than 200 local Armed Forces Day events over the weekend.
On housing, we are a Government who are delivering for defence.
In January, we bought back 36,000 military homes into public ownership.
In April, we launched a consumer charter to deliver basic housing rights and standards.
In May, we announced an additional £1.5 billion for forces family homes—part of £7 billion that we will invest in military accommodation in the next five years.
I meet servicemen, servicewomen and veterans in my constituency at events such as Remembrance Day and the recent VE commemorations.
We all know the challenges that servicemen and women have had with housing and its quality in recent years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is this Labour Government who are finally making them proud?
Indeed.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his strong working links with veterans in Watford.
He is right: as he will recognise, my hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans and People recently launched Operation Valour, the first ever UK-wide approach to veteran support, with £50 million of funding to establish a new network of Valour-recognised support centres right across the country.
This Saturday, hundreds will join to mark Falkirk Armed Forces Day in Callendar Park, belatedly.
Many of those who are currently serving and veterans in Scotland rely on the activities of charitable organisations such as the Ancre Somme Association, which is hosting the event, and Veterans Housing Scotland, which provides affordable housing for those who have served.
Do the Government have any plans to supplement the essential and welcome £1.5 billion additional investment for service housing with additional support for registered charitable organisations that are working tirelessly to safely house veterans?
We do indeed, and we are putting in extra funds and greater support to deal with the problem of homeless veterans.
I am happy to thank and pay tribute to the Ancre Somme Association for its part in a successful Armed Forces Day parade and celebration in Falkirk.
I pay tribute to all the volunteers right across the country who made our local Armed Forces Day events possible.
We pay tribute to the regulars, the reservists, the veterans, the cadets and the armed forces families, but it is the volunteers who help us make these events happen.
With basing becoming longer-term and more predictable, and with most young people wanting to buy rather than  rent their home, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the success of Forces Help to Buy?
What plans does he have to extend it?
Unfortunately, Forces Help to Buy really has not kept pace either with demand or with the success of civilian programmes.
It is part of the forces housing review that I have launched, which I expect to report in the autumn.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that the aspirations of those who serve and who join the services are exactly the same as for every other working person in this country.
We should try to make that part of the contract that this nation makes with those who will serve in future.
Housing is not the only issue affecting armed forces families.
When a member of the forces moves, their family often move with them.
My work experience student Amy, who is in the Gallery today, is from an armed forces family and attended three primary schools.
One school provided dedicated support, whereas others had less understanding of the issues that children whose parents are in the forces may face.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Secretary of State for Education to ensure that armed forces children receive consistent support at every school that they attend?
We will indeed.
Amy’s experience is typical for many children of forces families: regularly moving as their parents answer the call and are deployed in different areas.
We can do better by them.
I am in conversation with my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary about how we can do better by our forces families and forces children, but also about how we can do better for the cadets and the opportunities that they offer to all young people.