UK defence companies need certainty from the Government in order to invest and plan with confidence.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s recent efforts at the G7 and NATO summits, and his commitment to spend 5% of GDP on defence by 2035, including 1.5% on defence and security-related investment.
Can the Secretary of State clarify how exactly that 1.5% will be measured?
Will it involve new projects and investments, or will it merely be a reclassification of existing projects?
Crucially, how can industry, public bodies and other stakeholders contribute so that they can help to achieve that goal?
My hon.
Friend asks characteristically searching questions, so let me send him the NATO criteria that were published alongside the pledge last week, and let him and his Committee, when they interrogate me on Wednesday afternoon, pursue any further questions that they might have.
There are Members on the Government Front Bench who know a thing or two about leadership—I can say that with confidence, because the Prime Minister is not in that place.
The Government have a commanding majority and do not need the support of Members from any other Benches to hit 3% of GDP, and further, if only the leadership of the Labour party could get its own Members of Parliament through the Division Lobby.
Given that the Prime Minister shows no ability to do that with the changes to welfare, how will he ensure that 3% is spent on defence in a timely manner?
The Conservatives “hollowed out and underfunded” defence for 14 years—those are not my words, but those of the right hon.
Gentleman’s former Cabinet colleague, Ben Wallace.
This year there has been a £5 billion boost in defence spending, but in his Government’s first year, in 2010, there was a £2 billion cut in defence.
Just as we boosted defence spending this year, we will increase it to 2.5% by 2027, which is three years earlier than the right hon.
Gentleman argued for.
We have shown exactly how we will fund that.
We have taken the decision—which he did not take—to switch funding from overseas development aid into defence, and just as we have shown where the money is coming from in this Parliament, in the next Parliament we will do the same.
I, too, welcome the commitment to get to 5% of GDP on defence spending by 2035.
It is imperative that the increase in defence spending means that funding is getting to those on the cutting edge of defence innovation.
Cody technology park in Farnborough is already home to world-class defence innovation, with a wide range of small and  medium-sized enterprises working there, alongside QinetiQ, and it is where DragonFire has just been developed.
What role does the Minister see for existing places such as Cody, in delivering our defence industrial strategy?
Will she meet me to discuss whether Cody could be the home for the new defence SME hub?
I see a huge role.
I hope that my hon.
Friend took the commitment that the Chancellor and I made, alongside the spring statement, to set a new target for direct defence investment in SMEs, as a sign of that commitment.
While I am in the business of committing my ministerial colleagues to meetings, I know that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry would be only too happy to meet her and to draw on her expertise as part of the development of our defence industrial strategy.