Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the City of Lake Elmo, Minnesota.
On Saturday, September 13, 2025, residents of Lake Elmo kicked off a month of celebrations with family, friends, and neighbors at Lions Park, including a flyover from the Commemorative Air Force.
Paul, Minnesota.
Natural beauty, clear waters, and good fishing have long attracted people to the waters of what was then called Bass Lake and neighboring lakes.
In 1848, it is believed that two Virginians, Bernard and Maria Cyphers were the first white settlers to the area.
Just south of Sunfish Lake, the Cyphers built a hotel and tavern called the Lake House.
In 1850, Stillwater Road was built through the community, which served as the main route for stagecoaches taking passengers between Saint Paul and Stillwater.
By 1872, the Saint Paul, Stillwater and Taylor's Falls Railroad-- later the Omaha Road--was built, making it easier for tourists to reach the lake from Saint Paul.
A post office was established at Bass Lake Station, with the Lake House being used as a town meeting site.
In 1879, a prominent Saint Paul businessman and railroad promotor named Alpheus B. Stickney was prompted by his wife Kate to pick Lake Elmo as the new name for the growing village and its largest lake, which was a name believed to be based on a popular character in literature at the time.
Utilizing the city's nearby environment and valuable natural resources, Lake Elmo quickly became a popular summer resort.
With the railways in place, Lake Elmo also became a bustling commercial hub for agriculture and industry, supplying farmers with grain houses, blacksmiths, and repair shops.
After Stillwater Road was fully paved and completed in 1920, the village underwent rapid development.
In 1925, supported by economic activity, the downtown was formalized as Lake Elmo Village.
While no longer an agricultural hub, Lake Elmo continues to share its natural wonders with surrounding communities.
Lake Elmo Regional Park Reserve and Sunfish Lake Park offer our community access to the outdoors with modern and equestrian campgrounds, fishing piers, a boat launch, and trails for hiking and bicycling.
Lake Elmo has played a special role in Minnesota as a place of historic significance and great natural beauty.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating the 100th anniversary.