Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my dear friend, and Fox Lake, Illinois's 23rd Mayor, Donny Schmit, a public servant, community leader, and proud alumnus.
I am proud to recognize Mayor Schmit for his decades of dedicated service to the people of Fox Lake and his lifelong commitment to civic and community engagement.
And I am proud that Donny's service is now forever recognized with his induction this year into the Grant Community High School Hall.
The Grant Community High School Hall of Fame honors alumni who have achieved distinction, outstanding accomplishment, or significant contribution in their professions, their communities, their schools, their families, or their personal lives.
Inductees are chosen as role models for students and as examples of the excellence the school seeks to inspire.
Donny's life and career undoubtedly reflect these very ideals.
Donny graduated from Grant in 1971, where he lettered in both football and wrestling.
Following high school, he embarked on a successful career in the trades, but his true calling has been in service to his hometown community.
Over the years, he has served as a Village Trustee, Planning Commission Board member, and is currently in his fourth consecutive term as Mayor.
In this role, Donny has been a steadfast supporter of Grant High School, regularly attending events, welcoming student interns to the Village, incorporating student voices into municipal planning, and honoring students and coaches.
His service extends well beyond his mayoral responsibilities.
Donny dedicated more than 25 years as a volunteer with the Fox Lake Fire Department, coached young athletes with the Lakeland Cardinals, and helped lead programs with the Lions Club, including as an instructor for the blind bowling league.
In addition, he has been an active member of his church, where he received the Christi Fidelis Award from Cardinal Francis George for his exceptional volunteer work.
Through his leadership, Donny has guided significant improvements to the Village of Fox Lake and has been a tireless advocate for his community.
He embodies the values of service, leadership, and integrity and serves as a role model for students and citizens alike.
As part of his Hall of Fame induction, Donny will be celebrated during a series of homecoming events--including a reception, pep assembly, the varsity football game, and the homecoming parade--giving the community and students alike the opportunity to honor his achievements.