active in the civil rights and anti-war movements of the 1960's and 1970's, and after attending seminary decided to expand his knowledge of the world by working as a missionary.
He soon ended up in Santiago, Chile, where he endured the 1973 coup that deposed President Salvador Allende.
As he began witnessing the abuses of the Pinochet regime and guiding foreign journalists to document them, his friends started disappearing.
He returned to the United States to pursue a master's degree at American University's School.
Over the next two decades he piled up an impressive record of leadership by founding the Washington D.C. Office on Latin America, with which I have worked closely on so many issues, and directing the D.C. office of Lawyers Committee for Human Rights (now Human Rights First).
He also worked on Latin American rights for the United Methodist Church and got himself thrown out of Honduras for investigating abuses by its military junta.
In the 1990's and 2000's, Joe continued his passionate advocacy for human rights and justice through his service as a School of International Service professor and as American University's longest serving chaplain.
He is known for transforming the Kay Spiritual Life Center into ``a hub for social justice and courageous conversation on campus,'' and for bringing human rights and racial equity into the forefront of campus engagement.
And it was not only in the university community that he performed his pastoral role--as a minister, he married legions of social activists and christened hundreds of their children.
Whether it was weddings, funerals, or baptisms, Joe was always there for his community.
In recent years, he has also served as an active and generous member and officer of various boards and advisory committees, including those of the Center for International Policy, the Area Foundation, and the U.S. Institute.
In each of these roles, Joe has brought not only his kind and gentle demeanor and his thirst for truth and fairness, but also a wealth of experience, wisdom and good judgment.
His influence has been legendary and welcomed.
Joe is also a devoted husband and father who delights in spending time with his family.
He has traveled widely with his loving wife, Maria Otero, and takes great pride in his three children, Justin, David and Ana, who lead their lives according to the values they learned from him.
As Joe retires from his boards and other formal duties, I hope my colleagues will join me in offering him thanks for a lifetime of service that has made the world a better place.
I wish him many years ahead of good health and what our late, great colleague, John Lewis, called ``good trouble''.