Let me say two things.
First, we have no quarter with any incidence of fraud.
We have commenced 51 criminal investigations into suspected fraud cases and there have been a total of 80 arrests so far.
Let me also say that during the pandemic we introduced £400 billion of support to businesses and families up and down the country and, according to the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics, the result is that our economy is nearly 2% bigger than pre-pandemic, while Germany’s, for example, is only 0.3% bigger.
Primary care capital allocation has pulled the short straw for decades.
May I encourage Treasury Ministers to look across Government and with developers —retrospectively if necessary—to ensure that when we build huge new housing estates, the primary care promised in the planning permissions is actually provided?
I will take this question as well because my hon.
Friend has lobbied me personally on this issue.
Literally no one in this House has worked harder on it than he has.
I have an example of the very problem he is talking about in my own constituency.
He is right that  it takes too long for housing development capital to reach NHS primary care projects.
We will look into the issue carefully.
In my constituency we are faced with the potential closure of vital public services such as Cleckheaton town   hall, Claremont House dementia care home and Batley sports and tennis centre.
Ultimately, that comes down to cuts imposed on Kirklees Council of more than £1 billion since 2010.
Ahead of next week’s autumn statement, what conversations has the Chancellor had with his colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to ensure that our local authorities are properly funded and the future of our vital public services is protected?
I am answering a lot of the topical questions today because I have a new team.
I want to reassure the hon.
Lady that we are very aware of the financial pressures that local authorities are under.
I am having extensive discussions with the Communities Secretary.