I have a very small bone to pick with my right hon.
Friend, because when I became Chancellor I was hoping to say that I was the first Chancellor who was once an entrepreneur, but he pipped me to the post.
However, he is absolutely right to say how important it is to have competitive business investment taxes.
I was very proud in the spring Budget to introduce full expensing for three years, which gives us some of the most competitive business taxes in the OECD.
Only five other countries do that, and I will of course keep under review any possibility to extend that tax break.
Is investment not needed in the UK given that 13 years of Tory rule have resulted in a £137 billion UK deficit?
Meanwhile independent Ireland has a €10 billion surplus from its economic growth and investment.
That is an Ireland without the oil or natural resources of Scotland, which is now about to start a sovereign wealth fund.
Where did the failing crisis-hit UK go wrong and independent Ireland go right?
The clue, by the way, is in the question.
I find that a very curious question.
If the hon.
Member is proud of Scotland’s natural resources, why does he want to cancel North sea oil and gas exploration, which is the very thing that can give families across the United Kingdom security from the energy shocks we have seen from things such as the invasion of Ukraine?
There is encouraging news in that the Pension Insurance Corporation has recently announced that it is going to invest in helping to support the building of 1,200 new affordable homes in this city.
Does the Chancellor agree that pension funds could be a very important source of capital for developing social rented housing around the country—Eden Housing Association, South Lakes Housing, and Westmorland and Furness Council, for example?
Will he look at the rules and bring in greater incentives for pension investment funds to invest in affordable housing across the country?
We are already working on proposals in that very area.
Broadly speaking, we have one of the most robust and resilient pension fund sectors in the world, but we are doing a lot of work to remove the barriers to investing back into the UK.
Things such as affordable housing, infrastructure and our growth businesses are areas of great potential.
What steps his Department is taking to increase public sector productivity.
What steps he is taking to help ensure value for money in public spending.
My hon.
Friend is rightly very focused on making sure that every single pound of taxpayers’ money is spent wisely, and I can assure him that the Government share that goal.
In June, the previous Chief Secretary to the Treasury launched the public sector productivity programme, and we will provide an update at the autumn statement.
Estimates show that the public sector today is 7.5% less productive than in the environment just before covid.
Does the Minister agree that this could possibly be down to a continued more liberal working from home ethic?
How much is this costing the taxpayer?
My hon.
Friend is right that public sector productivity must be improved.
That is exactly what the review is looking at and what we will address.
I look forward to talking to him more about it in due course.