I would have liked to have started by welcoming the new Foreign Secretary to his place, but I cannot do so because he is not here.
Despite my respect for the Minister, he is not the Foreign Secretary.
We do not know when or how this House will hear from the Foreign Secretary because he is not a Member.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Seely, are you going to be quiet?
Yes.
Right—in which case, the shadow Foreign Secretary may continue.
David Cameron is the seventh Foreign Secretary in seven years of Tory chaos.
He was forced to resign in failure over a matter of foreign policy.
The Prime Minister has looked at each of the 350 Conservative Members and decided that none of them would be better at representing Britain’s interests on the world stage.
The Prime Minister claims he is for change, but instead he has resurrected yesterday’s failure with an honour.
That decision raises serious questions for this House, but I know you share those concerns, Mr Speaker.
At a time of grave international crisis and at a moment of war in Europe, with a more assertive China, a climate emergency and a horrifying conflict in Gaza, this House needs Government accountability more than ever.
Will the Minister commit to working closely with Mr Speaker to ensure that the Opposition and all Members of Parliament can hold the Foreign Secretary to account?
I turn to the horrors of Gaza.
More than 11,000 Palestinians have reportedly been killed, with two thirds of the dead being women and children.
This is shocking and devastating.
Every civilian death is an equal tragedy.
Does the Minister agree that the number of Palestinian civilians and children who have been killed over the past month is intolerable?
And does he agree that Israel must make changes to how it is fighting this war, by taking urgent and concrete steps to protect civilian life?
I am gravely concerned by the desperate reports from hospitals in northern Gaza.
These hospitals were already overstretched with the wounded, short of fuel and filled with civilians seeking shelter.
Doctors are now forced to make impossible choices as they try to care for the wounded and newborns, without power.
Some of those newborns have now lost their lives—unbearable.
Medical establishments have special protection under international law.
They should never be targeted or used as shields.
All parties must follow international law, acting with necessity, distinction, proportionality and precaution.
Allegations of breaches should always be treated with the utmost seriousness.