The director of the FBI has said that Hamas pose the greatest security risk to the United States and the west since ISIS a decade ago.
Does the Minister of State agree with that assessment, and what are the Government doing to work with our international partners to reduce that threat both in the region and here at home?
The threat of Hamas, which my right hon.
Friend sets out very clearly, is undoubtedly true.
It is part of Israel’s legitimate position that it can exercise its right to self-defence and go after the dreadful terrorists who perpetrated that awful act.
Thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed and thousands more wounded in this conflict over the past month.
As the ground operation and bombing campaign intensifies, as encircled hospitals run out of power and medicine, as babies are left to die outside their incubators, and as more than 2 million Palestinians remain trapped in a never-ending humanitarian nightmare, does the Minister agree that the international community must protect civilians?
If he does, why will the Government not join me in pressing for an immediate ceasefire to end the bloodshed, allow desperately needed aid to reach those most in need, and create space for meaningful negotiations and a peaceful resolution?
The hon.
Gentleman speaks with great passion and eloquence on this matter in the House.
I can do no better than repeat what the Prime Minister said last night in his speech at Mansion House.
He said that Israel “must take all possible measures to protect innocent civilians, including at hospitals”.
My right hon.
Friend and his shadow have spoken of hospitals.
I have to tell him that there is now video evidence of suicide vests, rocket-propelled grenades, motorcycles used to kidnap Israelis to Gaza, nappies, and chairs with rope to hold hostages being found in the basement of the Al-Rantisi Hospital in Gaza.
The hospital was obviously used by Hamas as a command centre and is believed to have held Israeli hostages.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that using hospitals in this way as places to imprison hostages and keep weapons is an outrageous breach of international law?
Yes.
Gaza was facing a humanitarian crisis before  7 October .
The Government cut funding to UNRWA from £50 million to £10 million.
The clock is ticking.
Hospitals are running out of fuel, food and water supplies are almost depleted, and until a large-scale humanitarian operation is in place, many more people will needlessly die.
Will the Minister update us on what progress the Government have made to secure a humanitarian resolution through the UN Security Council?
We are working night and day for humanitarian access.
On the subject of support for UNRWA, we increased aid very substantially, as the  hon.
Lady knows, before  7 October .
Since then, we have allocated £30 million of humanitarian aid and we will do more if it is required.
Several hundred of my constituents have written to me deeply concerned about the loss of civilian life and wanting the fighting to stop, which we all want.
Last week, my right hon.
Friend called for Israel to take measures to protect civilians.
I said that we needed to see Israel take such measures, but civilians have continued to die, especially in hospitals.
Please can he double down on that request to Israel to take measures to protect civilians?
Mr Speaker, if I may, in the meantime in Sudan— Order.
I have asked everybody to be brief so that other people can get in.
We should not be driven by self-centred behaviour.
My right hon.
Friend makes a most important humanitarian point and she may rest assured that the Government are seized of it.
France’s President Macron has called for a ceasefire, joining other European nations such as Spain, Norway, Portugal and Ireland, as well as the UN Secretary-General.
Securing a negotiated ceasefire—one that is binding on all sides—will require a huge diplomatic effort, so is it not time for our Government to add their weight to the push for a ceasefire, rather than dismissing out of hand a proposal that has growing international support?
The hon.
Member will know that, in order to have a ceasefire, we need both parties to agree to it.
Hamas have made it absolutely clear that they are not interested in a ceasefire.
They made it clear that they want to repeat the actions of  7 October .
I believe the right position is to press for pauses.
That is the position of the Government and of the official Opposition.
I understand that just four Conservative Members have visited Israel since  7 October : the Prime Minister, the former Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Secretary, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Goole (Andrew Percy)  and me.
Last week, when I was there, I did see evidence of humanitarian protection by the IDF forces.
I also saw videos and photographs of the things that happened in some of the kibbutzim, and they were, quite simply, crimes against humanity.
Does the Minister agree that there is no moral equivalence between Hamas and the sovereign independent state of Israel?
Yes, I completely agree with what my hon.
Friend has said.
He should know that the Prime Minister and other members of the Government have been in continuous contact with Prime Minister Netanyahu, including by holding frequent conversations and discussions.
However, I have to say that it would be helpful if all those calling for Israel to protect hospitals would also call on Hamas to vacate the hospitals and stop using civilians as human shields.
Today, Alon-Lee Green, the director of Standing Together, the largest cross-community organisation in Israel, posted a video of a soldier in Gaza saying: “I’m on the beach in Gaza, in Gush Katif.
I’m safe.
I’m happy.
Me and my friends conquered Beit Lahia, Al Atatra and Sulatin and we’re moving on and we’re gonna conquer the rest of Gaza.
I’m safe.
I’m happy.
I’m enjoying the big opportunity of my lifetime.
I love you all
and I couldn’t be happier to be where I am—doing God’s work.”
Alon-Lee Green said: “What’s going on in Gaza does not only go against the Palestinian interest, it goes also against my peoples’ interest, the Jewish Israeli interest.”
Also today, we had Danny Danon, a Likud member and former ambassador, and Ram Ben Barak, a Yesh Atid opposition member, say that Israel should expel all Palestinians from Gaza.
What are we doing to restrain the Israeli Government and commentators?
We have always made it clear to Israel that we are its closest possible friend, but friends give candid advice and do not always say what people want to hear.
The British Government will continue—with, I believe, the strong support of this House—to make the right points to the Israeli Government, and we are able to do so because of our extremely close alliance and friendship with them.
The human misery and death on both sides, Israeli and Palestinian, are the worst I have witnessed since I became a Member of this House, and they will be solved only by a long-term political solution.
Will my right hon.
Friend, with whom I totally agree, explain what the British Government are doing in strategic planning to bring about a two-state solution?
There is an immense amount of work going on about how we get to the point where we can achieve that.
As I set out in my statement, there is no alternative to the two-state solution, and all interested parties should get behind that.
I had a dreadful 40-hour labour when giving birth to my first child, but I still consider myself lucky: I had medicine, water, electricity and a functioning hospital.
The 180 women giving birth in Gaza do not have those things.
There is a report of a pregnant Palestinian woman who had horrific injuries from shelling and who then had an emergency C-section performed without electricity.
I know the Minister will think that that is unacceptable, but what is he actually doing to ensure that hospitals and pregnant women are protected by international law?
We are speaking out in every way we can to try to protect vulnerable citizens.
I quote what President Joe Biden said yesterday in an Oval Office address.
He said that Al-Shifa Hospital “must be protected” and that “it is my…expectation that there will be less intrusive action”.
Israel has made it clear that it has clashed with Hamas nearby, but has not fired on the hospitals themselves.