I think these claims have been addressed by the Mayor, and I will not have anything further to say about them.
What fiscal steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support households in fuel poverty.
The Government have taken significant action to help households with rising energy prices and the costs of living by providing one of the largest packages of support in Europe, totalling £94 billion.
Orkney and Shetland have the worst rates of fuel poverty of anywhere in the country.
Provisional figures show that, for last winter, both Orkney and Shetland recorded record levels of winter mortality.
In his new office, will the Minister bring his colleagues together from across Government to hear from agencies such as THAW—Tackling Household Affordable Warmth —in Orkney that are working to tackle fuel poverty, because if we can tackle fuel poverty in Orkney and Shetland, we can tackle fuel poverty?
We are incredibly sympathetic to the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents, who have suffered a very difficult time.
That is why we introduced the energy price guarantee, which will remain in place until March 2024 as a safety net.
We continue to engage with lots of stakeholders and we are very happy to include the ones he suggests.
What steps his Department is taking to support homeowners with their mortgages.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes in mortgage interest rates over the course of this Parliament on household incomes.
The path to lower mortgage rates, as everybody in this House knows, is through lower inflation, which is why the Prime Minister and the Chancellor made halving inflation one of our five priorities for this year.
The latest Bank of England forecast shows that we are on track for that.
In June, lenders representing more than 90% of the mortgage market agreed to our new mortgage charter, which includes new flexibilities to help customers manage their repayments, backed up by UK Finance’s advertising campaign encouraging anyone worried about their repayments to contact their lender.
Does the Minister agree that the best way we can help the next generation of homeowners is to increase the supply of homes, bring back the help to buy ISA and stop the 35-year mortgage shared-ownership models, which only increase house prices?