Last month, the Chancellor’s National Infrastructure Commission said that in order to unlock the billions of pounds of private investment that is available to get our economy growing, we need a Government who can “make good decisions, fast.”
Why does the Chancellor think his Government have been making bad decisions slowly for quite so long?
It might help the hon.
Gentleman if I tell him some of the facts on infrastructure.
Since we made some reforms to the asset pooling framework in 2015, UK and global infrastructure investment by pension funds has grown from £1 billion to around £27 billion, and the Solvency 2 reforms could potentially unlock a further £100 billion-worth of investment.
That, Mr Speaker, was a list of very slow decisions still being badly taken.
The Labour party has a raft of plans available to help drive economic growth and investment in every corner of our country, from speeding up the grid to accelerating planning for critically important infrastructure.
Today, I am making them available to the Chancellor for free.
Would he like them, or would he rather call a general election?
Unfortunately, nothing is free from the Labour party.
Funding plans by increasing borrowing by £28 billion a year leads to higher bills for families, higher energy prices and higher mortgages.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage pension schemes to invest in the UK.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage pension schemes to invest in the UK.
While we are basking in those questions, would somebody like to answer them?
In my speech at Mansion House in July, I announced reforms to boost pensions, increase investment in UK businesses, and improve UK capital market competitiveness.
Those reforms could result in over £1,000 a year of additional retirement income and unlock £75 billion-worth of investment in high-growth businesses.
Many local authorities have given the investment managers for their pension funds a mandate to invest in infrastructure.
What plans does my right hon.
Friend have to encourage greater infrastructure investment by UK public sector pension funds?