A short time after the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen), said he was “alarmed” by the amount of tax people are paying, he was out of a job.
Was he sacked for highlighting the Government’s tax burden, the highest for 70 years?
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  did an excellent job and we all salute his brilliant work.
If he were here now, he would remind the hon.
Gentleman that we have the lowest tax burden of any European country in the G7.
I know that the Chancellor is aware of just how important the whisky industry is to the economy of rural Scotland.
It was very disappointing that the policy of a duty freeze was not continued in the Budget.
Can he offer any reassurance that we will return to the policy of duty freeze in the autumn statement, and in next year’s Budget?
We are incredibly supportive of the Scotch whisky industry.
In fact, the Scotch Whisky Association was my first meeting in post.
In nine out of 10 previous fiscal events we either cut or froze duty on whisky, and we have acted to remove punitive tariffs on Scotch whisky in the US market.
It will not be a surprise to my right hon.
Friend that all taxes remain under review and he will not have long to wait until the next fiscal event.
Banks are taking advantage of higher interest rates to make bumper profits.
A new poll shows that people have had enough, with big support for a one-off windfall tax on bank profits, yet the Government have chosen to slash the surcharge on bank profits.
Is it not time for a windfall tax on excess bank profits to help people who are hit hard by this crisis?
There are two things I would say in response to that.
First, it is important, when we talk about banks, that we have a globally broadly competitive tax regime, and we do not apologise for that in the Treasury.
Secondly, the hon.
Gentleman should bear in mind that the reduction he talks about in terms of the levy on banks was offset by rising corporation tax.