The NHS dental plan has been stuck in the Treasury for months, while my constituents are waiting years to see an NHS dentist.
When the Chancellor makes his autumn statement, will he also release the dental plan with the funding that is required so that we can get dental treatment back on track for our constituents?
I will not pre-empt what I am going to say next week, but I will say to the hon.
Lady that, as a former Health Secretary, I am well aware of the pressures on NHS dentistry and its importance to all our constituents.
Given that inheritance tax is the least popular of all taxes at every income decile and that scrapping it would not be inflationary,
will my right hon.
Friend consider doing so?
That was a very nice try, but my hon.
Friend will have to wait for a week.
Opt-out savings are a little like auto-enrolment in pensions.
They help those on lower incomes to save for a crisis—for the proverbial rainy day.
Given that more than 9 million people in this country are in work with no savings at all, will the Chancellor note the impressive results of a small trial of the opt-out savings system in Manchester, and encourage its expansion?
I would be happy to do that.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: if we are to grow faster as an economy, the other side of the coin is we that need to save more, and we should be encouraging everyone in all income groups to do so.
Will my right hon.
Friend seek to fix the anomaly that sees man-made fully synthetic fuels taxed at the same rate as their fossil equivalents?
I shall be happy to look into that issue in detail and get back to my hon.
Friend.
Yesterday in the House, in the context of Labour’s plan for a health service, the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions referred to the “poor old non-doms”.
Does the Chancellor agree with his colleague that people who live in this country but do not pay their taxes here can be accurately described as poor?
Because we attract wealth creators from all over the world—and this may be uncomfortable for those on the Opposition Benches—we generate huge amounts of tax revenue.
Financial services pay for half the cost of running the NHS.
I am in favour of getting everyone to pay their fair share of tax, but I will not make reforms that mean less tax revenue for the NHS.