The Minister said last week that the Government support the independence of the International Criminal Court, as does the Labour party, but he failed to answer whether the Government recognise its jurisdiction to address the conduct of all parties in Gaza.
As Prime Minister, Boris Johnson rejected that jurisdiction and attacked the court.
Labour recognises the ICC’s jurisdiction.
Can the Minister clarify his Government’s position today?
Gaza is in a humanitarian catastrophe.
More than 1.5 million people have been displaced, and there are desperate shortages of basic essentials.
Does the Minister agree that the short pauses in the north are clearly not enough?
Gazans need aid now.
They need medicine now.
They need water now.
They need food now.
They need fuel now.
A full, comprehensive and immediate humanitarian pause in fighting across the whole of Gaza is needed now to alleviate Palestinian suffering and in order for Hamas terrorists to release the hostages.
Hamas’s stated aim is to wipe Israel off the map.
They committed the most brutal attack on Jews since the holocaust and now they are using innocent Palestinians as human shields.
I would like to register my shock that not every Member of this House can say this truth: Hamas are terrorists.
We must not give up on the narrow openings that keep the prospect of peace alive.
That means preventing escalation, condemning violence from settlers in the west bank, condemning rocket attacks on Israel from Iran’s proxies in Lebanon and elsewhere, and creating a future where Gaza is not subject to occupation.
Meanwhile, international diplomacy evolves and the facts on the ground are changing day to day, in relation to both hostages being rescued and Hamas’s capability to carry out attacks such as we saw on  7 October .
As the Leader of the Opposition set out to Chatham House, we must move to a full “cessation of fighting as quickly as possible...the reality is that neither the long-term security of Israel nor long-term justice for Palestine can be delivered by bombs and bullets.”
We must seek a path to a political process that leads to two states, a secure Israel and an independent Palestine.