The Minister is right to highlight the appalling loss of life in Gaza, particularly among children and aid workers.
Sadly, there is little sign of that ending soon as the bombardment intensifies.
He is also right to say that a humanitarian crisis is unfolding.
A couple of weeks ago, I asked the previous Secretary of State whether he had been made aware, or had reasonable grounds to believe, that Israel had breached international humanitarian law in its response to the atrocities of  7 October .
He steadfastly refused to answer that question, so I ask the Minister the same question.
If he has, what representations has he made to the Israeli Government and what response has he had?
There can only be a political solution to this crisis, and one has to be found before the entire region is engulfed.
That is why a ceasefire is essential: to end the unprecedented levels of killing and destruction, allow full humanitarian access, secure the release of the hostages and find a political solution that does not include Hamas.
Four-hour pauses are not the answer.
Can we expect the new Foreign Secretary to change tack and support our calls for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire, so that there is space for that political solution to be found?
Tomorrow, the House should have an opportunity to show its support for a ceasefire.
I and every one of my SNP colleagues will be there to support an immediate ceasefire, and I would expect Labour party Members from Scotland to be in the Lobby with us.
Without justice, there can be no peace, this horrific cycle of violence will continue and more Israeli and Palestinian lives will be lost.
The hon.
Gentleman underlines the loss of life and the causes of it.
He knows our position on a ceasefire—it is a position shared by Members on the Opposition Front Bench—and he also knows the absolute commitment we have to try to drive forward pauses.
They must be safe pauses for the delivery of humanitarian relief, but he knows of our commitment on that.
The hon.
Gentleman asks me about humanitarian law.
Robert Mardini, the director general of the International Committee of the Red Cross, has made clear that Gaza hospitals, treating hundreds of wounded people, cannot be targeted under any circumstances.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the ICRC is the guardian of international humanitarian law and the Geneva convention, and Robert Mardini has said: “Hospitals are to be absolutely protected at all times.”
Finally, the hon.
Gentleman makes a point about a political solution.
I draw his attention to my final comments in my statement, about how we have to focus on that and on the two-state solution, and about the need for hope and opportunity to drive forward the politics in this dreadful situation.
rose— Order.
I expect to allow questions on the statement to run for about an hour, but because there are so many of the same Members wishing to speak in the debate on the King’s Speech, I hope we can have short questions and speedy answers.
As my right hon.
Friend has said, following the unprovoked slaughter of its citizens, Israel has a right to pursue and destroy the terrorist forces.
It is terrible that the ordinary citizens of Gaza are paying the price for this, as Hamas would have known, but even if Israel is able to degrade and destroy the Hamas forces, the Hamas mindset will remain—a Hamas mindset that is funded and supported by Iran.
Iran does not want there to be peace between Arab states and Israel because the Iranian regime does not want Israel to exist.
When will the Government take firmer measures?
Members from across the House have asked when the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, for example, will be proscribed and we have never been given a good reason why it is not.
What is the answer?
I hear what he says about the IRGC, and I know that he has already been in contact with the Foreign Secretary on exactly that point.
I hope he will accept that we do not carry on a running commentary on issues such as proscription, but the House and the Foreign Secretary have heard what he said.
I am still not clear whether the right hon.
Gentleman agrees with Labour that the ICC has jurisdiction over the conduct of all parties in Gaza.
If he does, then that is a very welcome change from the position of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.
Will he clarify that?
I repeat what I said last week.
It is not for Ministers to seek to state where the ICC has jurisdiction; that is for the chief prosecutor.
The chief prosecutor has not been silent on this matter, and I am sure he will continue to express his views.
Whether we like it or not, Israel will carry on fighting until it has established control of the area from which it was attacked.
The question that then arises is what happens next.
If Israel simply withdraws, Hamas will reappear.
At least one moderate Arab state believes that a two-state solution will have to be imposed and policed.
Are the Government giving thought as to who might carry out that job?
Otherwise, the outcome that they want—a two-state solution—is wholly impracticable.
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right about that, and entirely right that Israel has an absolute right of self-defence in this matter.
On the options to which he alludes, I can assure him that a great deal of thought is going on, not only in Britain but across the region and elsewhere.
A lasting peace and a two-state solution is the only way to guarantee dignity and security for both Palestinians and Israelis.
Hamas, a terrorist organisation, cannot be part of that, but a month after their contemptable attack on Israel, it is clear that a military solution is not working.
It is not removing Hamas, and instead we have the humanitarian catastrophe to which the Minister referred.
Does he agree that the way to achieve that peace and a two-state solution is to back a political solution with an immediate bilateral ceasefire, explicitly contingent on both parties adhering to it, so that if one party breaks the ceasefire, a military operation remains on the table?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right about the importance of a political solution.
She knows the position of the Government and Members on the Opposition Front Bench on the issue of ceasefires, but I hope she will draw some comfort from the emphasis on extended pauses that we are now seeing.
On the politics, I remind her that the great progress that was made at Oslo, which brought things so tantalisingly close, took place on the back of the first intifada.
Every right thinking person wants to see an end to fighting and a durable peace for Palestinians and Israelis, but Hamas have made absolutely clear that there will be no such peace so long as the state of Israel continues to  exist.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a bit more about what has been happening at the Al-Shifa Hospital and other hospitals in Gaza?
Has he seen the reports and the footage circulating of Hamas fighters using those hospitals as bases for operations, putting civilians’ lives at risk?
My right hon.
Friend, who knows a great deal about these matters, is correct.
Hamas have made clear that they do not seek a ceasefire and indeed seek to repeat the awful events of  7 October .
As far as the Al-Shifa Hospital is concerned, he, like me, will have seen the horrific pictures on television last night, and I referred specifically to the awful effects on babies that were displayed.
Recently, several United Nations experts gave a dire warning to the world, stating they believed that “the Palestinian people are at grave risk of genocide”, and that the time is now “running out” to prevent such a tragedy.
Furthermore, they made it clear that Israel’s allies share the responsibility for that and must act now to prevent a genocide from taking place.
Given those warnings, will the Minister finally stand with 76% of the British public and call for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza?
We will continue to focus on the importance of humanitarian pauses, but also try to make sure that, when the opportunity of a pause presents itself, we are able to get critical humanitarian supplies to those in desperate need.
Away from the horror of Israel and Gaza, there is an unfolding tragedy on the west bank, with the killing of well over 100, getting on for 200, Palestinians by settlers and the Israel Defence Forces.
In his statement, my right hon.
Friend rightly urged Israel to provide protection from them.
If the state of Israel declines to do so and the killings continue, would he consider the intervention of a UN peacekeeping force to keep the peace in that part of the world?
We have condemned the settler violence without qualification.
On the work of the United Nations, there will be many opportunities in the future, I hope, and we will neglect none of them.
I share what the Minister has said about the humanitarian tragedy that we are witnessing all the time on our televisions.
We must try to unlock a process towards peace, and the issue of the hostages is key to that.
What steps has he taken so far and what further steps will be taken by the new Foreign Secretary to ensure that the hostages are brought home?
I really believe that that could unlock the route to peace.