It is good to be addressing an elected Minister this morning.
The consumer organisation Which? has described Tesco and Sainsbury’s as committing “dodgy” practices over food prices and loyalty schemes, and Marks & Spencer has just posted record profits on food sales, yet people up and down the nations of the UK are struggling to pay their food bills.
Will the Chancellor tell us which supermarkets he has held to account over rising food prices?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that we had the supermarkets in over the summer to make sure that they were doing everything they could to bear down on food price inflation.
However, the correct way for politicians to look at this is at arm’s length.
We have the independent Competition and Markets Authority, which does a rigorous job and often does things that politicians disagree with, and it is looking at the issue right now.
In Canada, Ministers met the five largest grocery chains to get commitments on stabilising food prices.
Other Governments are doing similar things.
France’s Finance Minister held extensive talks with the food industry to get it to commit to freezing or cutting prices on 5,000 everyday products.
Is it not the case that, for people facing crushing food bills in Scotland and across the nations of the UK, this Westminster Government are doing absolutely nothing?
I think £94 billion of support to help families up and down the country, including with food prices and energy prices, is a rather different answer from saying that we are doing nothing.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support the growth of the energy sector.
Since March 2021, the Government have committed a total of £30 billion in public investment for the green industrial revolution.
Since then, the Chancellor has announced £6 billion for clean heat and improving energy efficiency, and £20 billion for carbon capture, usage and storage.
Alongside the launch of Great British Nuclear and the small modular reactor competition, the Government have also invested £1 billion in Sizewell C.
According to a recent survey, 90% of North sea oil and gas operators have reduced spending since the energy profits levy was introduced.
I therefore welcome recent announcements on new North sea licences and the announcement before the summer of the energy security investment mechanism, by which the EPL will be removed when appropriate.
Can my hon.
Friend tell me when we can expect a response to the consultation on the ESIM and what plans this Government have to legislate for the mechanism?
Will he meet me to discuss how investor confidence in our home-grown industry can be assured further?
Introducing the price floor for the oil and gas industry comes from the principle that, while it is right that oil and gas companies pay a higher share of tax during exceptional times, it is also right that when prices fall to normal levels, so do their tax rates.
That is why we introduced the price floor in June and we have extensively engaged with the industry since then.
I know that legislating will provide some certainty; we are looking carefully at that and will respond soon.
I will always be happy to meet with my hon.
Friend.
The Labour party and the Co-operative party have set out a shared ambition for more community-owned energy.
That is not new: in Denmark, 52% of wind energy is community owned, and in Germany half of all onshore wind is community owned.
Will the Government do far more to join that ambition of community-owned energy here in Britain?
We have ambitious plans for energy generation and our energy security.
We want to bring communities with us, and we look at all options as we do so.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of introducing a wealth tax.
Of course, the UK does not have a single wealth tax, but it does have several taxes on wealth and assets, and those generate substantial revenues.
The Government are committed to keeping taxes low so that working people keep more of what they earn.
The Government’s approach to delivering fiscal sustainability is underpinned by fairness, with those on the highest incomes paying a larger share.
But the burden of tax is increasingly falling on working people’s incomes, while the richest 50 families in the UK have alone accumulated a combined wealth equivalent to that of half the population.
Research from the University of Greenwich shows that a wealth tax could generate £70 billion for much-needed public services, so will the Government at least put forward a commission to investigate the matter and introduce a fair taxation policy?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Lady is lobbying me or Opposition Front Benchers with her comments, but she will be well aware that we do have a progressive tax system in the UK.
It is important to remember that the top 5% of taxpayers are projected to pay nearly half of all income tax in 2023-24; and the top 1% as much as 28%.
Compared with what we inherited from Labour in 2010, when the top 1% of income tax payers paid 25% and the top 5% paid 43%, the tax system is fairer and more progressive under the Conservatives.
Those who live in homes with driveways pay just 5% VAT when they charge their cars from their home electricity, but those who live in terraced houses have to pay 20% VAT to charge commercially.
Given that those who live in terraced houses are often less wealthy, will the Minister, whom I congratulate on his new role, meet me and other members of the Conservative Environment Network to look at how we might level out that anomaly?
My right hon.
Friend is a great champion of such issues in her constituency and beyond.
I am aware that she has already spoken to the Chancellor about this issue, but I would be delighted, as always, to meet her and discuss it further.
The Government have done a lot to raise personal allowances, for which our party has advocated for many years.
However, given that that is an improvement for people at the bottom end of the income scale, will the Treasury now turn its view towards hard-working, middle-income families, who also want a reduction in their tax burden?
We appreciate the support for taking 3 million of the lowest-paid people out of paying income tax altogether since 2010—an important and significant change.
I understand the hon.
Gentleman’s comments, but I cannot comment further, especially this close to a fiscal event.