My right hon.
Friend is a brilliant advocate on these issues, and of course I would be delighted to meet him.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of food inflation.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of food inflation.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of food inflation.
UK food inflation has been driven largely by global factors and has already fallen from 19.6% to 12.3%, and external forecasts expect it to continue to fall.
Between March 2021 and April 2023, the cost of first infant formula increased by 24%, on average, with the cheapest formula on the market increasing by 45%.
That is an absolute catastrophe for families who rely on infant formula, but a bonanza for the formula companies, which are making significant profits out of this.
Can the Chancellor tell me why he believes it is right for companies to profit while families struggle to feed their babies?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to draw attention to the pressures on families caused by very high food inflation in a number of areas, but I can tell her that the Competition and Markets Authority, which undertook a review of the groceries sector earlier  this year, has not yet found evidence that high food price inflation is being driven by weak competition.
But it is continuing its review and looking at the supply chain, and we will wait to hear what it says.
Recent research showed that the most significant decline in UK children’s height in the global ranking came after the UK coalition Government launched their austerity programme in 2010.
An expert in child growth rates at the Great Ormond Street Institute of Child Health said of that 30-place drop in ranking that austerity “has clobbered the height of children in the UK.”
What lessons has the Chancellor learned from the UK Government’s previous disastrous errors of judgment in this area, and how will he be supporting vulnerable groups in the future?
The lesson I have learned is straightforward: if we had not reduced the deficit by 80% between 2010 and the start of the pandemic, we would not have been able to help families across the United Kingdom with payments of more than £3,000, on average, including 700,000 households in Scotland and more than 1 million pensioners.
Even if the inflation rate is falling, food prices are still going up considerably.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation reckons that they have gone up at least twice as fast as the value of benefits since September 2021.
At the very least, can the Chancellor commit to ensuring that the Department for Work and Pensions has enough resource to raise benefits at least in line with September’s inflation rate?