It is important to recognise that in the eurozone, the United States and the UK there have been broadly similar increases in inflation and interest rates.
We as a Government are confident that our policies will bring those down in due course.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Scotland on the impact of increases in the cost of living on the Scottish economy.
We have announced UK-wide support for households, including cost of living payments, the energy price guarantee and the energy bills support scheme.
Taken together, support for households is worth £94 billion and is among the largest packages in Europe.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies recently reported that wages in Scotland have risen by 1.5% since 2015, compared with 5% in England.
In the face of a cost of living crisis brought about by the Conservative party’s disastrous mini-Budget, wages simply are not keeping up with the cost of living.
What can the Minister commit the Government to doing next to help make work pay?
Will she, for example, support Labour’s new deal for working people?
I was pleased to see this morning’s figures, which show that wages are going ahead of inflation.
This is very good news and I hope it spreads to Scotland.
Whether he plans to change the tax status of non-domiciled residents in the UK.
The Government want the UK to have a fair and internationally competitive tax system, designed to bring in talented individuals and investment that contributes to the growth of the UK economy.
Non-domiciled individuals play an important role in funding our public services through their taxation contributions, and they pay UK tax on their UK source income and gains in the same way as everybody else.
The non-dom tax status allows people to dodge millions in taxes.
Germany, France and Canada have closed their non-dom tax loopholes.
Can the Minister explain to taxpayers in Plymouth and across the country why he thinks it is fair that people who live here do not pay their taxes here?
As I said in the answer I gave some moments ago, non-dom taxpayers make a significant contribution to UK tax, worth £8.5 billion in 2021-22, with £7 billion more invested.
The City, for example, pays half the cost of the NHS.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of trends in the level of mortgage interest rates.
The Government’s mortgage charter is providing support to vulnerable households, and arrears and repossessions remain at historic lows.
Government support has helped real household incomes rise by 2.7% year on year in the latest data.
With the economy flatlining and interest rates remaining at 5.25% and more than likely to remain above 5% next year, it simply follows that households’ disposable incomes will continue to be squeezed throughout 2024.
Surely the Chancellor agrees that mortgage interest tax relief must be reintroduced to support households facing high interest rates alongside inflation.
As the hon.
Member has already heard from the Chancellor, the economy is still growing.
The latest labour market data shows that incomes are going up at a higher rate than inflation, so I do not recognise the picture that he paints.
What assessment he has made of the financial position of households during winter 2023-24.
The Government continue to stand by households with one of Europe’s largest support packages, amounting to some £3,300 a household on average across 2022-23 and 2023-24.