My hon.
Friend, who I know very well—I have visited his constituency in a former life—makes very good points.
He is a doughty champion for Bexley.
He follows in the famous footsteps of James Brokenshire, who we all miss and who was my boss at the Home Office for a long period.
I am happy to discuss the issues he raises further.
He makes an interesting point about funding going in a particular way.
It would be wrong of me to make first-day commitments at the Dispatch Box, but I will take his point away and get officials to look at it with interest, and I am happy to discuss it further.
The hon.
Member for Putney set out the history of Hammersmith bridge in some detail.
She is right that it is a grade II listed suspension bridge, opened in 1887, and has served generations of Londoners very well for some considerable time.
However, there are a few of her points with which I would gently take issue.
First, let us go to the basics: the bridge is not owned by the Government; it is owned by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
It is not the responsibility of the Government.
Even if people had listened to quite a lot of the speech, they may not have picked that up.
The responsibility for maintaining the bridge and making decisions on its repair lies with the borough.
It is unfortunate that the bridge had to close, first to motor vehicles in 2019 and then to all users in 2020.
The reason, as we know, was that the safety of those using the bridge was deemed to be of the utmost priority.
The assertion was made that the Government have done nothing.
I respectfully invite the hon.
Lady to accept that the Government have provided nearly £10 million of funding to support the London borough, to ensure that there is remedial work and assistance on an ongoing basis.
I set that out to try to correct the record.
Following the complete closure of the bridge in 2020, the DfT provided £4 million of taxpayers’ money, which enabled a comprehensive investigation into the overall structure and condition of the bridge.
Through this investment, world-leading engineers worked to develop a complete picture of the issues that faced the bridge.
The works determined the bridge to be in better condition than first feared, leading to the bridge reopening on a temporary and controlled basis to pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic.
The Department for Transport has worked closely with the London Borough of Hammersmith  and Fulham and with Transport for London to help facilitate the reopening of the bridge to all users.
In that vein, DfT established the Hammersmith bridge taskforce, which was led by the Transport Minister, Baroness Vere, as the hon.
Lady outlined.
The taskforce was set up in 2019 and has had many, many meetings—well over 15—since, and it was instrumental in providing a forum for interested stakeholders to work together to develop a clear course of action to resolve the immediate safety concerns around the bridge.
I know the hon.
Lady has called for a further meeting of the taskforce.
I want to try to address that.
I assure her that when we are in a position to hold a further taskforce meeting, it will be to discuss issues of significance or change for the project, therefore ensuring that it remains a good use of stakeholders’ time.
However, she will be aware that we have been waiting for the business case to be submitted and that is clearly the key part.
The commitment to this project by the DFT has not stopped at the initial £4 million support provided to the authority.
In the most recent TfL extraordinary funding and financing settlement of August 2022, we committed to funding up to one third of the costs shared with the borough and TfL of reopening the bridge to pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic, and then, depending on costs, to buses and motor vehicles.
The first part of this commitment has already been delivered.
In March 2022, the Department for Transport approved the business case from the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham for the stabilisation works on the bridge, which in turn triggered the release of a further £3 million of Government funding.
These works will ensure that the bridge remains open to pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic permanently, with no risk of further temporary closures due to unsafe conditions.
I am pleased to say that those works are due to complete very early in the new year and will provide certainty to the pedestrians and cyclists of Barnes, Hammersmith, Fulham, Richmond and beyond that this link across the Thames will remain open.
Most recently, as all parties will be aware, the Department for Transport provided the borough with a further £2.5 million for the crucial geotechnical investigations now being carried out at Hammersmith bridge, which will pave the way for the next stage of the works.
This brings the total amount of Government funding to the bridge to date of up to nearly £10 million.
That is exceptional funding.
The next stage of the project is to strengthen the core and renovate other structurally significant parts of the bridge.
The strengthening phase of engineering works will build on stabilisation works and, upon completion, will allow the bridge to reopen to all users.
That should include buses and motor vehicles.
Following close co-operation with TfL and the Department, the borough has now developed and submitted a His Majesty’s Treasury Green Book outline business case for the second stage of the works to the Department for Transport, setting out the estimated cost range for strengthening the bridge.
The Department is reviewing that outline business case in great detail.
It was submitted in on  23 April , as I understand it, so clearly that is an ongoing process.
The hon.
Member for Putney asked about the HS2 project and the funding related to it, but no decisions have been made regarding reallocation of funds.
The hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney)  also raised the local implementation plan.
It is true that Transport for London provides formula funding to London boroughs for transport projects, but its budget for bridge projects is just over £2 million, to be shared between 33 boroughs.
That is obviously insufficient to fund this project.
I wish to inform the House that I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) , informing me of his resignation as Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
I therefore declare the Chair vacant.
I will announce the arrangements for the election of a new Chair in due course.
I would also like to draw Members’ attention to the fact that the book for entering the private Members’ Bills ballot is now open.
It will be open until the House rises today and while the House is sitting tomorrow.
The book will be available for Members to sign in the No Lobby until 6 pm on both days, at which point it will be taken to the Public Bill Office and will remain open for signatures until the rise of the House.
The ballot itself will be drawn at 9 am this Thursday, in Committee Room 15.
An announcement setting out these and other arrangements, and the dates when the ten-minute rule motions can be made and presentation Bills introduced, has been published in the Order Paper.
We now come to questions to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
May I welcome the new ministerial team as a whole, rather than going through each of them individually?
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential impact of maintaining the pensions triple lock on the economy.
As a result of the Government’s triple lock, the basic state pension is now more than 50% higher in cash terms than it was in 2011.
The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions is undertaking his review at the moment, and I cannot pre-empt that.
Now that Lord Cameron has returned to the Cabinet, it is probably a good time for us to remember that the pensions triple lock was a Liberal Democrat initiative.
The 2010 Liberal Democrat manifesto said: “We will uprate the state pension annually by whichever is the higher of growth in earnings, growth in prices or 2.5 per cent.”
Given that the triple lock has now been operational for more than a decade, will the Chancellor and his team commit to putting the triple lock in the next manifesto?
Nice try.
The triple lock was a Conservative invention, delivered by the Conservatives, and it is something to which we remain committed.