Title: COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION'S PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
179

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF

TRANSPORTATION'S PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION

HON.
RICK LARSEN

Mr. LARSEN of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate

the twentieth anniversary of the Department of Transportation's

Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).
On June 10, 1999, a pipeline leak caused a massive explosion in my

district in Bellingham, Washington.
The rupture released more than a

quarter million gallons of gasoline into Whatcom Creek.
The gasoline

ignited, sending a fireball racing down the creek that killed two 10-

year-old boys and an 18-year-old young man.
The two boys, Stephen

Tsiorvas and Wade King, were playing in a creek near their homes on an

idyllic summer day, and the young man, Liam Wood, had just graduated

from high school and was fly-fishing for trout.
The American people, including my constituents in response to the

tragic Bellingham incident, justifiably raised safety concerns that

there was not enough federal oversight of pipelines and hazardous

materials.
In response, Congress created PHMSA within the Department of

Transportation in 2004 to do just that, as part of the Norman Y. Mineta

Research and Special Programs Improvement Act, which was signed into

law on November 30, 2004.
Twenty years after the 2004 creation of this new modal administration

specifically focused on pipeline and hazardous materials transportation

safety, PHMSA continues its work.
This includes overseeing $1 billion

in pipeline safety grants as part of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law

so communities can repair or replace aging, leak-prone natural gas

pipeline infrastructure while creating jobs, reducing methane emissions

and keeping communities safe.
Last December, the Transportation & Infrastructure Committee passed a

bipartisan pipeline safety reauthorization bill to ensure PHMSA and

state pipeline safety inspectors have the resources they need.
This

legislation increases transparency and accountability from pipeline

operators and supports emerging technology in pipelines, including for

carbon dioxide and hydrogen.
I am grateful for PHMSA's two decades of work and the agency's

ongoing commitment to protecting people and the environment by

advancing the safe transportation of energy and other hazardous

materials that are essential to daily life.
In the 119th Congress, I look forward to a bipartisan effort to

reauthorize the work of PHMSA's Office of Pipeline Safety, as we have

for the past two decades.
More work remains, including ensuring first

responders have the training they need to address accidents and

incidents where hazardous materials are released whether that is by

pipeline, rail, or any other mode of transportation.
Safety is a need

in every community in every Congressional District and in my role in

the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I will continue to

work to reach common ground to enhance safety for all Americans.
I

thank PHMSA for its ongoing work to do the same.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR CHARLES E. RICHMOND II

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Charles

E. Richmond II of Rockwall, Texas, and award him a Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
Lieutenant Richmond honorably served in the

United States Army for over twenty years, both in an Active Duty role

and as a reservist.
Lieutenant Richmond began his distinguished career in the United

States Army, where he served with honor and distinction.
During his

time serving our country, he demonstrated exceptional leadership,

strategic thinking, and a deep commitment to the values that define the

Army--loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and

personal courage.
Over the course of his military service, Lieutenant

Richmond participated in numerous assignments, missions, and

operations, always prioritizing the safety and well-being of his fellow

soldiers and the nation he swore to defend.