EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to

Commissioner Janet Weir Creighton for her service as a Stark County

Commissioner, and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for

the people of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of

Champions.''
I have appreciated her partnership as we worked together

to expand opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has

bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service.
Throughout her 40 years in public service, she has proven to be a true

advocate and leader.
She led by example through her perseverance,

compassion, and dedication in her role in the community and those she

served.
As a woman in a position of influence, and sometimes the first woman

in her various roles throughout her career, she has undoubtedly

inspired the coming generation of young women to stand strong for what

they believe in and strive for positions of leadership.
For her outstanding devotion, she has earned the respect and esteem

of many, and in the wake of her departure, I know her numerous

contributions will not be forgotten I am confident that her fine

character and decisive leadership will be sorely missed.
As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish

her all the best in her future endeavors.
Again, on behalf of Ohio's

13th Congressional District, I would like to thank Commissioner Janet

Weir Creighton for her commitment to the people of Stark County and to

Northeast Ohio.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, December 5, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

DECEMBER 10

10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine mass deportations.
2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Coast Guard.
DECEMBER 11

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine consumer protection, focusing

on protecting workers' money and fighting for the

dignity of work.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Communications, Media, and Broadband

To hold hearings to examine communications networks

safety and security.