His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has

bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service.
Throughout his time in office, he proved to be a true public servant

and leader.
He led by example through his perseverance, compassion, and

dedication to his role in the community.
As he goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish

him all the best in his future endeavors.
On behalf of Ohio's 13th

Congressional District, I thank him for his commitment to the people of

Stark County and Northeast Ohio.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JUDGE PATRICIA DELANEY

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to

Judge Patricia Delaney for her service on the 5th District Court of

Appeals, and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for the

people of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of

Champions.''
I have appreciated her partnership as we worked together

to expand opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
Her drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that she has

bettered countless lives as a result of her steadfast service.
Throughout her time in office, she proved to be a true public servant

and leader.
She led by example through her perseverance, compassion,

and dedication to her role in the community.
As she goes on to continue serving our community in new ways, I wish

her all the best in her future endeavors.
On behalf of Ohio's 13th

Congressional District, I thank her for her commitment to the people of

Northeast Ohio.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STAFF ASSISTANT AND LEGISLATIVE CORRESPONDENT, ZEHRA KHAN,

FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL

DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former Staff

Assistant and Legislative Correspondent, Zehra Khan, for her

work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional

District.
In August, Zehra departed my office for a new opportunity to

attend Columbia University Graduate School of Arts and Science for

Political Science, and I could not be more proud or grateful for her

service.
As a Minnesota District Three native, Zehra grew up in the district

she so proudly served.
After graduating from The Blake School, she

attended and graduated from the University of Minnesota earning her

Bachelor of Arts degree in political science.
Her public service spans

time working in State Legislative Offices and at the federal level.
Zehra has strong ties to her cultural identity and community.
She has a

passion for global women's issues, even serving as a delegate to the

68th UN Commission on The Status of Women.
Zehra's colleagues have had the honor of watching her evolve from a

shy intern to a confident, capable Staff Assistant during her time in

the office.
Equally adept with pop culture critiques and international

affairs analysis, Zehra has made our office both smarter and more

relevant.
Her deep roots in MN-03 allow her to both connect with

constituents and offer the best local restaurant recommendations.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she is dearly missed.
However,

we look forward to watching her succeed in graduate school and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STARK COUNTY COMMISSIONER JANET WEIR CREIGHTON

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to

Commissioner Janet Weir Creighton for her service as a Stark County

Commissioner, and my sincere gratitude for all that she has done for

the people of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of

Champions.''
I have appreciated her partnership as we worked together

to expand opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.