His work as part of the coalition underscored

his ability to work effectively in high-pressure, international

environments, providing crucial signals intelligence and operations

expertise in one of the most significant conflicts of our time.
Major Jay Wiley's legacy of service and leadership in the United

States Army is a testament to his dedication, skill, and loyalty.
His

contributions have made a lasting impact on our Nation's security and

on the lives of those with whom he served.
We honor his sacrifices and

accomplishments and express our heartfelt thanks for his years of

dedicated service to our country.
I am honored to represent Major Wiley in Texas' 4th Congressional

District.
It is a privilege to award him the Congressional Veteran

Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION FOR MARK RUSSELL

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Staff Sergeant

Mark Russell of Sherman, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
Staff Sergeant Russell honorably served in the United

States Air Force during the Vietnam war.
Staff Sergeant Russell trained in Radiology, Radiation Technology,

and medical physics.
During his time serving in the U.S. Air Force, he

was given the responsibility to open and establish a Radiation Oncology

treatment center to qualify the Wright-Patterson AFB as a comprehensive

cancer treatment center.
Additionally, he received the National Defense

Service Medal, the AFM 900-3, and a Sharp Shooter Badge for his service

in the U.S. Air Force.
Staff Sergeant Russell is a graduate of the Hobe Sound Bible College

in Florida, where he received a bachelor's degree in educational

administration in 1970.
He began working at the Wright-Patterson AFB

Medical Center's Radiation Oncology facility that same year while

completing postgraduate studies.
Staff Sergeant Russell later received

his Master of Science in Radiological Physics from Ohio State

University and a Master of Health Administration from Washington

University.
Throughout his extensive career, he has published numerous

studies on the topic of oncology and worked diligently to bring us one

step closer to defeating cancer.
From 2007 to 2012, Staff Sergeant

Russell served as the Director for Physics and Technology Services at

the Moffitt Cancer Center in Florida.
I am honored to represent Staff Sergeant Russell in Texas' 4th

Congressional district.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional

Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of

North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CAPTAIN ERIK E. ANDERSON

HON.
PETE STAUBER

Mr. STAUBER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the 50th birthday of

Captain Erik E. Anderson.
Captain Anderson was born on December 1, 1974.
Raised in Lafayette,

Louisiana, Captain Anderson graduated from the Rensselaer Polytechnic

Institute through the Naval Reserve Officers Training Corps in 1997

with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering.
He first

served aboard USS Hopper (DDG 70) from 1998 to 1999, completing the

ship's maiden deployment, a dry-docking availability, and surface

warfare officer qualification.
After serving on the USS Hopper, he completed the Naval Nuclear

Propulsion Program's nuclear pipeline training and reported to his

second division officer tour on USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN 71) from

2001 to 2003.
He completed the ship's ``Iron Man'' Cruise in support of

Operation Enduring Freedom and became a Nuclear Engineer Officer.
Captain Anderson was selected for shore duty at Naval Reactors'

Headquarters in Washington, DC, where he worked from 2003 to 2006 on

advanced technology Insertion projects for CVN 68 Class ships'

propulsion plant, preliminary designs for USS Gerald R Ford (CVN 78),

and test programs for west coast CVNs and ex-Enterprise (CVN 65).
During this time, he attended graduate school at The Catholic

University of America, earning a Master of Engineering Degree in

Engineering Management.