From

facilitating outreach to local schools to connecting local residents to

childcare resources and domestic violence crisis resources, his

dedication to enhancing safety and fostering civilian relationships has

lasting impacts on building a safer and more connected community.
Jahmar's dedication to public safety and his service to the people of

Palm Beach County is truly admirable.
I am proud to celebrate him today

and wish him continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JORGE CORTEZ

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and

legacy of Mr. Jorge Cortez, who passed away on November 11, 2024, at

the age of 81.
Known for his signature red apron, white guayabera and

white hat, Jorge was not just an icon of San Antonio's culinary world

but also a visionary artist and a champion of the city's vibrant

cultura.
A proud son of my hometown of San Antonio, Mr. Cortez leaves

behind his seven children--Pete, Deborah, Christina, Paloma, Carino,

Alexandra, and Sol Jorge, twelve grandchildren, and one great-

grandchild.
In 1941, Mr. Cortez's parents, Pedro and Cruz, purchased a small

three-table cafe that would become an iconic and beloved community

institution.
Mi Tierra Cafe was more than a place to dine--it became a

haven for comunidad, filled with musica, murals, and the aromas of

their authentic comida.
After their father passed away in 1984, Mr.

Cortez and his siblings committed themselves to preserving and

expanding his legacy, creating a thriving business rooted in honoring

and promoting their Latino culture.
Under their leadership, La Familia

Cortez grew to include five beloved restaurants, employing more than

600 San Antonians.
Mr. Cortez's creative spark was also behind the

invention of sizzling fajitas, a dish that has become synonymous with

Tex-Mex cuisine.
Mr. Cortez was more than a restaurateur; he was an artist and a

visionary leader who believed in using art and culture to uplift the

community.
His artistry extended beyond the murals of Mi Tierra to

shape the cultural fabric of downtown San Antonio.
Mr. Cortez played a

key role in the establishment of Zona Cultural, a 44-block historic

district designated by the City of San Antonio and the State of Texas

that celebrates the diversity, creativity, and commerce of San Antonio.
His vision for Zona Cultural transformed it into a hub of heritage and

innovation, ensuring that future generations could experience and

cherish the richness of the city's history.
La Familia Cortez is the definition of the American dream, and the

Cortez family continues to shape San Antonio for the better.
Mr. Cortez

was a lively and much-admired member of our community, and he will be

greatly missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, on December 3, 2024, I was not recorded on

Roll Call No.
479.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll

Call No.
479.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JUDGE JIM JAMES

HON.
EMILIA STRONG SYKES

Mrs. SYKES.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my congratulations to

Judge Jim James for his service on the Stark County Court of Common

Pleas, and my sincere gratitude for all that he has done for the people

of Ohio's 13th Congressional District, the ``Birthplace of Champions.''
I have appreciated his partnership as we worked together to expand

opportunity and deliver results for our shared constituents.
His drive to lead is commendable, and I have no doubt that he has

bettered countless lives as a result of his steadfast service.
Throughout his time in office, he proved to be a true public servant

and leader.
He led by example through his perseverance, compassion, and

dedication to his role in the community.