He completed the ship's ``Iron Man'' Cruise in support of

Operation Enduring Freedom and became a Nuclear Engineer Officer.
Captain Anderson was selected for shore duty at Naval Reactors'

Headquarters in Washington, DC, where he worked from 2003 to 2006 on

advanced technology Insertion projects for CVN 68 Class ships'

propulsion plant, preliminary designs for USS Gerald R Ford (CVN 78),

and test programs for west coast CVNs and ex-Enterprise (CVN 65).
During this time, he attended graduate school at The Catholic

University of America, earning a Master of Engineering Degree in

Engineering Management.
From late 2006 to 2011, Captain Anderson served as the Assistant

Program Manager for ex-Enterprise in the Naval Reactors' Program Office

for Surface Ships.
During this time, he led the planning and execution

of the ship's last major dry-docking availability, allowing the ship to

complete two more deployments prior to her removal service.
He also led

early planning and budgeting efforts for the one-of-a-kind defueling

and inactivation of ex-Enterprise.
Captain Anderson then transferred to the Nuclear Technology Division

as the Director of Radiological Controls from 2011 to 2014.
He was

responsible for the radiation protection of all sailors, workers, the

public, and the environment from the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program's

radioactivity on all ships, prototypes, shipyards, bases, DOE

laboratories, and the Naval Reactors Facility.
He also assisted with

the Naval Reactors' support of the U.S. Navy's Operation Tomodachi in

response to the nuclear accidents at Fukushima.
From late 2014 to mid-2023, Captain Anderson assumed duties as the

Program Manager for the Naval Reactors Facility in Idaho, where he led

the Naval Reactors' efforts to publish the draft and final

Environmental Impact Statements for the recapitalization of spent fuel

handling in Idaho, a three billion dollar major construction project.
He has also led the Naval Reactors Facility fleet support mission in

Idaho to process, examine, and package naval spent nuclear fuel in

accordance with stringent Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program

requirements, fleet schedules, and commitments to the State of Idaho.
In July 2023, Captain Anderson transferred to the Acting Deputy

Director for Governmental Affairs.
In February 2024, he was selected as

the Director for Governmental Affairs, where he oversees multiple

aspects of the Naval Reactors' Congressional Affairs efforts.
Captain Anderson's decorations include two Meritorious Service Medals

and other individual and unit awards.
His wife, Ania, and son, Aksel,

consider him the head and the heart of their family.
On December 1, 2024, Captain Anderson celebrated his 50th birthday.
I

thank Captain Anderson for his service and congratulate him for

reaching this important milestone.
I hope this next chapter is filled

with as much adventure as the last.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DEPUTY SHERIFF JAHMAR ROBINSON

HON.
LOIS FRANKEL

Ms. LOIS FRANKEL of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Palm

Beach County Sheriff's Office (PBSO) Deputy Sheriff Jahmar Robinson, a

diligent public servant, to congratulate him on being named the Field

Operations Awardee at the 7th Annual Attorney General Awards for

Distinguished Service in Policing.
During his time with PBSO, Deputy

Robinson has become a trusted presence and role model in the community.
Deputy Robinson's knowledge of the County and its residents has

prevented potential violent cnmes before they happen and has allowed

him to respond effectively when incidents arise.
He serves our local

residents through community-oriented practices in policing, while

combating crime and decreasing recidivism.
Deputy Robinson serves as a positive role model for at-risk youth,

and his work goes above and beyond crime prevention and response.
From

facilitating outreach to local schools to connecting local residents to

childcare resources and domestic violence crisis resources, his

dedication to enhancing safety and fostering civilian relationships has

lasting impacts on building a safer and more connected community.
Jahmar's dedication to public safety and his service to the people of

Palm Beach County is truly admirable.
I am proud to celebrate him today

and wish him continued success.