The support that we announced yesterday on the phase-out of internal combustion engine cars was very much welcomed by the automotive sector.
It will give much more flexibility around the allowances and around plug-in hybrid vehicles.
All of that is welcome, but we are keeping a watching brief as well as trying to  ensure that there are new markets for cars made in Britain in other countries around the world by securing more trade deals.
What is the Chancellor doing to support businesses and boost wages in towns such as Burney, Padiham and Brierfield, which were forgotten for 14 years under the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend is doing great work supporting local businesses in Burnley, including the digital marketing start-up Door4, which I know he has been championing.
I have been contacted by many local businesses, including the Cross Keys pub in the Holt Heath nature reserve and the BEAR café in Wimborne.
They are two different venues in two different locations, but both tell me that these are the most extreme trading conditions ever seen in hospitality.
With national insurance, minimum wage and energy and food costs, will the Chancellor consider a reduction in VAT on hospitality sales to protect high streets and local producers and to save our communities?
I am unclear, given the hon.
Lady’s remarks, whether she is opposed to the increase in the national minimum wage, but she should know that we have extended support for businesses in business rates relief this year, which would have been ended entirely under the plans we inherited from the previous Government, and there will be permanently lower multipliers for retail, hospitality and leisure premises on the high street from April 2026.
As a north London MP, I know that tackling the high housing costs in this city is a priority for my constituents.
It is my belief that one route to that is investing in the country as a whole, so that we are not just flying on one London-shaped engine.
To that end, did you know, Mr Speaker, that Leeds is the largest city in western Europe that does not have a tram or a mass transit system?
That is a damning indictment of decades of economic failure.
Will the Chancellor do all she can to ensure that the Leeds tram is built as fast as possible so that her constituents and mine can be better off?
Hear, hear.
I had better declare an interest as a proud Member of Parliament for Leeds West and Pudsey.
West Yorkshire combined authority is receiving £830 million for transport spending through round 1 of the city region sustainable transport settlement.
That includes £200 million for the development of a mass transport system.
For too long Leeds has lacked this.
This Government will put that investment in and get those trams running.
With the jobs tax and the increase in business rates, and as a result of US tariffs, it is vital that we stimulate the UK economy.
What is the Chancellor’s plan, and can she expect us to see interest rates fall?
Perhaps if she was listening to the question, she would be able to answer.
I think that was a question about business rates reform.
As the right hon.
Lady will know, we published a discussion paper on transforming business rates.
I am sure that the right hon.
Lady will have read and responded to that, so I will look out for her consultation response in what we have received.
Transforming businesses rates is about ensuring that we make the business rates system fit for the future to support investment and business growth right across the UK.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Goodwin International, which is building a multimillion-pound production unit in Newstead in Stoke-on-Trent South, creating up to 100 jobs in defence manufacturing?
Does he agree that increased investment in defence spending will have a tangible impact on my constituents, fuelling jobs and local investment?
Yes, and I congratulate my hon.
Friend on championing jobs and businesses in her constituency.
As she knows, the Prime Minister and the Chancellor have confirmed that defence spending will increase to 2.5% of GDP by 2027 and that a minimum of 10% of the Ministry of Defence equipment budget will now be spent on novel technologies such as drones and artificial intelligence, which will create highly skilled jobs and drive benefits to the wider economy, including in her constituency of Stoke-on-Trent South.
Earlier, in response to my hon.
Friend the Member for Grantham and Bourne (Gareth Davies), the Chief Secretary rejected Labour’s Climate Change Committee’s advice regarding aviation policy.
That also goes directly against what the Energy Secretary had committed to.
Who in Government should we believe when it comes to aviation policy?
The right hon.
Member knows that we are supporting airport expansion alongside investment in things like sustainable aviation fuel to be able to reduce carbon emissions from long-haul flights as well as supporting investment into decarbonised surface transport, to help people get around the country and to their airports.
Opposition Members might want to welcome investment into this country, as opposed to talking it down.
Will the Minister introduce a 12-month delay to the incoming change in taxation for double-cab pick-up trucks?
The manufacturers and their commercial customers feel that they have had insufficient time to adjust to the new changes this month.
Can he share with us any impact assessment work carried out on the reclassification of double-cab pick-ups and what effect it would have on the sector in Britain?
We have engaged with the automotive sector on this issue, and there are generous transitional arrangements in place to mitigate the impact.
The Government have had to take difficult decisions, but at the autumn budget 2024 we prioritised long-term support for growth-driving sectors, including more than £2 billion over five years to support the automotive sector.
Ineffective energy trading with the EU is a major barrier for global investors.
According to Energy UK, we are losing out on £30 billion of investment in interconnectors alone.
What will the Government do to improve our energy trading with the EU to unlock this vital opportunity?