Two weeks ago, the spring statement rushed through changes to disability benefits, or “pocket money” to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, to help plug the £14 billion gap in public finances created by the first Labour Budget.
Now we are already in the Office for Budget Responsibility’s scenario 2 on tariffs, and the Chancellor is once again forecast to be out of room on her fiscal targets.
What does she plan to ask the Chief Secretary to the Treasury to do to update departmental budgets in his multi-year spending review in order to avoid punishing businesses and people once again with further taxes?
The hon.
Gentleman is jumping the gun somewhat.
We delivered the spring statement just two weeks ago, in which we were able to restore the fiscal headroom after the change in global bond yields.
We will set out the Budget in the autumn, moving to one fiscal event a year, which is very different from the multiple Budgets we had from the previous Government.
We have set the spending totals for the spending review and we will be setting out the departmental allocations on  11 June .
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of her tax policies on investment in second homes.
While short-term lets and second homes can benefit the tourist economy, we recognise that they can impact the availability and affordability of main homes in some  communities.
That is why we have enabled councils to charge a premium of up to 100% on the council tax bills of second homes, increased the higher rates of stamp duty land tax on the purchase of second homes and abolished the furnished holiday lets tax regime.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response, but I believe we can go further, because this is not about the politics of envy but about the politics of social justice.
In Cornwall, it cannot be right that through the small business rate relief system, over £500 million of taxpayers’ money has gone into the pockets of holiday homeowners in the last 10 years.
Many of those homeowners have flipped their second homes into the small business rating system to take advantage of that loophole.
Will the Minister meet me so that we can find a more equitable way of spending public money that goes into first homes rather than second homes?