Businesses have just been hit by the Chancellor’s £25 billion jobs tax, which will cost working families £3,500; also, business rates are nearly doubling for hospitality and retail businesses.
How does imposing taxes that the Office for Budget Responsibility says will result in lower wages, higher prices and fewer jobs help growth and those on the lowest incomes, and will the Chancellor keep her promise not to come back with more taxes in this Parliament?
The shadow Minister talks about business rates support.
I remind him that if we had carried on with the plans inherited from the Conservative party, business rates relief would have ended entirely this month.
It is only thanks to a decision of this Government that rates relief is continuing for this year, ahead of permanent reforms that will permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure premises on the high street from April 2026.
That is thanks to a decision this Government made.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential merits of introducing a wealth tax.
If she will make an assessment of the potential implications for her policies of the findings of Oxfam’s poll on taxation, published on 25 March 2025.
This Government are committed to ensuring that the wealthiest in our society pay their fair share of tax.
The Chancellor announced a series of reforms at autumn   Budget 2024 to help fix the public finances as fairly as possible.
Those reforms included increasing the rates of capital gains tax, increasing air passenger duty for private jets, and raising stamp duty for buyers of second or more homes.
Analysis from a number of disability groups shows that the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper will have a detrimental effect on more than 3 million people, while polling from Oxfam shows that 77% of the public would rather the UK Government increased taxes on the very richest than cut the benefits of the poorest in society.
Should we not be looking at raising funds from those with the broadest shoulders?
As I made clear earlier, the Government have already made changes to make the tax system fairer, and to ensure that the wealthiest pay their fair share.
The reforms to the welfare system are principled reforms to tackle perverse incentives that encourage inactivity.
We need to support those in most need, get people back into work wherever possible, and protect the sustainability of the welfare system.
Let us be frank and not spin it: for 14 years, we saw austerity that ripped the heart out of communities; we then had a global pandemic, during which inequality was accelerated; and we are still feeling the effects of a cost of living crisis that is making ordinary people poorer.
The public do not want cuts or austerity—they want an annual wealth tax on the very wealthiest in society.
Is it not time we had a Government who do something different, give people what they want, and are willing to redistribute wealth for the benefit of many in society, and to improve living standards?
I politely suggest that if my hon.
Friend thinks we are imposing austerity, he has not read the Budget very carefully.
It contains increases to revenue spending in all Departments—across the public spending envelope—and an increase in capital investment.
We are ensuring that we build for the future while protecting our fiscal rules.
Let me be clear: those fiscal rules are not a nice-to-have addition to the way we approach the economy.
Fiscal irresponsibility has a huge cost, as we saw under the previous Government.
We support the Government in trying to determine a fair level of tax, especially for the very wealthy.
However, will the Minister establish, if he can, the number of people who might leave the country as a result of a wealth tax, and therefore pay no income tax whatsoever?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point: we need to ensure that the wealthiest in society pay their fair share, while also attracting talent from around the world to the UK to work, invest and help to grow our economy.
It is on the back of that investment and economic growth that we will make people across the UK better off, and get more money into their pockets.
What steps she is taking to ensure rural communities have access to banking hubs.
What steps she is taking to help protect in-person banking.
The Government understand the importance of in-person banking to communities and are working closely with the industry to roll out 350 banking hubs across the UK.
More than 220 hubs have already been announced, of which more than 135 are already open.
Rural communities such as Settle in North Yorkshire are really struggling with the loss of face-to-face banking services.
Link hubs are one route for them to replace the banks that are closing.
I urge Ministers to do what they can with Link—I accept that it is an independent organisation—to help it to relax the criteria for rural communities, allowing them more face-to-face banking services.
I would be very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman if he wanted to discuss a specific banking hub that is being considered.
We work very closely with Link.
As he will know, his Government passed the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, under which the Financial Conduct Authority, Link and the financial services sector ultimately have power over the criteria, which is not something we are planning to change.
How does the Minister plan to make it easier to establish banking hubs in communities that have lost all of their banks?
I did have a meeting set up with the previous Minister, but she left Government before that meeting could take place.
Will this Minister agree to meet me so that I can discuss the establishment of a banking hub in the town of Cheshunt in my Broxbourne constituency?
I am always happy to meet colleagues and will be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The criteria applied by Link are too strict, and banks are being able to walk away from their customers.
In Eltham, we have had a salami-slicing process of banks gradually leaving the high street, but, because we have a building society, we cannot ask for a hub.
Will the Minister undertake to review Link’s approach, because it is making it difficult for customers to carry out their banking business?
As I said in my previous answer, we do not have any plans to change the Link criteria; those are a matter for Link.
However, there are some flexibilities in the way that it applies the criteria, depending on the local population, travel times to nearby bank branches and, indeed, the number of small businesses in an area.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend if that is of concern to him.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Mr Speaker, you shocked me by moving to topical questions so quickly, but I have now found my page and am ready to answer them.
You need to get a new watch!
From ferries to the National Care Service, we have seen failure after failure from the SNP in Scotland, including a track record of waste.
In contrast, this Labour Government are tackling waste and investing in frontline services such as our national health service, which has seen waiting lists fall for each of the past five months in England.
We hope that the people of Scotland will soon have the opportunity to experience such a transformation.
The Chancellor set out in the spring statement a clear plan to drive better value for taxpayers, including through the transformation fund, which will transform frontline delivery while making savings in the long term.
Does he agree that that is in stark contrast to the SNP Scottish Government’s record of waste?
As my hon.
Friend knows, we have given the Scottish Government the largest increase in spending since devolution began.
The people of Scotland expect that money to be spent well, which we are doing in England by transforming public services and improving the national health service.
However, given that SNP Members are not present in the Chamber today, the people of Scotland need to know that they will have to elect a Labour Government in Scotland later next year for that to happen.