The Secretary of State says that the EU will take action on tariffs in its best interests, but businesses in Northern Ireland expect the Government to take action in the best interests of the United Kingdom—including Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom.
He talks about how this can all be resolved by the reimbursement scheme.
The fact of the matter is that the reimbursement scheme has failed.
Businesses have to produce masses of information, and there are delays in payments—some businesses have to wait for hundreds of thousands of pounds to be reimbursed in taxes.
That is not the answer.
Surely, the answer is for the UK to collect the taxes that we impose on American goods and leave the EU to collect the taxes that it imposes.
What the right hon.
Gentleman proposes ignores the reality that faces Northern Ireland as a result of the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union, and the fact that there was a problem that had to be solved.
The duty reimbursement scheme owes its existence to the Windsor framework.
It is important, as I have said to the House, that the scheme works effectively, but businesses do need to provide information to demonstrate that the goods have not subsequently moved into the European Union, for reasons that I think he understands.
I am particularly concerned about the cash flow of small businesses in Northern Ireland in the event that the EU increases its tariffs.
In his discussions with HMRC, has the Secretary of State established what the average waiting time is for the duty reimbursement scheme to kick in?
Is there any prospect of shortening that time if the amount of money out of the door increases in the event of EU tariffs?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point for businesses in Northern Ireland.
As he would expect, I have had precisely that discussion with HMRC.
The honest answer to the question of how long it takes is that it depends on how quickly businesses provide the necessary information to demonstrate that goods have remained in the United Kingdom and have not moved to the EU.
Once that information is provided, the scheme should work effectively.
It may help him if I point out that the customs duty waiver scheme—a separate scheme—allows up to €300,000 per company over a three-year rolling average, which will obviously benefit small businesses.
If they come within that heading, they do not have to pay the tariff up front.
Sadly, I have heard nothing today that will give businesses in my constituency any reassurance that the UK Government are prepared to protect them.
I recognise that it is not good practice to comment on speculation, but it is and would be good practice to leave businesses in no doubt that the Government—their Government, to whom they pay hefty taxes—will protect them from EU tariffs.
We cannot be left in a scenario where businesses are reliant on a duty reimbursement scheme that does not work—it takes months to get repayments.
Will the Secretary of State give more clarity to businesses in Upper Bann that he will protect them?
I have done my level best to set out the situation.
We all understand the reasons.
Northern Ireland gains from the Windsor framework because of its access—[Interruption.]
Well, it does gain from access to the EU market that other parts of the United Kingdom do not enjoy.
But there is a consequence, which is what we are discussing in relation to the imposition of tariffs by the United States of America.
That is a decision that the US Administration have taken, and we all have to deal with the consequences.
HMRC has of course already been talking to businesses that might be affected to ensure that they understand how the tariff reimbursement scheme and the customs duty waiver scheme work.
The Government’s advice to Northern Ireland businesses seems to be, “Keep calm and carry on.”
Well, that creates an awful lot of uncertainty for small and medium-sized enterprises in Northern Ireland.
Will the Secretary of State put a little more meat on the bone in relation to what the Government are doing?
As he said, the EU will take action in its interests, but that action may not be in the interests of Northern Ireland businesses or consumers.
What will the Government do?
In the circumstances in which this country and many countries around the world find themselves, we are having this discussion because of a decision that the United States Administration have taken.
We do not control that.
What we do have to seek to control is our response to it.
I have tried to lay out for the House today what the position is and what is available to support businesses that may be affected by the EU tariffs, once we understand what those are.
We will see how extensive they may or may not be, and then businesses will start to work out for themselves what is the consequence and how we can use the mechanism of the reimbursement scheme in the Windsor framework to get back the money that they have to pay in a tariff.
Businesses require clarity and certainty.
Will the Secretary of State undertake to come back to the House as soon as we have that clarity and certainty?
Will he ensure that the EU understands that the open border he keeps talking about is an unclosable border and tries to give businesses more certainty so that they can develop in the future?
Notwithstanding what we have been discussing today, Northern Ireland imports about £800 million-worth of goods from the United States of America, which is about 2% of the total purchases made by Northern Ireland.
The rest—98% of the purchases—is unaffected by any EU retaliatory tariffs relating to goods brought into Northern Ireland.
As I travel round Northern Ireland, I see that there are great business opportunities and lots of investment coming in.
As I said to the House last week, Northern Ireland has a higher rate of growth than the UK as a whole and the lowest unemployment.