What steps are the Government taking to address the concerns of overseas companies that are evading VAT and online sales by fraudulently registering UK addresses?
At the spring statement the hon.
Gentleman will have seen the Government set out progress on measures in the autumn Budget to tackle a range of sources of tax avoidance and the tax gap.
That includes prosecuting more fraudsters, introducing a new HMRC reward scheme for informants, tackling phoenixism and tackling the offshore non-compliance tax gap.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
Growth is the No.1 priority of this Government.
That is why in the autumn Budget and the spring statement we unlocked an additional £113 billion for capital spending, compared with the plans that we inherited from the previous Government.
Yesterday we announced significant support for the automotive sector and life sciences, and ahead of the spending review in June we have announced the roll-out of an additional 60,000 places in construction skills so that we can build the homes and infrastructure that our country desperately needs.
To drive progress on our growth mission and get the most out of taxpayers’ money, it is vital that Departments work collaboratively and not at odds with each other.
Will the Chancellor outline how she is promoting cross-departmental working and planning as part of the spending review?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is working closely in a constructive way to bring together clusters of colleagues to discuss some of the pressing issues that span Departments and that no one Department can address on its own, whether that is reform of special educational needs and disabilities provision for early years, or tackling issues around homelessness and the cost of temporary accommodation.
We are working cross-Government to address some of those cross-cutting issues.
The Chancellor is right to focus on increasing economic growth, so will she please explain why my office is still waiting for a response on behalf of a small business to a letter that I sent on  12 December , asking her to look into the impacts of her national insurance rise on small businesses?
We asked for an update on  11 February , I raised a point of order on  10 March , and I still have not had a response.
Will she please get a response to me as soon as possible?
I will follow up on that issue.
The smallest businesses—those that employ the equivalent of four people on the national living wage—will be paying no national insurance at all from this April.
Up to 1 million of the smallest businesses will be paying less or the same national insurance as they were paying previously.