The Prime Minister’s plan for change sets out our ambitious but achievable target of clean power by 2030.
The clean power action plan demonstrates the significant investment requirements to reach that target, including in renewable infrastructure, and the actions that we will take to facilitate that.
We have already taken action to remove the de facto ban on onshore wind in England, approved major solar projects and delivered a record-breaking renewables auction.
The last Government left 4.5 million children in poverty, but, like many colleagues, I am alarmed that the impact assessment of the spring statement suggests that that number will rise, not fall.
Will the Minister tell me when we can expect the results of the child poverty taskforce?
Will they be delivered in time to influence decisions in the spending review?
My hon.
Friend knows that the Government are committed to reducing child poverty and that we will be bringing forward a child poverty strategy later this year.
It will look at levers that support households to increase their income, such as supporting parents into secure employment, supporting progression in the labour market and considering social security reforms.
I confirm that the work of the taskforce is feeding into the spending review.
The Chancellor talked earlier about the Government’s response to the new US trade policy, but what are the Government doing about China’s abuse of the world trade system?
In particular, what will they do to challenge China’s status as a developing country at the World Trade Organisation?
That is the means by which China dodges so many of the rules imposed on countries such as Britain and others in the west.
Trade issues are for the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, but I will say this.
There are rightly concerns about global trade imbalances, but the response of the United States by putting tariffs on all countries—including the UK, which does not have a trade surplus—is a disproportionate response to a genuine problem of global trade imbalances.
I very much welcome the Chancellor’s commitment to investing in life sciences in this country.
May I encourage her to support the bid for a national mental health diagnostics and research centre in my constituency, not least because poor mental health is estimated to cost this country up to £300 billion a year in lost economic production?
Yesterday, the Prime Minister announced reforms to speed up clinical trials to ensure that the best new drugs can come to this country, benefiting from our NHS.
On the issue of mental health treatment, I agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of addressing that, both for the health and wellbeing of  individuals and because of the economic benefit that he speaks to.
I am happy to arrange a meeting with the relevant Minister.
On  30 October , the Chancellor upended our economy through tax rises and punitive death taxes.
She has delivered a devastating blow to family farms and small family businesses—the very backbone of our economy.
When will the Chancellor recognise that she is elected by the people, for the people?
Every day that she avoids engaging with the farming community is another day of wilful neglect.
Our farmers are being driven out, not by market forces but by a Government blind to their struggles and deaf to their voices.
When will she listen and speak with them?
As the hon.
Lady and I have discussed in several debates in recent months, the decision we took on agricultural property relief and business property relief was difficult, but it was the right and balanced one to ensure we protect family farms and small businesses while fixing the public finances in a fair way.
Fixing the public finances is in the interest of every Member of this House and all the constituents we represent, because it underpins the investment we are putting into the future of this country and into getting the economy growing.
Many thousands of my constituents in Paisley and Renfrewshire South work in and rely on public services that are on their knees after 18 years of under-investment by the SNP Government at Holyrood.
Will my right hon.
Friend set out how the views of my constituents will be reflected in the spending review?
Because of the decisions that we made in the Budget last year, we were able to provide a record settlement for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
It is a shame that the SNP MPs are not in the Chamber today.
It is now the SNP’s responsibility to spend that money wisely and invest in public services.
We are bringing down NHS waiting lists in England and Wales; the same cannot be said of Scotland.
In July 2023, my constituent Alison claimed a refund of overpaid tax that was mistakenly paid twice.
In February 2024, she was told that her claim would be assessed by  20 March , in July 2024 she was told that it would be by  22 October , and in December she was told that she could not have a date but that the department had definitely received her  claim 16 months previously.
She has heard nothing since.
Will the Chancellor agree to meet me to discuss this very vexed situation for someone who has very little money, given that this claim is nearly 21 months delayed?
I was sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent’s experience with, I assume, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
Even though, as the Minister with responsibility for HMRC, I cannot get directly involved in individual cases, I am happy to raise it with HMRC and make sure that it gives the matter proper attention to try and resolve it.
Local businesses have huge potential to create local growth in our community.
It was fantastic to see my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury visiting Derby South earlier this year and engaging with business leaders.
Does the Minister agree that continued engagement with business leaders is absolutely key to building the business confidence that we so desperately need and which was shattered by the previous Government?