Since the spring statement the world has been rocked by the announcements by President Trump on tariffs last week.
It is an event as significant as the financial crisis of 2008, or perhaps as covid, and in those instances the state unleashed everything it could to try to resolve those issues.
Is the Chancellor considering changing any of her rules to ensure that everything that the state can throw at this problem is being done?
It is incredibly important to retain cool heads at this moment.
The tariffs have been imposed, and we are working closely with our friends and counterparts in the United States to reduce the impact from those, not just in the UK but around the world as well.
As I said in my opening remarks, at the same time we are looking to secure better trading relationships with some of our biggest trading partners around the  world.
Of course, as we did yesterday, we are looking at some of the sectoral responses, including on life sciences, automotives and steel, but the fiscal rules are very important for giving our country the stability it needs.
We saw what happened when the previous Government lost control of the public finances: it resulted in interest rates going through the roof, meaning higher costs for businesses and for working families.
We will not make those mistakes.
That is why the fiscal rules are non-negotiable and stability for this Government is sacrosanct.
Is now not the right time to start trying to make our own luck?
In that light, would it not also be the right time for the Chancellor to give the green light to the upgrade of the A66 between Penrith and Scotch Corner?
Some 25% of traffic on that A road is freight, which is twice the average for A roads across the country, and it is outrageous that so much of the road is single carriageway.
Would it not be great for the economy, as well as save lives, if the Chancellor gave the upgrade the green light today?
Impressive.
We will be considering all such schemes as part of the spending review, but I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we need to go further and faster to grow our economy.
That is why we are spending £113 billion more on capital investment in this Parliament, compared to the plans that we inherited, which means that we can upgrade more roads, rail lines and energy infrastructure, and build the 1.5 million homes our country needs too.