The key thing we need to do is build the homes our country desperately needs.
That is why I put £600 million of investment into creating 60,000 additional places for people to learn the construction skills we need, and into good jobs, paying decent wages and building the homes we need.
That is also why we are reforming the planning system, so that we can actually get those homes built.
We are backing the builders, not the blockers, which is what the Conservatives did.
At the weekend, The Times revealed the problems in the retirement housing market, in terms of both new builds and resales, and many of my constituents have been experiencing a loss on the houses and flats that they have inherited.
Does the Chancellor consider the housing market to be adequately providing decent, affordable homes for those who are downsizing as well as first-time buyers?
I would be very happy to arrange a meeting for the hon.
Lady with the relevant Minister to discuss some of those specific issues around retirement properties.
She makes a really important point.
We need to make it easier for people to downsize to free up those properties, including in the private sector, so that more homes are available for families.
What steps she is taking to increase economic growth in the north-east.
Securing economic growth across the country is the Government’s No. 1 mission.
We are working in partnership with the Mayor of the North East, providing the North East combined authority with an integrated funding settlement from ’26-27, and working with it on its local growth plan.
The combined authority has identified a key growth corridor sweeping across my constituency, but a historical lack of investment to upgrade the Moor Farm and Seaton Burn roundabouts causes relentless disruption and holds back growth, investment and opportunity.
There is a business plan in the north-east growth plan and in the road investment strategy.
Does the Minister agree that that is exactly the sort of scheme that this Labour Government should support to boost economic growth in every region?
The Government are committed to improving roads.
We agreed a £4.8 billion settlement for National Highways and funded a £500 million uplift for local roads in this financial year.
Funding for the RIS3 programme, which my hon.
Friend mentioned, will be considered in phase 2 of the spending review, and I encourage her to continue to engage with the Minister for roads on this issue.
rose— I presume Mr Lamont thinks it is north-east Scotland, rather than north-east England.
This Government decided to cancel the A1 upgrade, which will harm the economy not just in the north-east of England, but in the south of Scotland.
What economic impact assessment did the Government make before deciding to cancel that vital road link?
Nice try.
In terms of north-east growth, I have already said that we are working very closely with the Mayor of the North East combined authority.
I suggest that the hon.
Gentleman asks questions about roads relevant to his part of the country at Transport questions.
I now call the Minister to answer Alistair Carmichael’s question on the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on farmers, which was omitted in error from earlier versions of the Order Paper.
If she will meet farming representatives to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on farmers.
As the Minister with responsibility for the UK tax system, I have had several meetings with organisations on this matter since the autumn Budget last year.
On  18 February , I and the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs met the National Farmers Union, the Tenant Farmers Association, the Country Land and Business Association, the Central Association of Agricultural Valuers, the Ulster Farmers Union, NFU Cymru, NFU Scotland and the Farmers Union of Wales.