There is a great deal of speculation about the future of the cash individual savings account.
As we know, it is an important savings mechanism for many savers across the country, all of whom will be dismayed at the loss of a significant cash savings opportunity.
Just as importantly, cutting cash ISAs will deprive building societies of important funds for their balance sheets, reducing the amount of capital available for the residential mortgage market.
This point has been raised with me by the mutual societies.
Given that the loss of the cash ISA would have a profound effect on mutuals’ ability to raise debt capital, what research have the Government undertaken to establish the extent of the damage that such a measure might inflict on the residential mortgage market, which is not just important for all our constituents, but crucial for the 1.5 million new homes that the Government propose building?
I work closely with the mutuals and other financial services firms, and I think the hon.
Member is slightly jumping the gun, if he does not mind my saying so.
We are considering options to reform ISAs, but we need to get the balance right between cash and equities.
We know that many people have investments in cash ISAs who could think about investing in our capital markets, which would be a win for them through higher returns, and also for the economy.
However, we absolutely understand the role that cash savings play in people having money for a rainy day.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support people on the lowest incomes following the spring statement 2025.
Helping people into good work and financial independence is at the heart of our approach to supporting people on the lowest incomes.
That is why we have increased the national living wage by 6.7%, which is equal to £1,400 this year for someone working full-time.
Our plan to make work pay will tackle the poor job security and working conditions that have been holding back our economy, and the pathways to work Green Paper announced an additional £1 billion investment in employment, health and skills support.
It is all very well for the Minister to talk about helping people into work, but is he aware of the many millions of people on personal independence payments who rely on them in order to work?
Yet that PIP will be slashed as a consequence of the spring statement.
Is he also aware that very many people would prefer the Government not to balance their books on the backs of some of the poorest and most vulnerable people in our society?
Why are the Government rejecting a tax of just 2% on people with assets of over £10 million, which would raise over £24 billion?
At the autumn Budget last year, the Chancellor announced a series of reforms to fix the public finances in as fair a way as possible, and make sure that the wealthiest in society pay their share of tax.
The welfare reforms announced in the spring statement are principled reforms to help get people back into work, because work is the best way out of poverty.
The reforms also provide support for those who need it and make sure that the system is sustainable for the future.
Earlier this year, I spoke to members of my local Christians Against Poverty debt support team in Guildford, and they explained to me that they support many low-income individuals out of debt, but they are no sooner out of debt than they start accruing it again, because universal credit is insufficient to cover their basic needs due to the cost of living in areas such as Guildford.
What work has the Minister done to assess whether universal credit levels are sufficient to cover the varied and increasing basic living costs across the country, and to prevent people on the lowest incomes from getting further into difficulty and debt?
The Government have already taken action on the fair repayment rate, lowering the cap on deductions from universal credit to 15%—it was 25% before the autumn Budget last year.
That will benefit 1.2 million households by an average of £420 a year, and 700,000 of the poorest families with children will benefit.