It is a pleasure to take part in this Easter Adjournment debate.
I always find that these end-of-term debates really enlighten me about fellow Members of the House, their constituencies and the issues that are important to their constituents.
Before I talk about something close to my own constituency and heart, I associate myself with the contribution of  the hon.
Member for Reigate (Rebecca Paul)  and the thanks that she gave to Surrey police.
My own borough team in Guildford has been fantastic, just as hers has been, in supporting our town centre by dealing with antisocial behaviour.
I note the absolutely cracking contribution and egg-cellent Easter puns from  the hon.
Member for Carlisle (Ms Minns) .
I will stop there with the Easter puns and move on to my constituency.
I will use my time to highlight an issue in my constituency that has both national and local significance.
I hope that action on the issue will not just resolve it in Guildford, but help to drive long-term change in the way we support charities and businesses during multi-year infrastructure projects.
Many Members will be aware of the extensive redevelopment works taking place at junction 10 of the M25, near the Royal Horticultural Society garden at Wisley.
The redevelopment works started in November 2022 and were due to finish in summer 2025, but sadly it has been confirmed recently that that will not be the case; they will finish in approximately spring 2026.
That is four years of disruption for local residents and businesses.
Ultimately, the project should improve the junction, but—it is a very big “but”—there have been serious consequences for RHS Wisley and our much-loved local café, Ockham Bites, alongside frustration and disruption for local residents in villages around the junction and everyone who has had to travel through it.
While the two places are very different in scale, both have seen a significant loss.
Ockham Bites is losing £600 a day, and RHS Wisley predicts that by the end of the project it will have lost £11 million.
These financial losses were highlighted in the early days of the project but dismissed on the basis that current legislation compensates only on the value of property, not for loss of business.
For RHS Wisley, the loss has had far-reaching consequences.
Plans for new arboretums have been delayed, funding for scientific research has been reduced and community outreach programmes have been scaled back.
The impact goes beyond my constituency and the garden itself through to the communities around Guildford and other RHS sites across the country.
They are being forced to consider cuts to training opportunities, with a projected 10% reduction in workplace student horticulturalist positions over the next two years.
I am sure that Members of the House will be very sad to hear all those things about RHS Wisley.
I know that residents in my constituency, as well as people across the country, feel strongly about this issue.
A petition that is currently live has 92,000 signatures, and that number keeps increasing.
I pause to thank my colleague Baroness Benjamin, who has been highlighting this matter in the other place, for the answers she has gained from Members of the House of Lords on the issues surrounding the problem at RHS Wisley.
Will  the hon.
Member for Wellingborough and Rushden (Gen Kitchen)  encourage the Transport Secretary to respond to my request to meet me and representatives of RHS Wisley?
Returning to Ockham Bites and its fantastic cakes and tea, it has suffered big financial losses for a small business.
There have also been problems with water, and all those things combined have forced the owner to make serious personal and professional adjustments, including relocating their home and dealing with heightened stress levels.
These two businesses’ stories are of very different scales, but they highlight a serious flaw in current legislation.
We should not be leaving small businesses, charities and other organisations struggling financially and potentially failing due to multi-year infrastructure projects.
Not only are those organisations the lifeblood of our communities; they are fundamental to our economic success.
I hope that Ministers will agree to meet me and work to find a way to support those businesses, and commit to reviewing the legislation to ensure that their stories are not repeated and that future multi-year infrastructure projects are delivered without leaving key parts of our local economy and community behind.
I want to close on a positive note in this afternoon’s fantastic debate by giving a cheeky little encouragement to everyone in the Chamber, if they have not yet experienced RHS Wisley or their local RHS garden, to please go and enjoy them during the Easter recess.
I also echo my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Dorset and North Poole (Vikki Slade)  in encouraging Members and the public, when enjoying the great outdoors, to be fire safe.
Finally, I hope that all Members of this House and all  the staff, security and police have a restorative Easter, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  for leading the debate.
Before we come to Treasury questions, I have agreed to a request from the Chancellor to make some brief comments about the global financial situation, following which the shadow Chancellor and the Liberal Democrat spokesperson will be allowed to respond and ask a question.
I will then call other hon.
Members to ask the questions on the Order Paper in the usual way.
Other Members may well wish to refer to the Chancellor’s comments in their supplementary or topical questions, and I will take a more liberal view of the scope of supplementary questions than is usually the case.
I call the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
As you say, I would like to make some brief remarks on the current economic situation.
The United States decision to impose tariffs has had, and will continue to have, huge implications for the world economy.
These implications have been reflected in the reaction we have seen in global markets in recent days, which the financial authorities have of course been monitoring closely.
This morning, I spoke to the Governor of the Bank of England, who confirmed that markets are functioning effectively and that our banking system is resilient.
I know, too, that this is an anxious time for families, who are worried about the cost of living—we have your backs.
British businesses are worried about what a changing world will mean for them—we have your backs, too.
This Government are clear-eyed that our response to global change cannot be to watch and wait, but instead to act decisively, to take the right decisions that are in our national interest, protecting working people.
All the decisions that we make as a Government will be underpinned by the stability of our non-negotiable fiscal rules.
A trade war is in nobody’s interests.
That is why we must remain pragmatic and cool-headed, and pursue the best deal with the United States in our national interest.
That remains our priority.
It was part of the discussion that I had with US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent last week.
But we have been clear that nothing is off the table.
That is why we will continue to back British businesses during these uncertain times, particularly in industries that are most affected, as we rebuild our industrial base here in Britain.
We showed that backing yesterday when the Prime Minister and I announced new measures to give British car makers certainty and stability, and to support them on the transition to electric vehicles.
We have put forward plans to support our life sciences sector by cutting back  the time it will take to set up clinical trials in the UK.
It is why we are working with our international allies to reduce barriers to trade right across the world.
Over recent days I have had discussions with my counterparts in Canada, Australia, Ireland, France and Spain, and with the European Commission.
We will pursue those talks in earnest.
Tomorrow, I will hold talks with the Indian Government as part of our two nations’ economic and financial dialogue, as we seek to secure a new trade deal with India.
Finally, we must go further and faster in our mission to kick-start economic growth.
I know that the challenges facing the global economy, and their potential impact, could be profound.
As a Government, we must step up to that challenge to deliver security for working people through our plan for change, which is underpinned by stability, reform and investment—prioritising the builders, not the blockers; reforming our public services, not defending the status quo; investing in our long-term infrastructure, not cutting it for the short term.
Security for working people, renewal for Britain—that is our focus, and that is what this Government will deliver.