Lasmockie's legacy continues to live on through her children, family,

and loved ones, including her aunt, Dr. Sharon Lynn Fountain Stafford,

who have taken up the fight against domestic violence.
They work

tirelessly to honor Lasmockie's memory through advocacy, education, and

outreach.
Together, they actively lead the work of A Voice for

Lasmockie/Lasmockie's L.O.A.D., focusing on empowering underserved

communities where domestic violence is often underreported and support

is limited.
join my wife, Vivian, and me, as well as the people of Georgia's 2nd

District, in honoring the life and ongoing impact of Lasmockie Octavia

Fountain and the work of A Voice for Lasmockie/Lasmockie's L.O.A.D. on

the 10th anniversary of her passing.
May her memory continue to be a

beacon of hope, and may her story inspire continued action to end

domestic violence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ANTHONY ``TONY'' ANELLO

_____

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Anthony ``Tony''

Anello, who passed away at the age of 77 on September 28, 2025.
Tony

was a beloved and celebrated member of Bodega Bay, a renowned

fisherman, and a pillar of this coastal community.
Born in San Francisco, California in 1948, Tony was raised in

Guerneville, California.
Tony was a rodeo calf roper when he married

Carol Zucca, his wife of 58 years.
To support their growing family,

Tony began an excavation business, while earning additional income as a

fisherman and selling produce.
In 1968, Tony joined the Guerneville Fire Department as a volunteer,

launching his steadfast career as a firefighter and EMT.
He served the

Sonoma County fire departments for decades and rose through the ranks

of captain, training officer, and battalion chief during his tenure.
Tony's excellence and commitment as a training officer is credited for

shaping generations of paramedics and firefighters in Sonoma County.
Most notably, Tony had a deep-rooted love for fishing.
The grandson

of a Sicilian fisherman, Tony purchased his first of many commercial

fishing boats in 1969.
On his days off from the fire department, Tony

would go commercial salmon and crab fishing.
In 2004, Tony and Carol founded Spud Point Crab Co. in Bodega Bay, a

small harbor stand that grew to become an iconic, homestyle restaurant

for both tourists and locals.
Tony and his son, Mark, provided seasonal

crab and wild king salmon fresh from the dock of the marina across from

the restaurant.
The waterfront stand, inspired by Old Fisherman's Wharf

in San Francisco, still attracts lines of customers seeking Carol's

prize-winning clam chowder and Tony's Dungeness crab.
A beacon of the

community, Spud Point Co. is a critical hub for the town and a

charitable supporter of many local organizations.
Along with his well-respected work ethic, Tony was well known for his

larger-than-life character, humor, and generous spirit.
Tony was a

stalwart advocate for the local fishing community and hosted many vital

community gatherings to preserve the future of the fishing industry at

Bodega Bay.
While he will be greatly missed, Tony's legacy will live on

through the innumerable positive impacts he has had on his community.
Tony is survived by his wife and their four children, Lori, Gina, Lisa,

and Mark, his grandchildren and great-grandchildren, many of whom have

carried on his passion for fishing and firefighting.
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you join me in extending

condolences to Tony's family and many friends and in expressing deep

appreciation for his decades of service to his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF SUSAN L. ZOLOTOROFE

_____

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the

beautiful life, legacy, and memory of my Constituent Susan L.

Zolotorofe who was a cherished daughter, a treasured friend, and a

beloved member of our Bucks County community.