I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ) and negatived.
Further consideration of Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee Before we come to the Bill, I would like to say a few words about today’s proceedings.
On  13 June , an objection was taken to the Question that new clause 16 be read a Second time.
As the objection was taken after 2.30 pm, proceedings on the Bill stopped.
We will begin with the Question that new clause 16 be read a Second time.
I will then put the Questions on the amendments selected for separate decisions.
I can confirm that I have selected all the amendments in the name of Kim Leadbeater for separate decision, as well as amendments 14, 24, 12 and 21.
Once the decisions on Report are complete, I will then call the Member in charge to name the day for Third Reading.
If she says now, Third Reading will begin then.
Many colleagues will wish to participate in the debate today.
I hope the Divisions that we are about to have can take place reasonably quickly in order to maximise the time available today.
On  13 June , Rebecca Paul moved formally that new clause 16 be read a Second time.
“(1) A person does not have a wish to seek assistance to end their own life in accordance with this Act under section 5(5) if they are substantially motivated by— (a) not wanting to be a burden on others or on public services, (b) a mental disorder (including depression), (c) a disability (other than the terminal illness), (d) financial considerations, including lack of adequate housing, (e) lack of access, or delayed access, to treatment or other service which a public authority is required (or can reasonably be expected to) provide, or (f) suicidal ideation.”—(Rebecca
Paul.)
This new clause ensures that a wish to end one’s own life that is substantially motivated by the factors listed in the amendment does not qualify for the provision of assistance under this Act.
Question put, That the clause be read a Second time.
The House divided: Ayes 208, Noes 261.
Question accordingly negatived.
Amendments made: 14, page 2, line 6, at end insert— “(1A)
A person who would not otherwise meet the requirements of subsection (1) shall not be considered to meet those requirements solely as a result of voluntarily stopping eating or drinking.”—(Naz
Shah.)
This amendment means that someone who is not terminally ill within the meaning of subsection (1) cannot bring themselves within that definition by voluntarily stopping eating or drinking or both.
Amendment 55, page 2, line 8, leave out “, disease or medical condition” and insert “or disease”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment aligns the wording of subsection (2) with the wording used in subsection (1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).
Amendment proposed: 24, in clause 3, page 2, line 18, at end insert “except that section 1(2) of that Act shall not apply”.—(Daniel Francis.)
This amendment would disapply the presumption that a person has capacity unless the opposite is established.
The House divided: Ayes 213, Noes 266.
Question accordingly negatived.
Amendments made: 56, page 4, line 14, at end insert— “(2A) The coordinating doctor must give a copy of the first declaration to the Commissioner as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been made.”
This amendment requires the coordinating doctor to give a copy of the first declaration to the Commissioner.
Amendment 57, page 5, line 14, leave out “include training about” and insert “provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (7) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 58, page 5, line 18, leave out “specific and up-to-date training on”.
This clarifies that the training is to be about adjustments and safeguards for autistic people and person with a learning disability (rather than training about training about such matters).
Amendment 59, page 5, line 19, at end insert— “(d) domestic abuse.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This is a drafting change (moving the duty for the regulations to require the coordinating doctor to have received training on domestic abuse so that it is located with other similar duties).
See also amendment 74, which defines “domestic abuse” for the purposes of the Bill.
Amendment made: 60, page 7, line 1, at end insert— “(6) Where— (a) a referral is made under subsection (3)(c), (b) the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act as the independent doctor, and (c) no report under section 10 has been made by virtue of the referral, a further referral may be made under subsection (3)(c).
(7) Where a referral is made to a registered medical practitioner by virtue of subsection (6), that practitioner becomes the independent doctor (replacing the registered medical practitioner to whom a referral was originally made) and sections 10 to 12 and (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act) apply accordingly.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment makes provision, corresponding to the provision in clause 12 about the death or illness of a doctor from whom a second opinion is sought, for a further referral to be made where, before reporting, the independent doctor dies or through illness is unable or unwilling to act.
Amendments made: 61, page 8, line 22, leave out “include training about” and insert “provide that the practitioner must have had training about the following”.
This clarifies that the obligation under subsection (10) is to specify training about certain matters.
Amendment 62, page 8, line 25, at end insert— “(c) domestic abuse.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This is a drafting change.
Amendment made: 63, page 9, line 44, leave out “, disease or condition” and insert “or disease”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment aligns the wording used here with the wording used in Clause 2(1) (which defines what it means to be “terminally ill” for the purposes of the Bill).
Amendments made: 64, page 10, line 40, leave out “section 10 and 11” and insert “sections 10, 11 and (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act)”.
This amendment is consequential on NC11.
Amendment 65, page 11, line 3, at end insert “and section (Replacing the coordinating or independent doctor where unable or unwilling to continue to act)(6)(a)(ii)”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC11.
Amendments made: 66, page 19, line 21, leave out “subsection (3)” and insert “subsection (2)”.
This is a drafting change.
Amendment 67, page 19, line 32, at end insert— “(6A) An approved substance may be provided to a person under subsection (2) by— (a) preparing a device which will enable that person to self-administer the substance, and (b) providing that person with the device.
In the case of an approved substance so provided, the reference in subsection (3) to the approved substance is to be read as a reference to the device.”
This amendment clarifies how the clause works in cases where an approved substance is provided by preparing a device and providing a person with the device.
Amendment 68, page 19, line 36, leave out paragraph (b).
—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on amendment 67.
Amendment made: 69, page 21, line 8, leave out subsection (3) and insert— “(3) See section (Regulation of approved substances and devices for self-administration) for powers to make provision about— (a) approved substances, and (b) devices for use or used in connection with the self-administration of approved substances.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This is consequential on NC13.
Amendment made: 91, page 21, line 22, leave out paragraph (a) and insert— “(a) the person’s full name, date of birth, sex, ethnicity, and last permanent address; (aa) whether, immediately before death, the person had a disability within the meaning of section 6 of the Equality Act 2010 (other than a disability consisting of the illness or disease which caused the person to be terminally ill within the meaning of this Act);”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment expands the duty as regards regulations about final statements so as to provide that certain additional information is included in final statements.
Amendment made: 52, page 22, line 28, leave out clause 28.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC10.
Amendment made: 53, page 25, line 24, leave out clause 34.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC13.
Amendment made: 54, page 25, line 34, leave out clause 35.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC15.
Amendments made: 70, page 27, line 20, at end insert— “(ca) ensuring effective communication in connection with persons seeking assistance under this Act to end their own lives, including the use of interpreters;”.
This amendment provides that a code of practice must be issued covering ensuring effective communication in connection with persons seeking assistance under the Bill.
Amendment 71, page 27, line 35, leave out subsection (3).
—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on amendment 70.
Amendment made: 89, page 28, line 7, leave out clause 37. —(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC20.
Amendment proposed: 12, page 28, line 36, leave out subsections (4) and (5) and insert— “(
4A) Regulations under subsection (1) may not amend, modify or repeal section 1 of the National Health Service Act 2006.”—(Dame Siobhain McDonagh.)
This amendment would prevent section 1 of the National Health Service Act 2006, which sets out the purposes of the NHS, from being amended by regulations.
Its effect would be to require changes to be made by an Act of Parliament instead.
Question put, That the amendment be made.
The House divided: Ayes 223, Noes 269.
Question accordingly negatived.
Amendments made: 92, page 29, line 13, leave out from “Wales” to end of line 14
This amendment and amendment 93 ensure that the power under subsection (3) also covers provision securing that arrangements are made for the provision of services, so far as such provision is outside the legislative competence of the Senedd.
Amendment 93, page 29, line 27, at end insert— “(b) a reference to provision about voluntary assisted dying services includes in particular provision securing that arrangements are made for the provision of such services.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
See the statement for Amendment 92.
Amendment made: 21, page 31, line 15, at end insert— “(4) For the first reporting period referred to under subsection (2) (a) the report must set out an assessment of the state of health services to persons with palliative and end of life care needs and the implications of this Act on those services.
(5) The report under subsection (4) must, in particular, include an assessment of the availability, quality and distribution of appropriate health services to persons with palliative and end of life care needs, including— (a) pain and symptom management; (b) psychological support for those persons and their families; (c) information about palliative care and how to access it.
”—(Munira Wilson.)
This amendment would require the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to prepare and publish an assessment of the availability, quality and distribution of palliative and end of life care services as part of the first report on implementation of the Act (to be undertaken within 1 year of the Act being passed).
This would mirror the assessment already required as part of the 5 year review of the act.
Amendment made: 90, page 33, line 18, leave out clause 47.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on NC21.
Amendments made: 72, page 34, line 24, after “10(9)”, insert “(Regulation of approved substances and devices for self-administration),” This amendment provides that regulations under NC13 are subject to the draft affirmative procedure.
Amendment 73, page 34, line 25, leave out “or 39” and insert “39, or (Prohibition on advertising)”.—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment provides that regulations under NC14 are subject to the draft affirmative procedure.
Amendments made: 74, page 35, line 20, at end insert— ““domestic abuse” has the meaning given by section 1 of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021 (and accordingly includes behaviour that is controlling or coercive or that constitutes economic abuse);” This amendment defines “domestic abuse” for the purposes of the Bill.
Amendment 75, page 35, line 31, at end insert— ““learning disability” has the meaning given by section 1(4) of the Mental Health Act 1983;” —(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment defines “learning disability” for the purposes of the Bill.
Amendment made: 76, page 36, line 12, at beginning insert “Subject as follows,”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on amendment 77.
Amendment proposed: 77, page 36, line 12, at end insert “only.
(2) Sections (Regulation of approved substances and devices for self-administration), (Prohibition on advertising), 50 and 52, this section, and sections 54 and 55 extend to England and Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
(3) Section (No obligation to provide assistance etc)(8) and Schedule (Protection from detriment) extend to England and Wales and Scotland.”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment provides for NC13 (regulation of approved substances etc) and NC14 (prohibition on advertising), and the general provisions of the Bill, to extend to each part of the United Kingdom; and for NC10 (no obligation to provide assistance etc) and NS1 (protection from detriment) to extend to England and Wales and Scotland.
The House divided: Ayes 275, Noes 209.
Question accordingly agreed to.
Amendment 77 agreed to.
Amendment proposed: 94, page 36, line 25, leave out “Wales” and insert “sections 39(1) and (2) and (Provision about the Welsh language)(2) and (3) which come into force on such day as the Welsh Ministers may by regulations appoint.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment provides that the Welsh Ministers have power to commence clauses 39(1) and (2) and NC21(2) and (3), and that other provisions of the Bill come into force in accordance with subsections (1) to (4) of this clause.
Question put, That the amendment be made.
The House divided: Ayes 274, Noes 224.
Question accordingly agreed to.
Amendment 94 agreed to.
Amendment made: 95, page 36, line 26, leave out subsection (6).—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 94.
1
The Employment Rights Act 1996 is amended as follows.
2
After section 43M insert— “43N Provision of assistance under Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025 (1) A worker has the right not to be subjected to any detriment by any act, or any deliberate failure to act, by the worker’s employer done on the ground that the worker has— (a) exercised (or proposed to exercise) a right conferred on the worker under section (No obligation to provide assistance etc) of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025 (no obligation to provide assistance etc), or (b) participated in the provision of assistance to a person to end their own life in accordance with that Act, or performed any other function under that Act, in accordance with that Act.
(2) Subsection (1) does not apply where— (a) the worker is an employee, and (b) the detriment in question amounts to dismissal within the meaning of Part 10.
(3) For the purposes of this section, and of sections 48 and 49 so far as relating to this section, “worker” and “employer” have the extended meaning given by section 43K.” 3 (1) Section 48 (complaints to employment tribunals) is amended as follows.
(2) After subsection (1) insert— “(1WA)
A worker may present a complaint to an employment tribunal that the worker has been subjected to a detriment in contravention of section 43N(1).”
(3) In subsection (2), after “(1)” insert “, (1WA)”.
4 (1) Section 49 (remedies) is amended as follows.
(2) In subsection (1), after “section 48(1)” insert “, (1WA)”.
(3) In subsection (2), after “subsections” insert “(5YA),”.
(4) After subsection (5) insert— “(5YA) Where— (a) the complaint is made under section 48(1WA), (b) the detriment to which the worker is subjected is the termination of the worker’s contract, and (c) that contract is not a contract of employment, any compensation must not exceed the compensation that would be payable under Chapter 2 of Part 10 if the worker had been an employee and had been dismissed for a reason specified in section 98C.” 5
After section 98B insert— “98C Provision of assistance under Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025 An employee who is dismissed is to be regarded for the purposes of this Part as unfairly dismissed if the reason (or if more than one, the principal reason) for the dismissal is that the employee— (a) exercised (or proposed to exercise) a right conferred on the employee under section (No obligation to provide assistance etc) of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Act 2025 (no obligation to provide assistance etc), or (b) participated in the provision of assistance to a person to end their own life in accordance with that Act, or performed any other function under that Act, in accordance with that Act.”
6
In section 105 (redundancy), after subsection (2A) insert— “(2B)
This subsection applies if the reason (or, if more than one, the principal reason) for which the employee was selected for dismissal was one of those specified in section 98C.” 7
In section 108 (qualifying period of employment), in subsection (3), after paragraph (aa) insert— “(ab) section 98C applies,”.
8
In section 205 (remedy for infringement of certain rights), after subsection (1) insert— “(1XA)
In relation to the right conferred by section 43N(1), the reference in subsection (1) to an employee has effect as a reference to a worker.”
9
In section 230 (definitions of employees, workers etc) in subsection (6)— (a) after “43K” insert “, 43N(3)”; (b) after “Part IVA” insert “, section 43N”.
”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This new Schedule amends the Employment Rights Act 1996 so as to provide remedies for persons subjected to detriment for exercising or proposing a right conferred by NC10 or for participating in the provision of assistance in accordance with, or performing any other function under, the Bill.
Brought up, read the First and Second time, and added to the Bill.
Amendments made: 78, page 42, line 26, at end insert “, or (b) abstains from voting on such a decision.”
This amendment ensures that a panel must not grant certificate of eligibility unless all members consider that such a certificate should be granted.
Amendment 79, page 43, line 7, at end insert— “(2) As soon as reasonably practicable after making a decision, a panel must give the following a document containing its reasons for the decision— (a) the person to whom the referral in question relates; (b) the coordinating doctor in relation to the person; (c) the Commissioner.”—(Kim Leadbeater.)
This amendment requires a panel to give the persons mentioned a document containing its reasons for any decision made by the panel.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
There are reports of an extremely serious incident at Brize Norton, which is being described as vandalism but, if course, may be worse.
Will there be a statement from the Ministry of Defence later?
I can say that I have been given no notice of the incident at Brize Norton; I know nothing of the incident.
Those on the Front Bench will have heard the point.
I would not want to interrupt today’s proceedings.
If the incident was that serious and somebody was so minded, we could always put something on at the end of proceedings, but that would be for others, not for me at this stage.
Third Reading A huge number of Members have indicated that they wish to speak in the debate.
I hope that Members will restrict themselves to a reasonable amount of time—after the two opening speeches, I will advise on five minutes—to enable other colleagues to participate.
We need shorter speeches to enable all Members, or as many as possible, to contribute.
I shall make it clear that the Chair retains the right to impose a formal time limit, but I would rather colleagues helped each other.
After all, it is an important day, and we do want to hear as many views as possible.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It is an honour and a privilege to open the debate on Third Reading of the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill.
It has been a long journey to get here, and I do not underestimate the significance of this day.
It is not often that we are asked to wrestle with issues of morality, ethics and humanity, but with great privilege in this job comes great responsibility, and never more so than at a time like this.
Benjamin Franklin told us that “in this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.”
In this House we debate the latter incessantly, but here and in the country as a whole discussing death is something that we tend to shy away from, yet it will come to us all and to all those we love.
We all have our own experiences of death, loss and grief.
There are good deaths and bad deaths.
I, like many, have experienced both.
I appreciate that, for some colleagues, the journey to this point has been a difficult one.
I want to pay tribute to the way in which the overwhelming majority of Members have approached the subject.
Second Reading back in November was quite rightly seen as an example of Parliament at its best.
Contributions from across the  Chamber were incredibly powerful, the atmosphere was respectful, and people listened with care.
I hope that we will see the same today.
I want to thank you, Mr Speaker, and your team along with the fantastic Clerks and procedural experts who have ensured that parliamentary protocols have been followed and have guided us through the intricacies of what can be a complex parliamentary process—one that is steeped in tradition, but not always easy to follow.
Of course, process is important, but it is also important to remember that we are not voting on the merits of parliamentary procedure; we are voting on an issue that matters deeply to our constituents.
Indeed, the issue before us is very personal for many people—so many of our constituents, but many of us as well.
It is an issue that transcends party politics.
I thank colleagues from across the House who have shared their very personal stories with me.
I am grateful to all colleagues who have studied the detail of the Bill.
It is essential that we come to a decision based on the content of what it actually says.
I have been pleased to work with Members on all sides of the debate to ensure that the legislation is something that Parliament can be proud of—a cogent, workable Bill that has one simple thread running through it: the need to correct the profound injustices of the status quo and to offer a compassionate and safe choice to terminally ill people who want to make it.
I will not go into the amendments in detail, as I know that is not the purpose of this debate, but whether by adding further safeguards and protections for patients through additional training around coercive control, the addition of specialist expertise through the inclusion of multidisciplinary panels, widening the provision for professionals to opt out of the assisted dying process, providing additional employment protections, or prohibiting the advertising of assisted dying, cross-party working has strengthened the Bill.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way.
What level of concern does it give her that, between Second Reading and today, a growing canon of professionals and their independent professional bodies have urged great caution about this Bill, not on the principle, but because they are opposed to the details of this Bill and believe it should be defeated?