The vulnerable must be protected, and I believe that the Bill will indeed protect them—people who are disabled, and who have mental health disorders.
Profound sadness as our lives are ending is quite normal, and clinical depression should be treated, but my observation is that the patients we are talking about are clear-headed and very rational.
The idea that we risk opening a floodgate or some sort of mission creep is quite wrong.
People will have a choice, and will make arrangements to be used only if needed.
That will give final peace of mind—it is a final insurance policy.
Let me come back to the patients I have treated over my long career, and to the wise words of the nurse who has been my compassionate colleague for many years.
She said this was an essential change.
There was the matron who recalled the carotid blow-out of her patient as a student many years ago—an image that never left her.
There is the absolute sanctity of human life, but we are not dealing with a choice between life and death; we are dealing with death or death.
There is also the sanctity of human dignity, and fundamental to that is surely choice.
Who are we to deny that to the dying?
Many Members present will look forward to the day when it is possible for people in this country to die in peace, with dignity and at a time of their choosing.
The opportunity to bring that about is closer than ever before, but it can happen only if Members vote against the Bill today.
The express will of the House, as reflected in the Second Reading vote; the momentum generated by the Bill; and the support of the Prime Minister, as we understand it, to change the law have created a moment when it is possible to grasp the chance to bring in assisted dying legislation, but I warn Members that if this Bill passes, the case for assisted dying will be fatally undermined, and it will put back their cause for a generation.
I have sat through Committee and Report, listened to the oral evidence and participated in the debates.
This Bill, if it passes, will be challenged in the courts.
It will be subject to endless attempts to amend it in Parliament.
It will be difficult to implement effectively, and ultimately it will lose the confidence of the public.
It was immensely challenging to properly debate the Bill in Committee, because we frequently found ourselves needing an understanding of medical practice or points of law that MPs are not typically expert in.
We spent many hours, for example, debating whether or not the provisions of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 were sufficient for someone who was making the decision to die.
Of course, we consulted experts, and some said the provisions were sufficient, some said they were not.
I do not believe that this particular decision is one that politicians are best placed to make.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am sorry, but I will make progress.
We would all have been better served by asking a team of experts to evaluate the evidence, draw on their professional experience and come to a settled consensus among themselves on this point about mental capacity and, likewise, the questions we had about how best to approach anorexia within the context of assisted dying and whether the Bill provides a suitable framework for the provision and control of drugs designed for the ending of a life.
These are not political decisions.
They have, however, been decided by politicians, and we have approached them in our usual adversarial way, where the right answer is not the one arrived at after careful thought, consideration and consultation, but the one that can muster the most votes.
We have therefore reached a most unsatisfactory conclusion.
This legislation imposes duties and responsibilities on professionals who do not think them compatible with their expert practice.
It was amended in Committee to require that a panel approve an application for assisted dying, and that the panel include a psychiatrist.
The Royal College of Psychiatrists has stated that it opposes this legislation.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will not give way, sorry.
Assisted dying under this legislation cannot be implemented without psychiatrists, but they would be acting outside the advice and guidance of their professional body.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not giving way.
Will there be sufficient psychiatrists prepared to implement the provisions of this legislation, against the advice of their professional body, to ensure that enough panels can be convened for the purpose of facilitating assisted dying?
It is hard to see how there could be.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not giving way.
By contrast, many decisions are expressly reserved for politicians.
Should the limited resources of the NHS be used to deliver an assisted dying service, or should it be possible to offer the service as a profit-making enterprise?
What information should be collected and reported about assisted dying?
Who should oversee and regulate its practitioners?
Members of Parliament are to have no say over any of those matters at all.
Those are all powers to be reserved to the Secretary of State, to be decided behind closed doors.
Once again, this legislation grants these responsibilities to people who do not want them.
Neither the current Health Secretary nor the current Justice Secretary are supporters of this Bill.
After today, the House of Commons will be shut out of further decision making on this Bill, even though many of the decisions still to be made are rightfully ours to make.
The lack of professional consensus or acceptance of the requirements of this legislation, coupled with a lack of political scrutiny of many of its more important provisions, creates an unstable foundation upon which to build an assisted dying service.
For such a service to succeed, it  needs professionals willing to deliver it, who can have confidence that they are acting within the law and will be supported by their professional peers and by society at large.
I do not see how this legislation can deliver that.
It is instructive to compare this piece of legislation with the Abortion Act 1967.
That, too, was a private Member’s Bill, brought to this House by the Liberal MP David Steel, but it was preceded by a medical advisory committee chaired by the president of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, which approved the Bill.
The professionals who would be needed to enact the legislation had indicated their support for the Bill before it reached the Commons.
The Bill only delegated one power to the Secretary of State.
The legislation was hotly debated then as now, but once it was passed, it came into force within six months.
Remarkably, with the exception of amendments required to bring it into line with successive Human Fertilisation and Embryology Acts and to extend its provisions to Northern Ireland, the provisions that the Abortion Act brought into law have remained almost entirely unchanged in 58 years—until just this week, in fact.
The careful consideration of the issues that took place before the legislation came to the Commons, combined with the fact that all its provisions were included within the primary legislation to be debated and voted on in one go, has enabled a settled consensus to develop around abortion provision in this country, in contrast to other jurisdictions.
It has enabled vulnerable women to seek the help they need and given healthcare workers the confidence and support they require to meet those needs.
That is what we need, if we want to deliver a successful assisted dying service, and this legislation cannot deliver that.
If Members want assisted dying, vote against this Bill and make the most of the moment to press for a better approach that can deliver a sustainable framework, accepted and supported by the medical profession, and in which the public can have confidence.
If people’s lives are going to be ended prematurely as a result of this legislation that we pass, we cannot take risks.
We cannot afford to pass this Bill.
This is my first speech in this Chamber since the general election, and if I am honest, I wish I was not speaking in this debate, as I wish this legislation was not being put forward.
I have not always been opposed to assisted dying.
Indeed, in 2015, I voted in favour of the Bill put forward by Rob Marris MP, but that was before I served four years as shadow Minister for disabled people.
During that time, I spoke to hundreds of disabled people and the organisations that support them.
They were, and remain, extremely fearful of assisted dying.
I took on that role at the start of the covid pandemic.
Disabled people were disproportionately affected by the pandemic.
Nearly six in every 10 people who died were disabled.
Many had “do not resuscitate” notices unilaterally pasted on their medical records, without them being informed.
It made them fear for their lives.
It made them fear that the authorities thought that their lives were worth less.
It also made them fearful of what would happen if assisted dying was brought forward.
That is why Disability Rights UK and other disabled  people’s organisations have moved from the neutral position they had in 2015 to a position of opposition now.
I do not claim that every disabled person opposes assisted dying, but I do claim that the vast majority of disabled people and their organisations oppose it.
They need the health and social care system fixing first.
They want us as parliamentarians to assist them to live, not to die.
Disabled people’s voices matter in this debate, and yet as I have watched the Bill progress, the absence of disabled people’s voices has been astonishing.
They have wanted to engage.
Indeed, they have been crying out to be included, yet the engagement has been negligible.
I believe that only one disabled people’s organisation was given the opportunity to provide evidence to the Committee.
Furthermore, throughout Committee and at the initial publication stage of the Bill, accessible formats were not available.
A large-print version of the Bill was published several weeks after the original, but no other formats, such as easy read and British Sign Language, have been made available.
These are basic things that we should be doing when consulting on such important pieces of legislation, making it accessible so that everyone’s voices and views can be heard.
Many of those expected to deliver this legislation also do not want it.
They believe that it could destroy the doctor-patient relationship.
The experts have all been clear.
The Royal College of Psychiatrists, the Royal College of Physicians, GPs, disability charities, mental health charities and domestic abuse charities have all warned that the safeguards in the Bill are insufficient and will put vulnerable people in harm’s way.
I will finish by saying that I am not opposed to the principle of assisted dying, but until we have a system that supports the right to life, I cannot support it.
Until we ensure that all safeguards are in place, I cannot support it.
And until the vast majority of disabled people and their organisations support the legislation that is being brought forward, I cannot support it.
We are not voting on principles today.
This is real and we have to protect those people who are susceptible to coercion, who already feel like society does not value them, who often feel like a burden to the state, society and their family.
I urge anyone in this Chamber who has any doubts that this Bill does not protect them, who has any worries and concerns: please do not vote for it today.
Let us fix our NHS, social care and wider society first and then consider this topic again in the future, when the time is right.
I have not spoken so far in these debates, but I have listened and attended on pretty much all occasions.
I am moved to speak today because I am concerned.
This is the point that  the hon.
Member for Lewisham North (Vicky Foxcroft)  made, but what is this debate today about?
This debate is not about the principle of what we believe in when it comes to assisted dying—whether we are opposed to it or in favour of it.
We had that debate on Second Reading.
As the Mother of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , made very clear—in what I must say was an excellent speech—and as others  have too, today’s Third Reading debate is about what we are about to pass on to the House of Lords, which will become law.
And the single question we have to ask ourselves is: is this genuinely workable now?
The hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , who moved the motion, knows that I have a high regard for her—I have worked with her on other things—but I honestly have to say that I simply cannot see how we in this House can pass this piece of legislation through to the other House, in the vague hope that somehow it will do better than us and make changes such that it will become a workable piece of legislation, and that is because this is a private Member’s Bill.
If a Government were to introduce a Bill like this, we would see a great deal more input and a huge amount more checking with all those bodies.
For example, we were told on Second Reading that the safeguards and protections we were sending to Committee would somehow become the most robust and strongest in the world.
In fact, in Committee they got weakened, not strengthened, and that is the problem in all this.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give way on that point?
If the hon.
Lady will forgive me, I understand that many others want to speak, so I am going make a bit of progress if she does not mind.
The other important point, when we think about what our vote today is all about, is the behaviour of the professional bodies that have been consulted on this, which have come out for the most part very strongly opposed to this legislation.
Every medical college has retained a neutral position.
By my count—[Interruption.]
I will go on.
By my count, two or three medical colleges have said expressly that they welcome specific amendments to the Bill, and all MPs will have received the letter from senior psychiatrists, who include a former president of the college, who said: “We believe the draft legislation is workable, safe and compassionate.”
A number of safeguards have been included in the Bill.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman recognise that additional safeguards have been included and have been welcomed by various royal colleges?
I simply do not agree with the hon.
Lady on that reading.
The professional bodies are completely divided, and most have come out in opposition to the nature of this legislation.
It is all very well for her to say that, and I appreciate her right to say it, and I hope she gets to speak later, but I just do not agree with it.
As was said earlier in the debate, the whole issue of mental capacity is not dealt with properly in the structure of this Bill.
The hon.
Member for Spen Valley talked about this earlier, and she was absolutely right.
Even the amendments that were proposed were not always accepted, and we are left now with some areas that will be deeply troubling.
We simply cannot accept that the Lords must make these changes for us, for we have to make them first.
That is the key.
The one big important area here—I absolutely agree with my constituency neighbour the Health Secretary on this—is that we talk a lot about choice in dying, but  how is that choice informed if palliative care in the UK is simply not good enough?
Again, the Mother of the House spoke about this, and there are so many people affected: the most vulnerable; the people furthest away from institutions; and the ones who understand least how to work the health service or their local authority, and who rely mostly on us to try and break through.
They will be faced with this problem more than almost anybody else, because they look in fear on these institutions.
I helped to set up a children’s hospice, which I think was the first in London.
There have been many more since, but children’s hospices, as we know, are really badly treated by Government spending, pretty much no matter who is in power.
They have less than anybody else.
Haven House, which I helped to set up and raise money for, has given a very strong quote, which I think represents much of what most of those hospices have said: “We would fully agree that a change in the law would have very significant consequences for the delivery of palliative care services and would be challenging given the existing resource pressures that we face.
The hospice sector is experiencing significant financial pressures and the exceptional palliative care services we provide are not financially sustainable.
The introduction of assisted dying would create new and demanding requirements for palliative care services and hospices in particular.
It is therefore vital, whether or not the current legislation is passed, that the government takes urgent action to resolve” this matter.
That is the case today.
We cannot just say, “Well, that’s not our problem.
Palliative care can be changed.”
The trouble is that we have been unable to make the necessary changes to palliative care because we take such parti pris positions.
That is the problem we face.
I will end with this.
I will vote against the Bill, mostly because I believe it is fundamentally unworkable and will lead to huge problems.
We have seen what has happened elsewhere internationally—Canada, Oregon and various other places—where legislation slides and slides again as more and more amendments have to be made because these things are not workable.
To those who have any doubt, I simply say this.
This is Third Reading; it is not Second Reading—it is not an “in principle” debate.
We had that debate, and now we have to decide whether we should send this unworkable piece of legislation to another place, which is unelected, to make the decision for us because we cannot come to a conclusion.
We cannot let this go through.
I rise to speak in support of the Bill on Third Reading, because at its very heart are terminally ill adults: people who are dying; people who have less than six months to live; people who have tried to stay alive, to beat a terrible disease with expert medical treatment, but to no avail.
Now they face the inevitable: that they will die.
In fact, that is the only thing any of us know we will ever do, really.
I am sure that most of us think about and desire a peaceful, pain-free death where we slip off in our sleep at a ripe old age, having lived a good life, but the reality is that all of us and all our citizens—those for whom we legislate in this place—could face a painful and undignified  death.
That is why I believe that in the 21st century, like a growing number of other countries, we should change the law to permit choice at the end of life—or rather, choice towards the end of death—so that dying people can opt to have a death in the manner of their choosing and have an element of control over those last days.
YouGov polling published yesterday again showed that the public—the citizens we serve—back it too, with 75% supporting assisted dying in principle and 73% supporting the Bill as it stands.
As a co-sponsor of the Bill, and having served on the Bill Committee, I am pleased that it is had more scrutiny, challenge and debate than almost any other piece of legislation—over 100 hours, in fact.
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I am sorry, but we are short of time.
The changes that have been made, including many proposed by Members who do not support a change in the law but which have been adopted by the promoter of the Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , as well as those proposed during the process she has led in response to evidence submitted during the scrutiny process have led to a better Bill.
The Bill has greater safeguards for more vulnerable people, with mandatory training requirements, including in relation to coercion and capacity.
The Bill ensures judicial oversight of decision making by a range of experts, including psychiatrists, social workers and senior legal professionals.
The Bill will set out statutory protections for those workers who do not wish to take part in the assisted dying process on the basis of conscience, and quite right too.
The Bill will provide for one of the tightest, safest assisted dying laws in the world.
Importantly, the Bill has compassion at its core by affording dying people choice at the end of life.
I thank every one of my constituents who shared their views with me, whether for or against a change in the law.
I particularly thank all those who have disagreed with me, because good democracy and the right to disagree respectfully is hugely important; perhaps it is a debate for another time.
I also thank all those who have shared their personal stories of loved ones’ deaths, some brutal, painful and traumatic—a stark reminder that the status quo is simply unacceptable.
Others have shared experiences with loved ones who, in other jurisdictions, such as Australia, were able to have a peaceful death, surrounded by loved ones and at a time of their choosing.
As I come to a close, although not everyone would want to choose an assisted death, I believe that everyone should have the opportunity to choose one if they so wish.
It really is time that this House takes the important, compassionate and humane step towards making that a reality by voting for the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill.
That was a four-minute speech—thank you very much.
I now call the Father of the House.
I have served for many years with  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)  and, dare I say it, we have not agreed on everything over the years, but we have published a few articles on this topic.
Those articles have always started with the fundamental principle of the NHS.
Some of us—maybe myself included—have been rather critical of the NHS over the years, but at least when we go into the NHS, we know that everybody is really trying their best to preserve life.
That is the fundamental principle.
The reason why the right hon.
Lady and I both oppose the Bill is that, as has been said several times, we are not talking about just a principle here; we are talking about an actual Bill.
I know some people will criticise me and say, “Oh, you would oppose this, because of your religious views and all the rest of it.”
Actually, I take quite a sensible and, I hope, pragmatic approach to this.
I have listened to all these debates, and we have heard so many harrowing stories of people’s last hours.
I think we should treat people on both sides of this argument with respect, understand their points of view, and respect the dignity of dying people.
I have always taken the view that we should open up this debate.
Actually, I have brought forward a ten-minute rule Bill—which of course will be objected to at half-past 2 this afternoon—saying that we should have a full study, led by the Department of Health and Social Care, by health professionals, to work out how we can help people in their final hours.
I have been to many hospices and care homes, and talked to many palliative care specialists who assure me that they have the resources and skills nowadays to make those final hours pain-free and bearable, but we have heard testimony from others saying that that is not possible.
If they could convince me that there were some extreme cases where people were dying in agony, totally lacking in dignity in their final hours, then I would listen to those arguments, but I do not think that is the Bill that we have before us today.
I therefore urge Members to remember that we will be voting on a Bill, and I think that the Bill is so riddled through with difficulties and inconsistencies.
I think it will be subject to human rights legislation.
It is very difficult to argue that we can ask somebody to assist in a person’s death when they are within six months of dying of cancer—although there is no universal testimony or acceptance about how we work out those six months—but not if they are suffering from some appalling degenerative disease or are a quadriplegic or have no quality of life.
So I think there is actually an argument that, if we pass this Bill today, we will move in the direction of Canada and we will have death on demand.
I will end on this point.
Before voting for this Bill, just pause for a moment and think, “Wouldn’t it be better?”
We have heard about the many hours on the abortion Bill, and the universality of clinical acceptance of it.
Before we vote for this Bill, do we not think that we should ask the Health Department to have a profound and knowledgeable study, working with the royal colleges, on whether it is possible to have decent palliative care, not just in our wonderful hospices, but in all our hospitals?
There is no doubt that in recent years, particularly since Shipman, there has been a fear among many NHS health  professionals about providing that degree of palliative care—that degree of morphine, fentanyl or these hugely effective modern drugs.
So, just pause and think.
We are not voting on a principle; we can come back to this, and, at a later date, we can get consensus and we can have a really good Bill that will allow everybody to die in dignity.
I will speak briefly and cover just three points.
I do not expect to persuade those committed to opposing the Bill to change their minds; I hope that I do not persuade those supporting it to change theirs.
This is the time to put our concluded thoughts on the record before seeking their lordships’ opinions.
I start where I finished my speech on Second Reading: agency.
Since that debate last November, I have continued to meet constituents on both sides of the argument, and answered hundreds of letters and emails—I am sure that other hon.
Members have done the same.
I have met mainly with groups that oppose the Bill, including faith groups, because they have sought to change my mind.
I have not changed my mind.
I am still driven by the plight of those suffering unnecessarily at the end of life.
I wholly respect the decision of those who would not want assisted dying for themselves, but I cannot accept their right to deny that choice to those who would, for the most profound reasons, use the provisions of the Bill to end their lives.
The pain, suffering, indignity and degradation of a slow, painful, tortured death is something none of us would wish on a friend or relative—on anyone.
If that suffering at the end of life, in the narrow circumstances prescribed by the Bill, can be avoided, who are we to deny that?
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not going to give way.
The obvious qualification to what should be a clear and personal choice to leave life in a matter and at a time of one’s choosing is the risk of coercion, and that has rightly dominated much of the debate for the past eight months.
There are two points to be made here.
First, great effort has been expended, and is reflected in amendments to the Bill, to make the safeguards as comprehensive and watertight as possible, learning from and going beyond practice in other jurisdictions.
Compliance with the provisions of the Bill is a rigorous process, but it is also a practical one; it is designed to be transparent and to test the intent of the person seeking an assisted death.
Secondly, some say that that is still not enough, but with what are they comparing it?
The answer at best, and in some cases, is the status quo, which may involve an investigation post mortem as to whether assistance has been given—putting a caring loved one at risk of prosecution, but doing nothing to prevent those of malign intent.
Finally, although I have tried to see both sides on every issue, there is one point on which the opponents of the Bill are, in my opinion, just wrong: whether the Bill has, thus far, seen due process.
I have been in  Parliament for a month over 20 years, and I can think of few Bills of this length and scope that have received so much scrutiny and so many hours in Committee, or on which so much evidence has been submitted and comment made.
Members will vote against the Bill for many reasons, even though by doing so they restrict the choice of others.
They should compare the regime pre and post legislation and, I hope, decide that the Bill gives greater protection.
But I ask them not to vote against it because we have lacked the time or information to make a decision—we have not—or because we do not as a country have the ability to resource the Bill—we do.
A great trust and great opportunity have been given to the Members of this Parliament.
This is the moment of decision, and we should discharge it to the best of our ability.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak for the first time on this Bill; I did not vote on Second Reading in November.
In her opening speech this morning,  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  said that we could choose to vote with our heads or with our hearts, and I have been grappling with that tension and conflict over the past few months.
I am afraid that I cannot agree with the Chair of the Justice Committee,  the hon.
Member for Hammersmith and Chiswick (Andy Slaughter) , that the Bill is stronger now than it was on Second Reading.