I will set out why the Bill is not safe, and speak about the two amendments that I tabled: amendment 14, which we have nodded through today, and amendment 38, which we will not get the chance to vote on.
Amendment 14 dealt with the issue of voluntarily stopping eating and drinking, or VSED, which has been used as a “bridge” to assisted death in other jurisdictions.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend the Member for Spen Valley accepted that amendment, but let me be very clear: this does not close the anorexia loophole—that was the subject of another amendment.
Voluntarily stopping eating and drinking is not what happens to people with anorexia.
People with anorexia stop eating and drinking because they have a psychiatric illness.
Those are two categorically different issues.
I must make it absolutely clear that even though amendment 14 has passed today, it does not address concerns about anorexia or close that loophole.
Members in the other place are already raising the concern that, because this is a private Member’s Bill, they do not believe that they can provide all the necessary safeguards if we give a Third Reading today to a Bill that is not safe to be delivered to the public.
At least 60 women with anorexia in multiple countries have died by assisted death when they needed treatment, not help to die.
Every one of them was assessed to have capacity by two doctors.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress.
Hundreds of eating disorder experts, doctors, lawyers, charities, family members and people with lived experience urged Parliament to close this loophole and support amendment 38.
As a Committee, we failed to heed their warning.
We have now learned that the one remaining amendment that could protect people with eating disorders will not even be voted on.
Our responsibility is to make the Bill safe.
We know what happens when politicians think they know better than the experts.
Let us make it clear: the Royal College of Psychiatrists, the Royal College of Physicians, the Royal College of Pathologists, palliative care doctors, the British Geriatrics Society, almost every eating disorder charity and almost every disabled people’s group do not support this Bill.
That is not because they do not believe in the principle; they are warning us about the dangers of this Bill, and of getting this wrong.
Our job is not to be activists—to fight until our last breath for the principle, whatever shape or form it is delivered in.
Of course we believe in causes—that is why each and every one of us is in Parliament—but we legislators must listen to the experts, heed the evidence, scrutinise and debate the ideas that are before us, and deliver for our constituents laws that are safe, workable and effective.
We have a proud history; the likes of Florence Nightingale—the lady with the lamp—broke every barrier possible to heal the wounded, provide care for the vulnerable and reduce the chance of death.
Those are the principles that our great NHS was founded on.
We must ask ourselves whether those fundamental principles will still be intact if the Bill passes.
Will they be there to protect those who face a postcode lottery in healthcare and palliative care, the most vulnerable, and those who have faced the greatest hardships in life and feel like a burden?
Will those principles be there to protect those who feel like giving up, but whom we could help back up and push towards a better life?
Instead, we will be giving them a way to give up, even if they could have survived.
This is the question for all Members: what is the margin of error that we are willing to risk today when it comes to something as serious as death?
I urge Members to vote against this Bill.
The Mother of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , is absolutely right to stress the importance of giving a voice to the voiceless.
That is a role that many Members in this House take deeply seriously, including proponents of this Bill.
No one is more voiceless in this debate than those terminally ill adults who suffered painful, traumatic and undignified deaths under the current system, as well as their families.
Nothing that I could say makes the case for this Bill—not just the principle, but this Bill—more powerfully than this letter from my constituent, which is adapted to protect her anonymity: “Following a diagnosis of an aggressive tumour, my partner’s final days were agony.
He struggled to breathe and swallow and lost his ability to speak.
He was incontinent & developed painful bedsores.
He repeatedly asked for help to end his life.
I entered his room to see that he had stuffed yards of his top sheet into his mouth in an attempt to suffocate.
It was the most distressing sight and one I will never forget.
I live with this image and cannot share it with our children.
This could have been avoided with an assisted dying law.”
I agree with the hon.
Member that people in those circumstances should be able to seek an assisted death.
However, the Bill allows someone to say to a doctor on a panel, “I want to go because I do not want to be a burden,” even if they are not suffering at that point in time.
It also allows them to say, “I want to go now, so that my family have a larger inheritance.”
Why should we support a Bill this afternoon that allows those things?
The hon.
Member will be aware that the Bill creates a criminal offence that would punish those who would coerce a relative in such a way.
[Hon.
Members: “Self-coerce.”
] There are folks who talk about the concept of self-coercion, but others would frame such a decision as a choice.
Self-coercion is a choice.
My constituent said, “This could have been avoided with an assisted dying law.
My partner was from a jurisdiction where such a law exists.
A relative used that law.
They were able to gather their family, say a proper goodbye and die in peace and with dignity before losing all physical and mental capacity.”
Will the hon.
Member give way on that point?
I will not, to give others the chance to speak after me.
My constituent went on to say, “The procedure to enable this was protracted and had several safeguards which would prevent much of the concerns we hear about by those opposed.
I urge you to support this bill”— the Bill, and not just the principle.
I will do so because the status quo is completely unacceptable and must be reformed.
As a young doctor, I would have found the measures that we are debating completely unconscionable, but now that I am an old doctor, I feel sure that this is an essential change.
That is because of what I have seen over 45 years in hospitals.
Our patients are at the centre of my thoughts as we consider this profound change.
We must of course invest in palliative care, and we have some of the best palliative care in the world in this country.
Some will say that there are no limits to the comfort that expert palliative care can deliver, but that has not been my observation, particularly as I think about some of my patients with advanced, disfiguring head and neck cancers, and about the terrible loss of dignity and autonomy that I have seen.
That is what people fear, and that is why I believe that we are right to give people a choice—a final autonomous choice.
I applaud the Bill Committee, and thank the many witnesses who contributed, for this is not easy work.
The House has spent hours debating the amendments.
The panel of the legal expert, the social worker and the psychiatrist will ensure oversight and scrutiny, and I have no doubt that this is better than a single judge, no matter how distinguished or wise.
Family circumstances, free will and mental state will all be considered.
I do not think we will see coercion to undergo assisted dying; families are more likely to talk patients out of it.