I think we have covered that point already.
These are not homogeneous groups of people; they have different views and opinions.
If we look at the inconsistencies in the current law, it just does not make sense.
If someone with a terminal illness voluntarily stops eating and drinking, it is legal for them to starve themselves to death.
A competent patient has the right to refuse foods and fluids even if they will die.
The exercising of that right is sometimes proposed as an alternative to assisted dying.
I suppose it could be argued that starving oneself to death is one way of taking control at the end of life, but it is a deeply traumatic experience for the person and their loved ones, and there are people here today who have direct experience of that.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress.
We have a system in which it legal for someone to starve themselves to death, which can take days or weeks, but where it is not legal for someone to seek assistance from a doctor to take an approved substance themselves to end their pain or suffering and take back control in their dying days.
It is also legal in this country for someone to discharge themselves from medical care or refuse life-sustaining treatment such as ventilation, CPR or antibiotics, as long as they have the mental capacity to do so and are making the decision of their own accord, without harassment from anyone else.
Colleagues might think that is fine, and I agree, but there is no requirement for two doctors, a psychiatrist, and a social worker, and there is no lawyer or judge.
It is legal, yet what is being proposed in this Bill, with so many more safeguards and protections, is not.
It simply does not make sense.
rose— I am not going to take any more interventions, because lots of people want to speak.
Then there are the criminal offences that the Bill introduces—none of which exist now—including life imprisonment for anyone who induces another person to take the approved substance, and 14 years in prison for coercion, dishonesty or pressure.
It is a robust process that goes further than any other piece of legislation in the world, and it is far safer and significantly more compassionate than what we have now.
If we look internationally, there are clear, well-established, safe and compassionate assisted dying laws in existence.
On Tuesday I joined doctors from Australia who used three key words repeatedly: choice, control and relief.
Dr Greg Mewett has 20 years of experience as a GP and 22 years as a palliative care physician, and he spoke about the thorough approach that he has taken to ensure safety and efficacy of the assisted dying process.
Perhaps the most stand-out quote from that session came from Dr Jacky Davis, chair of Healthcare Professionals for Assisted Dying, who said that by introducing assisted dying, “no more people will die but far fewer people will suffer”.
This is not a choice between living and dying.
It is a choice for terminally ill people about how they die.
I fully appreciate that some colleagues would never vote for any version of this Bill, and I am respectful of that despite disagreeing with them.
However, I say to colleagues who are supportive of a change in the law but are hesitant about whether now is the time, that if we do not vote for a change in the law today, we will have many more years of heartbreaking stories from terminally ill people and their families, of pain and trauma—
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am going to finish.
There will be stories of suicide attempts, post-traumatic stress disorder, lonely trips to Switzerland, police investigations, and everything else we have all heard of in recent months.
As the Commission on Assisted Dying said in 2011, 14 years ago: “The current legal status of assisted dying [in the UK] is inadequate and incoherent.
It outsources a healthcare issue abroad, especially to Dignitas, instead of the Government and Parliament assuming responsibility.”
That was 14 years ago, and we are in exactly the same position today.
Things have got to change.
As the Government’s impact assessment states, the Bill will improve equity of choice, ensuring that terminally ill adults from all socioeconomic backgrounds can access end-of-life options within a regulated and safe framework.
I will draw my comments to a close.
There are essentially two ways in which we can look at the situation we are in.
We can look at it through a legal lens.
As legislators, we have a duty to change the law where it is failing, and when the last four Directors of Public Prosecutions tell us that the law needs to change, surely we have a duty to listen.
We need scrutiny before people die, not after.
Most importantly, there is the human lens, which is how I approach most things.
Giving dying people choice about how they die is about compassion, control, dignity and bodily autonomy.
Surely we should all have the right—
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am going to finish shortly.
Surely we should all have the right to decide what happens to our bodies and decide when enough is enough.
Of course, giving people the right to choose does not take away the right not to choose.
Today, we can vote with either our hearts or with our heads, but either way, we should end up in the same Lobby.
On a compassionate, human level, and as responsible lawmakers, we should support this desperately needed reform, which is rigorous, practical and safe, and which is rooted in the principles that should underpin any legislation: compassion, justice and human dignity.
I have no doubt that the vast majority in this House—probably every single hon.
and right hon.
Member—is sympathetic to the underlying motivation of the Bill, which is to ease suffering in others and try to avoid suffering where possible.
For the most part, the debate, both in this Chamber and in Committee, has been good natured and conducted in a way that we can be proud of.
There have been wider questions about the motivations of both the proponents and the opponents of the Bill.
Although this is not about any individual one of us, I think it is only fair that, because some questions have been asked, I put a few things on the record about my own position.
I do not come at this from a religious point of view—I am an atheist; I am a humanist.
My position is driven by my concerns about the practicalities of the Bill, rather than any religious viewpoint.
It has been suggested, particularly when people talk about their experience of talking to people who have lost loved ones or who are themselves terminally ill—this has been said to me on a number of occasions—that if we had seen someone suffering, we would agree with the Bill.
I have seen someone suffering.
Earlier this year, my closest friend died painfully of oesophageal cancer, and I was with him in the final weeks of his life.
I come at this from a position neither of faith, nor of ignorance, and I hope that the House will take those factors into consideration when I say what I am about to say.
On the TV last night, they did a survey of GPs.
The relationship between a GP and a patient is incredibly close.
When our children and grandchildren come into the world, our GP is involved.
When a GP has to deliver a diagnosis of terminal illness, there is fear not just in the eyes of the patient but in the eyes of the GP—the doctor, the friend we all have.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman recognise the importance of today’s debate and vote?
It will change forever that relationship of trust between the GP and the patient; it will do so in a negative way and it will never change ever again.
I will refer to the hon.
Gentleman’s point later in my speech.
I will try not to take too many interventions, because many people have not had the chance to speak in the debate and I want to give them the chance to do so.
On Second Reading I made the point that we need to think about the detail of the Bill and not just vote in accordance with the broad principles.
I made the point that, because it is a private Member’s Bill, the opportunity to change it fundamentally is limited, and so we have an enhanced duty to get it right first time.
We were told on Second Reading that a lot of the concerns, worries and detailed questions would be resolved in Committee.
We were promised the gold standard: a judicially underpinned set of protections and safeguards.
Those protections did not make it through Committee.
I have also heard people say, where there are still problems, issues and concerns, that the Lords will do that work.
But none of us should think that it is right to subcontract our job to the other place.
We are making an incredibly important and fundamental change, as  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  highlighted, in the relationship between medical professionals and those they serve.
If we make that change, we will introduce a small but permanent question mark in the minds of every patient, particularly a patient who is discussing a serious illness or terminal diagnosis: “What is this medical professional expecting of me?
What are they thinking?
Where is their head?”
Whereas, with the situation we have at the moment, the patient knows that the medical professional is dutybound to do no harm, and to preserve life and dignity wherever possible.
Next Tuesday will be the second anniversary of my sister’s death.
Three weeks prior to her death, we took her to hospital because she had a blood infection.
Despite agreeing to allow her into intensive care to sort out that blood infection, the consultant then decided that she should not go, because she had a brain tumour and was going to die.
She was going to die, but not at that moment.
I am sure, Mr Speaker, that you can understand that a very big row ensued.
I won that row: she was made well, she came home, and she died peacefully.
What does the right hon.
Gentleman think would happen in identical circumstances if this Bill passes?
The hon.
Lady asks me to speculate about a set of circumstances that are personal and painful.
I suspect that she and I both know that the outcome could have been very different, and that the moments she had with her sister, just like those I had with my dear friend, might have been lost.
We have to recognise that this is an important moment.
While I respect  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , I disagree with her assessment that it is now or never; that it is this Bill or no Bill; and that a vote against it on Third Reading is a vote to maintain the status quo.
None of those things is true.
There will be plenty of opportunities.
Indeed, we are dutybound, stimulated by this debate—which is why I do not criticise the hon.
Lady for bringing forward the Bill—to have a serious conversation about palliative care.
Many people will say that these are not conflicting or contradictory positions.
But—and I will crack on because otherwise you will tell me off, Mr Speaker—we know that there could be circumstances where assisted dying would be on a statutory basis and the provision of palliative care would not.
We also have to address the point that we can all pray in aid individuals and institutions to reinforce our positions on this, but we cannot subcontract our decisions.
Yes, we can fish around for people to come up with the perfect quote to reinforce our arguments, but another five minutes on Wikipedia, Google, or with friends of ours in the medical profession will find another voice that opposes that.
Yes, it is a mixed picture in the medical professions, but I am struck by the number of professional bodies that are neutral on the topic of assisted dying in general but opposed to the provisions within this Bill in particular.
We cannot just say, “They are neutral on assisted dying, and therefore this particular vehicle has to progress.”
We carry a responsibility—it is what we are sent here to do—and we need to take it very seriously.
We must be rigorous on the specific details in the Bill.
Just like the hon.
Member for Spen Valley, I do not have time to go through every single argument that was had on Second Reading, in Committee and beyond, but in order to ensure that we are rigorous, there are three fundamental questions that we should ask ourselves—not lean on our friends and colleagues, but ask ourselves—and ensure that we answer fully and honestly.
The right hon.
Gentleman will remember that, in 2021, he and I worked cross-party on identifying inequalities within certain communities and on getting them to come forward for the covid vaccination.
Does he agree that one question we parliamentarians need to ask ourselves is this: how is it right that some communities are denied basic healthcare within the current system; how is it right that some communities do not have access to good palliative care; how is it right that some communities still mistrust the medical profession; and how is it right that we are not listening to their voices?
The hon.
Lady makes an incredibly important point, and I will touch on that briefly in my remarks.
I am minded to take no more interventions, because otherwise I will be stealing time from others.
There are three questions we need to ask.
First, are we happy for this Bill—not for the principle, but for this Bill as drafted—to become law?
Many of the elements that I have already discussed are concerning.
In the criteria set out, medical professionals do not need to seek deeper motivation.
We have said there is not a real choice between palliative care and assisted dying, because one will have a statutory underpinning and the other will not.
As I say, the “gold standard” protections were lost in Committee, because a number of professional bodies and— Will the right hon.
Member give way?
I need to make progress.
A number of professional bodies have said they do not have the capacity.
They do not have enough people to fill the slots that this Bill demands of them.
Secondly, in terms of fundamental changes, are hon.
and right hon.
Members genuinely happy to write the blank cheque that this Bill demands?
It is normal for the Secretary of State of a Government Department to decide when a piece of legislation comes into force, and they make their decision based on the state’s ability to deliver that legislation.
Commencement dates matter; they are not just some arbitrary dates on a piece of paper.
I understand people’s desire to ensure that this cannot be lost down the back of the sofa when it comes to Government work, but when the people on whom we would rely to deliver this Bill say that they are not ready and that they do not feel that they will be ready—they do not have enough people and they do not have enough capacity, so they will have to take resource from current provisions to move across to this provision, which will be driven by a statutory requirement and a locked-in commencement date—we should listen.
If the people who are going to make this work—and work as well as we hope it will, if it becomes legislation—say that they are not confident that they can make it happen, we should be very careful about demanding that they prioritise this.
That is what this legislation says: they will prioritise this above any other work that they might otherwise do.
Thirdly—the hon.
Member for Spen Valley hinted at this, and I mentioned it in an intervention in an earlier stage of the Bill—on coercion, on the pressure that individuals put on themselves and on medical professionals raising the issue, we know that there are inequalities in health provision already, none of which will be addressed by the Bill.
There are certain communities, and certain people in those communities, particularly women, who are overly deferential to men and to men in authority.
Can we genuinely say that we have no fear whatsoever about a potentially vulnerable woman sitting in front of a medical professional who raises assisted dying?
Even if they do not imply that it is the right thing for her to do, the very fact that they bring it up will have a significant influence on that woman’s thinking.
We cannot believe that the effect will be completely neutral across all communities.
With the safeguards that have been put in the Bill, there will be a panel that looks at those issues and  asks questions like, “Has your doctor persuaded you to do this?”
Do we honestly think that a social worker, psychiatrist or lawyer is totally incapable of finding coercion?
That is exactly what the panel is there to do, and that is exactly what those safeguards will provide.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point, but I refer her to my second question.
Those bodies say that they do not have the people to populate those panels, yet that is what the commencement date demands.
The principle of having a person or group of people to protect against coercion is important—I am talking not just about coercion, but about how people perceive people in authority—but royal colleges and social workers have told us that they do not believe they will be ready to put those guardrails in place by the commencement date.
We should listen to them.
This is an important debate that has stimulated an important conversation, which demands our full attention, but I do not believe that the Bill is ready to go to the other place.
It is interesting that there are both proponents and opponents of the Bill who hope that the Lords will make significant changes to the Bill.
That should surely set off alarm bells.
Ultimately, because the Bill is such a fundamental change, we need to ensure that there is an enhanced level of scrutiny of its detail.
We all want to avoid and alleviate suffering wherever possible, but I do not believe that we have had the opportunity to get the Bill into the right shape.
That is why I will oppose Third Reading, and I encourage others to do likewise.
Order.
After the two opening speeches, we will now have a five-minute limit, and I hope that Members will restrict themselves to up to five minutes.
The Mother of the House will now give us a very good example.
This may be the most fateful Bill that we discuss this Parliament.
It is literally a matter of life and death.
I have heard talk today of the injustices of the current situation.
What could be more unjust than someone losing their life because of poorly drafted legislation?
We hear about panels.
The people talking about panels presumably have not had much to do with them.
I would not put my life, or the life of anyone dear to me, in the hands of a panel of officials.
I stress, right from the beginning, that it is perfectly possible to support assisted dying, as I do, but not be prepared to vote for this Bill.
There is so much that is problematic about it.
First, as I believe is widely understood, there has not been enough time to debate the Bill.
Secondly, a Bill of this seriousness should be given more time.
Does the right hon.
Lady find it rather peculiar that the previous Parliament spent 746 hours discussing the death of a fox and about 98 hours discussing the death of fellow humans?
There has been a lot of talk about there being no evidence of coercion, but within the family, the most powerful coercion is silence: it is the failure to answer when a question is put.
If police cannot spot coercion in domestic violence, how can they be expected to spot coercion in assisted dying?
The Royal College of Pathologists and the former chief coroner have pointed out that without a role for a coroner, the Bill raises the possibility of foul play.
When an amendment was tabled in Committee to deal with that, however, it was opposed.
The Bill would allow private for-profit contractors to run an assisted dying service with no profit cap and no transparency, but when an amendment was tabled in Committee to deal with that point, it was opposed.
We have heard—and we will hear over and over again in this debate—about choice.
This Bill may produce choice for those of us, like almost everybody in this House, who have for the entirety of their adult life been confident in dealing with authority and institutions, but even then, the Bill would need amendments.
But what choice does the Bill hold for someone who, all their life, has lacked agency, particularly in a family context, which may be particularly the case in certain cultures and communities?
And what choice does the Bill offer to those who lack access to good palliative care?
As the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has put it, our law should not “focus on the few who wish for assisted dying and do too little to support the majority of those facing their final days who want—and deserve—access to the best of palliative care.”
What choice is it for those who think that, because their doctor raises it with them at all, they are being guided in that direction?
An amendment that might have addressed that issue was rejected in Committee.
It is a possibility that proponents of the Bill do not take seriously at all, but anyone who knows how institutions work should be watchful of it.
I came to this House to be a voice for the voiceless—that has not always been favoured by my own leadership, but that is why I came to the House.
Who could be more voiceless than somebody who is in their sick bed and believes that they are dying?
I ask Members in this debate to speak up for the voiceless one more time.
There is no doubt that if the Bill is passed in its current form, there will be people among the most vulnerable and marginalised in our society who lose their lives unnecessarily.
I therefore implore the House to reject this Bill—not because I am opposed to assisted dying in principle, but because my concern is for vulnerable and marginalised persons and communities.
rose— Order.
I reiterate the admonition that Mr Speaker has offered.
This is one of the most far-reaching considerations that the House—even those of us who have been here for a very long time—can remember.
It is understandable that a lot of Members will wish to take part, from across the House and on both sides of the argument, but looking around, it is quite clear that we cannot accommodate everybody.
This means there will inevitably be a considerable number of interventions.
All I would say, gently, is that interventions will be taken into account when considering the order of priority in which Members are called.
I start off by saying a huge thank you to  the hon.
Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  for the extraordinary amount of work she has done across this whole debate.
This is the first time I have spoken in this debate, and, like many Members whose speeches I have heard, I come to it through personal experience.
I have heard many stories of people whose relations have died; in my case, it was my mother who died.
In 2012, she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
My father-in-law was a consultant, so I phoned him up and asked what that meant, and he said that she had a 90% chance of dying.
I was prepared for it, but eventually the time came when I got the call saying that her health had started to deteriorate, so I went down to see her—I spoke to the Whips, and took time off work here—and watched the start of the decline from something as painful and difficult as pancreatic cancer, which, as those who have witnessed it will know, was not a nice moment.
My mother was not frightened of dying at all.
She would talk about it; she knew that she was going to die.
However, she was terrified of the pain, and on many occasions, she asked me and Caroline, my wife, if we could make it end.
We could not, of course.
She had very, very good care from the NHS—the nurses came twice a day, she was on a morphine driver, and the GP came to see her, so she was looked after well.
However, as she deteriorated, we could see that she was in indignity and a huge amount of pain, until eventually, she died.
It was, of course, not one of the happiest moments of my life.
Contrary to that experience, two or three years ago, I found myself going to the memorial service of one of my constituents, who was a truly wonderful person.
She, too, had died of pancreatic cancer, but because she had been in Spain at the time—she spent quite a lot of time in Spain with her husband—she had the opportunity to go through the state-provided assisted dying programme that is provided there.
I spoke to her widower very briefly, and it was fascinating to talk to him about it: he said it was an extraordinary, incredibly sad thing to have gone through, but that it was something that made her suffering much less.
It was almost a sort of quiet Sunday afternoon when it happened.
I saw those two people—my mother, who had the indignity and the pain and the suffering that she was terrified of, and my constituent, who had the opportunity to end it in a dignified way—and when I came to this debate, I was absolutely convinced that this was the right thing to do.
I have spent the past six or seven months engaging as hard as I could with those who I hoped would be able to persuade me of a different decision—to try to persuade me that I was wrong in my assumptions.
I have spoken to a huge number of people; I have joined in meetings with campaigners; I have read every email that has come in; and I have spoken to doctors and religious leaders, and I have yet to be persuaded that this is a bad thing to do.
There has been a huge amount of debate here—over 100 hours of debate, when we add it all together.
There have been loads of amendments, and people on both sides of the debate have been incredibly thoughtful, but are we possibly getting rid of the good in trying to find the perfect?
I do not know—I am not the world’s greatest legislator—but having listened to these debates, and given what I have seen at first hand, at the end of the day, I can only go through the Aye Lobby to support the hon.
Member for Spen Valley in all this extraordinary hard work.
The time has come when we need to end   suffering, where suffering can be put aside, rather than trying to do something super-perfect and allowing too many more people to suffer in the future.
I start by thanking my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater) , all the Members who served on the Committee and, indeed, the whole House for the approach that everyone has taken to this Bill.
I want to make it clear that I came to this Bill with an open mind.
Like many, I supported it in principle at first glance, but this debate is no longer about the principle of assisted death—that is not the decision before us today; it is not the issue on which we will walk through the Lobby when we decide to vote for or against this Bill.
Our responsibility in this place is to make sure that the Bill is safe, workable and effective.
That is the test that will lead us to vote for or against the Bill today.
As the Bill stands, it presents a public safety issue.
I spoke to the hon.
Lady beforehand, and I understand her concerns.
They are the same concerns I have, on behalf of those who have anorexia, those with mental health conditions, troubled people—those who would be vulnerable when this idea was presented to them.
Does she think, like I do, that this Bill does not in any way address the issue of those who are vulnerable, when it comes to assisted dying?