Will my hon.
Friend give way on that particular point?
I am just going to make some progress, if I may.
But, as I was saying, it is an either/or decision for us today: either we vote for the safe, effective, workable reform contained in this Bill, or we say that the status quo is acceptable.
Over recent months, I have heard hundreds of stories from people who have lost loved ones in deeply difficult and traumatic circumstances, along with many terminally   ill people themselves.
I spent some time with some of these families yesterday.
They are real people with real stories and they deserve to be heard.
Adil’s terminally ill father took his own life by buying drugs on the dark web.
It was his third attempt, and Adil found him in a truly desperate state.
He and his sister will never get over that night, nor the police investigation that followed.
Katie waved her mum off as she made the lonely and costly journey to Switzerland, where she had a peaceful and dignified death.
But the family had no chance to say a proper goodbye and her dad made the journey home grieving and alone.
Others have had to watch their loved ones die harrowing deaths despite receiving excellent end-of-life care.
Warwick’s wife Ann, suffering from peritoneal cancer, had the maximum dose of sedative, but it was not enough to stop the choking and suffocation, and she begged him to help her put an end to her suffering.
But he did not want her last memory to be of him stood over her with a pillow.
There are many, many more such stories.
Perhaps most importantly, I have spoken to terminally ill people themselves.
We have spent a lot of time talking about them, but not always with them.
Pamela and Sophie both have terminal breast cancer, and they shared their stories yesterday.
Pamela is a proud Christian who just wants to have choice when her time comes.
Sophie, who is allergic to opioids, wants to ensure that her beautiful daughter has nothing but happy memories of their time together.
Not supporting the Bill today is not a neutral act.
It is a vote for the status quo.
It fills me with despair to think that MPs could be here in another 10 years’ time hearing the same stories.