After earning her B.A. from City College and a Master's in Health

Services Administration from the New School, Anita began a career that

would span urban planning, public health, and groundbreaking social

advocacy.
From her early work at the New York City Planning Department

and Montefiore Medical Center to her service on Manhattan's Community

Board 7, Anita has been a tireless force for equitable development,

healthcare access, and community empowerment.
Anita's visionary leadership at UJA-Federation transformed the

landscape of aging and disability services in New York.
She was

instrumental in launching the state's first programs for Naturally

Occurring Retirement Communities, helping thousands of seniors age with

dignity in the communities they helped build.
She led one of the first

Jewish communal responses to the AIDS epidemic and convened the

Federation's Task Force on

Family Violence, for which she was honored with the Governor's Courage

Award and the Woman of Valor award from the New York Board of Rabbis.
Perhaps most widely known is Anita's creation of the Reel Abilities

Film Festival, the nation's largest showcase of films by and about

people with disabilities.
Through ReelAbilities, Anita helped elevate

underrepresented voices, challenge public perceptions, and promote the

full inclusion of people with disabilities in American life.
As she celebrates 80 extraordinary years, I recognize Anita Altman

for her vision, her integrity, and her unwavering belief that all

people deserve to live with dignity, visibility, and respect.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 3, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 4

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related

Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Commerce.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine dismantling transnational

criminal organizations in the Americas.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the reauthorization of the

over-the-counter monograph drug user fee program.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy

To hold hearings to examine China's malign influence in

Africa.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Cheryl

Mason, of North Carolina, to be Inspector General, and

Donald Bergin III, of Virginia, to be an Assistant

Secretary (Congressional and Legislative Affairs), both

of the Department of Veterans Affairs.
4:15 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine the aging farm workforce,

focusing on America's vanishing family farms.
JUNE 5

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the Department

Request for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years

Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed

session in SVC-217.