Title: CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF ELISSA DeVITO; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
93

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF ELISSA DeVITO

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate a

devoted public servant, Elissa DeVito of Preston, Connecticut.
Elissa

is retiring from teaching at Waterford Public Schools after over 30

years of dedicated service.
Her decades of outstanding expertise and

dedication to her community will be sorely missed.
Elissa spent her early life in Rockville, Maryland before attending

Syracuse University where she met the love of her life, Michael.
Elissa

moved to Connecticut in May of 1991.
She and Michael lived in Groton

and Mystic before settling in Preston in 1994, where they have been

ever since.
Elissa chose a path of public service and has dedicated her life to

education and teaching.
For decades, she has worked as a teacher,

helping to shape the minds of generations of children.
She began her

career with Waterford Public Schools on November 30, 1992, at

Oswegatchie Elementary School.
She stayed at Oswegatchie until the fall

of 2009 when she transferred to Quaker Hill Elementary School.
While

Elissa has spent most of her career working with kindergarteners, she

has also spent a few years working with first and second graders.
Always going above and beyond to create a caring and supportive

environment for the students that entered her classroom, it has been

Elissa's mission to provide the next generation with the tools they

need to succeed.
Elissa is a natural educator and has been known as an

expert at teaching young students to read.
Students go from learning

the letters of the alphabet to reading books by the end of their time

in her classroom.
As she enters retirement, Elissa is looking forward to spending more

time reading, one of her favorite pastimes, visiting her daughters,

Samantha, Emily, and Alexa and going on trips with her husband Michael.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent constituents as devoted and

compassionate as Elissa.
Elissa has impacted hundreds of students

during her career.
Elissa will leave behind an expert skill set and

enthusiasm that will be hard to replace, but her 33 years of unwavering

dedication to the Waterford community will leave a legacy for years to

come through each and every one of her students.
Mr. Speaker, I ask

that my colleagues join me in recognizing Elissa DeVito's immeasurable

contributions and congratulating her on her well-earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SOPHIA RIVERA, GIRLS' SHOT PUT AND DISCUS STATE CHAMPION

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate Sophia Rivera

of Ephrata High School on winning gold medals in both girls' shot put

and girls' discus at the 2025 PIAA Class 3A Track and Field

Championship, held on May 23 and 24.
The 2025 PIAA Class 3A track and field championship took place on May

23 and 24,

during which Ephrata junior Sophia Rivera excelled in shot put and

discus.
On the first day, Rivera captured the state title in girls'

shot put with a distance of 43 feet, 3 inches.
Her domination continued

into girls' discus the following day, where a throw of 143 feet, 3

inches nabbed the gold medal.
Sophia Rivera's two state titles crown a spectacular season and a

complete sweep in the postseason, as Rivera won gold medals in both

events during the Lancaster-Lebanon League championship and the

District Three championship weeks prior.
With two state titles and a total of 6 gold medals during the track

and field postseason, Sophia Rivera has firmly established herself as

one of Pennsylvania's best in shot put and discus.
I offer my sincere

congratulations to Sophia on her success this year and look forward to

seeing what she accomplishes next.