CHOB-210

10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1829, to combat the

sexual exploitation of children by supporting victims

and promoting accountability and transparency by the

tech industry, and the nominations of Stanley Woodward,

Jr., of the District of Columbia, and Thomas Gaiser, of

Ohio, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, Ronald

A. Parsons, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the

District of South Dakota, and David Charles Waterman,

to be United States Attorney for the Southern District

of Iowa, all of the Department of Justice, Joseph

Edlow, of Maryland, to be Director of United States

Citizenship and Immigration Services, Department of

Homeland Security, and John Squires, of Florida, to be

Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property

and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark

Office.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 1397, to require the

Secretary of State to establish a quantum cooperation

program to enhance international cooperation in quantum

information science, S. 1463, to allow the Secretary of

the Interior to enter into memoranda of understanding

for the purpose of scientific and technical cooperation

in the mapping of critical minerals and rare earth

elements, S. 1478, to provide the United States

Government with additional tools to deter state and

non-state actors from wrongfully detaining United

States nationals for political leverage, S. 1579, to

provide for the treatment of the Association of

Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), the European

Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), and the

Pacific Islands Forum (PIF) as international

organizations for purposes of the International

Organizations Immunities Act, S. 1731, to require the

Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense to

develop a strategy in response to the global basing

intentions of the People's Republic of China, S. 1780,

to provide for congressional oversight of security

assistance to Mexico, S. 1801, to facilitate the

development of a whole-of-government strategy for

nuclear cooperation and nuclear exports, S. Res.
227,

condemning Hamas for its premeditated, coordinated, and

brutal terrorist attacks on October 7, 2023, against

Israel and demanding that Hamas immediately release all

remaining hostages and return them to safety, an

original bill entitled, ``Defending International

Security by Restricting Unlawful Partnerships and

Tactics (''DISRUPT``) Act, and an original bill

entitled, ``Taiwan Non-Discrimination Act of 2025''.
S-116

POSTPONEMENTS

JUNE 4

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the National Nuclear Security

Administration.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence

matters.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO MR.
ASHOOK RAMSARAN, A DISTINGUISHED CIVIC AND COMMUNITY

LEADER IN QUEENS, NEW YORK

HON.
GRACE MENG

Ms. MENG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Ashook

Ramsaran, a distinguished civic and community leader in my Sixth

Congressional District.
Mr. Ramsaran has been a resident of Queens, New York, since

emigrating from Guyana (formerly British Guiana) in 1968.
He is the

third generation of Indian indentured laborers who worked on British

sugar cane plantations after the emancipation of enslaved people in

British colonies in 1834.
His great-grandfather, Pooriye, arrived in

Guyana in 1853 aboard the ship Adelaide, and his great-grandmother,

Radhah, arrived in 1860 aboard the ship Colgrain.
His family faced

significant struggles and persevered under extremely harsh conditions

on the plantations.
Throughout the generations, they worked tirelessly

to build a better life in Guyana rather than return to poverty in

India.
Mr. Ramsaran was the first member of his family to attend school, an

opportunity he valued greatly.
He attended Auchlyne Church of Scotland

Primary School and Corentyne High School through a Booker Sugar Estates

Scholarship.
He graduated high school with diplomas from the University

of Cambridge and the University of London.