He also served on

the board of the Polk Education Foundation, where he helped channel

private-sector support into classroom resources, scholarships, teacher

recognition programs and professional development.
Hollis made a significant impact on the health and wellbeing of our

region.
As chairman of the board for the Lakeland Regional Medical

Center, he played a key role in guiding improvements to local care.
Through his work with the hospital's foundation, he helped drive

critical investments in enhanced services and modernized facilities to

meet the needs of a rapidly growing community.
His commitment to civic life extended to the arts and public

discourse.
He served on the board of the Polk Museum of Art, working to

increase access to arts education and cultural programming.
He also sat

on the board of LkldNow's parent nonprofit, underscoring his belief in

the value of informed and engaged local communities.
Hollis Hooks was more than a civic leader.
He was my friend, a fellow

elder at First Presbyterian Church of Lakeland, and a man of profound

integrity.
My prayers are with his wife Debbie, their children and all

who had the privilege of knowing him.
Hollis made Lakeland stronger,

and his example of humble leadership will continue to guide and

inspire.
May we honor his memory by living lives of purpose and service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE REAL ID GENDER REQUIREMENT REFORM ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the REAL ID Gender

Requirement Reform Act, which would repeal the requirement in the REAL

ID Act that REAL ID-compliant licenses include gender.
Instead, states

would decide whether to include gender on their respective REAL ID-

compliant licenses.
I am pleased Representative Maxwell Frost is co-

leading this bill.
Under this bill, if a state includes gender on its REAL ID-compliant

licenses, the state must allow individuals to change the gender

designation on their license through self-attestation.
It would also

require states that include gender on their REAL ID-compliant licenses

to have a neutral or other designation gender field, in addition to

male or female.
Under the REAL ID Act, gender must be included on a license.
This can

be problematic for transgender and nonbinary individuals.
I recognize

that some LGBTQ+ individuals do not want gender designations on

licenses at all, while others do want gender designation so as to

express their identity.
I believe this bill strikes the middle ground,

while showing Congress' support for LGBTQ+ individuals.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ANITA ALTMAN

HON.
JERROLD NADLER

Mr. NADLER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Anita Altman, a

distinguished New Yorker and cherished member of our community, who

will celebrate her 80th birthday on June 2, 2025.
Anita has devoted her life to building a more inclusive,

compassionate, and just society.
A proud daughter of the Bronx, Anita

was raised in a working-class Greek Jewish household by her parents,

Jack and Sarah, and her grandparents Anna and Zadick Coffino, who

emigrated from the Ottoman Empire and made their home on the Lower East

Side.
From these deep roots, Anita cultivated a lifelong commitment to

public service, Jewish communal life, and progressive social change.
After earning her B.A. from City College and a Master's in Health

Services Administration from the New School, Anita began a career that

would span urban planning, public health, and groundbreaking social

advocacy.
From her early work at the New York City Planning Department

and Montefiore Medical Center to her service on Manhattan's Community

Board 7, Anita has been a tireless force for equitable development,

healthcare access, and community empowerment.
Anita's visionary leadership at UJA-Federation transformed the

landscape of aging and disability services in New York.