Sophia Rivera's two state titles crown a spectacular season and a

complete sweep in the postseason, as Rivera won gold medals in both

events during the Lancaster-Lebanon League championship and the

District Three championship weeks prior.
With two state titles and a total of 6 gold medals during the track

and field postseason, Sophia Rivera has firmly established herself as

one of Pennsylvania's best in shot put and discus.
I offer my sincere

congratulations to Sophia on her success this year and look forward to

seeing what she accomplishes next.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DALE W. SISSON, JR.
HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Dale W. Sisson,

Jr., on his retirement from the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Dahlgren

Division (NSWCDD), after a distinguished career dedicated to serving

our nation.
Mr. Sisson's commitment to the Navy and to the advancement of our

national defense is truly commendable.
He has served NSWCDD with

distinction for over two decades, culminating in his role as Technical

Director, where he oversaw a $1.8 billion portfolio of research,

development, test, and evaluation.
His leadership of the 4,930-member

NSWCDD workforce has been instrumental in ensuring the technical

excellence of complex naval combat, sensor, weapon, and strategic

systems, making Dahlgren a vital asset to our national defense and a

source of pride for Virginia's First Congressional District.
Prior to his role as Technical Director, Mr. Sisson served as the

Executive Director of the Naval Ordnance Safety and Security Activity

(NOSSA) and Deputy for Weapons Safety, Naval Sea Systems Command

(NAVSEA).
In these critical roles, he was responsible for providing

executive and technical direction for all ordnance surety programs

assigned to NOSSA and ensuring the safety and effectiveness of our Navy

and Marine Corps munitions through his work with the Department of the

Navy's Weapon System Explosives Safety Review Board.
Mr. Sisson's prior leadership roles at NSWCDD, including his tenure

as Head of the Electromagnetic & Sensor Systems Department and his

detail as Director of Systems Engineering within the office of the

Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, Test,

& Evaluation (DASN (RDT&E)), further demonstrate his dedication and

expertise.
His contributions to the Navy's development of laser

weapons, recognized with the Department of the Navy's Superior Civilian

Service medal in 2015, exemplify his innovative spirit and technical

prowess.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Mr. Dale W.

Sisson, Jr., for his years of dedicated service to our Nation and in

wishing him all the best in his well-deserved retirement.
He has made a

significant and lasting impact on our national security, and we are

deeply grateful for his contributions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF HOLLIS HAMILTON HOOKS, A PILLAR OF THE LAKELAND

COMMUNITY

HON.
SCOTT FRANKLIN

Mr. SCOTT FRANKLIN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life and legacy of Hollis Hamilton Hooks, a lifelong Lakelander whose

quiet leadership and steady service left a lasting impact on the

community he loved.
Hollis never sought the spotlight, but his influence was deeply felt

throughout Polk County.
From his early work in Washington to a

successful career in financial services, he remained guided by a strong

sense of duty to give back.
In 1992, Hollis was elected to the Polk County School Board, where he

helped lead the district's first strategic planning effort.
He

championed policies to expand school choice and raise academic

standards through the development of magnet programs.
He also served on

the board of the Polk Education Foundation, where he helped channel

private-sector support into classroom resources, scholarships, teacher

recognition programs and professional development.
Hollis made a significant impact on the health and wellbeing of our

region.
As chairman of the board for the Lakeland Regional Medical

Center, he played a key role in guiding improvements to local care.