Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Edgar ``Pete'' Peters has been a dedicated and hardworking operations agent with Southwest Airlines for the past 27 years.
In 1998, the young Army veteran joined Southwest Airlines as a ramp agent in Baltimore, Maryland.
He later accepted his current position and transferred to the Southwest Airlines operations in Orlando, Florida.
Pete has worked in many capacities over the years, including as a member of the Safety and Emergency Care team, a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion representative, and as a training coordinator.
He has been awarded many honors, including Operations Agent of the Quarter on several occasions and Operations Agent of the Year.
His passion for helping others and giving back to the community has led him to create The Ann Hewan Foundation, which contributes to his native Jamaica from his Lake Nona community in Central Florida.
Pete, as he is known throughout the area and community, is heavily involved in charity work that supports underprivileged children.
Each year, Pete collects, solicits, purchases, and ships back-to-school items, such as notebooks, pencils, backpacks, restored computers, and clothing items, to Jamaica, where he partners with a local school and charity in the community.
Throughout the school year, he collects and donates some of his own money to help support the Goodwill Infant and Primary School Breakfast Program, which now operates three days a week, providing breakfast to underprivileged children at school who are unable to get it at home.
Pete's current project is assisting a local community charity in building a proper playing field for the kids at the Goodwill Primary and Infant School, which is almost 50% complete.
The playing field will be used for recreational purposes and extracurricular activities, bringing joy and a sense of pride to the children and the community upon completion.
Pete also helps out and supports local charity events around Central Florida communities and around the Southwest Airlines system.
Pete's dedication and low-key approach are what keep him going.
As the son of Pinkie Hewan, who migrated to the United States in search of a better life, Pete's passion and understanding create the high octane for helping others and treating them with respect.