Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Literacy KC, Kansas City's only adult-focused literacy organization, for their exceptional work challenging illiteracy in Missouri's Fifth Congressional District.
For forty years, Literacy KC has ceaselessly pursued its mission of promoting literacy for all and has empowered thousands of low-literate individuals through the organization's direct services, advocacy work, and community collaboration initiatives.
Literacy KC was born out of a passion for community engagement and mutual support.
In 1985, a group of volunteers led by Catherine Mathews perceived a need for adult literacy services and took the initiative to form a small, literacy tutoring group.
Initially, with only a handful of students, the organization worked out of the basement at Country Club Congregational Church and relied solely on volunteer labor.
Mathews affiliated the organization with the National Laubach Literacy Council, which gave the fledgling group access to curriculum and materials.
Mathews and her team of unpaid instructors called themselves the Kansas City Laubach Literacy Council before changing their name to Literacy KC.
What began as an ambitious dream eventually became a reality, with the organization hiring an executive director and full-time staff as classroom sizes swelled and funding was secured.
Literacy KC has advocated tirelessly for adult education programs since its inception, working to acknowledge and address the barriers low-literate adults face in the workforce and in daily life.
Whether via direct service programs or advocacy efforts, Literacy KC seeks to address the consequences of low literacy--including an increased likelihood of poverty, incarceration, and health problems--for the 225,000 adults in the Kansas City area that are classified as low-literate.
Literacy education provides innumerable benefits, both to individuals and to our society at large.
Greater literacy rates are correlated with higher levels of economic output, improved health outcomes, heightened civic participation, and decreased crime levels.
Beyond practical considerations, the ability to read opens a portal of knowledge, discovery, and imagination that can transport readers across time, throughout space, and beyond reality.
Literacy KC does not just focus on the downstream consequences of illiteracy, but works with thousands literacy provides, empowering learners with the tools needed to improve their own lives.