Ms. BROWNLEY.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Bryan MacDonald, Mayor Pro Tem of the City of Oxnard, a notable public servant whose unwavering dedication has left an indelible mark on our community.
Bryan's service to Oxnard began in 2008 when he was first elected to the City Council, and his leadership and commitment to public service have been steadfast throughout his tenure.
He was re-elected in 2012, 2016, and 2020, demonstrating his ongoing dedication to the city's growth and prosperity.
In 2020, Bryan was appointed Mayor Pro Tem, a role that has allowed him to further influence the city's progress and address the needs of its residents.
Prior to his time in local government, Bryan served for 30 years in the Oxnard Police Department, retiring as Assistant Chief.
His leadership in law enforcement has been a pillar of the city's public safety efforts and continues to serve as a lasting testament to his dedication and commitment to our community.
Beyond his roles in law enforcement and city governance, Bryan continues to share his wealth of knowledge as an Adjunct Professor of Criminal Justice at Ventura College.
His influence extends well beyond the classroom, as he has taken on leadership positions with organizations that impact the entire community.
Bryan has served as the Chairperson for the American Cancer Society Gold Coast Community Council, Board President of the Elite Theatre Company, and is an active member of the Alcohol and Drug Advisory Board for the County of Ventura Behavioral Health Department.
He is also deeply involved with the Knights of Columbus, Council 750, and has contributed countless hours to making Oxnard a better place for all.
A long-time resident of Oxnard, Bryan and his wife Lorraine have called this community home since 1985.
Together, they have been a constant presence in our city, investing in its people, its future, and its wellbeing.
As Bryan steps down from his role on the City Council, I join our community in expressing our appreciation for his immense contributions to public safety, education, and the overall commitment to building a better and stronger Oxnard.
From his distinguished career in law enforcement to his leadership in governance and his community involvement, Bryan MacDonald has served our community well.