Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the retirement of Cindy Aubrey from Pikes Peak United Way after ten years of dedicated service to Colorado's Fifth Congressional District.
The CEO role at PPUW has been the culmination of a lifetime of service to her hometown.
Cindy is known for her strong work ethic, visionary leadership, and her loving service of others.
These qualities manifest in numerous capacities: as a daughter, a sister, a friend, a mentor, or a colleague.
Cindy's career and impact demonstrate the rare combination approach.
Cindy has exemplified putting her neighbors above herself and uplifting those around her in every way that she could.
A proud Colorado native, born and raised in Colorado Springs, Cindy graduated from Mitchell High School.
Cindy then graduated from Colorado State University where she was and remains a proud CSU Ram.
After college, Cindy started her media career at Fox 21 before moving to KOAA, where she led the Creative Services Department and later the News Department.
In these roles Cindy helped inform and shape our community, while gaining the respect of the entire community for her outstanding work.
After developing a heart for the Pikes Peak region in her media career, Cindy continued the mission of community service by taking on the role of Chief Communications Officer with the City of Colorado Springs.
It was here that she served during some of the greatest challenges in our region's history--the Waldo Canyon and Black Forest fires.
Working tirelessly with first responders and other city officials, Cindy provided residents with vital, accurate, timely information, and did so with empathy and humility.
In some ways as a culmination of her life's mission of community service up to this point, Cindy took on a new endeavor with Pikes Peak United Way, first as the Senior Vice President of Marketing, and eventually, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Under Cindy's guidance Pikes Peak United Way created new initiatives and partnerships that expanded the organization's already extensive impact.
This included celebrating 100 years of Pikes Peak United Way serving the Pikes Peak region and partnering with many other organizations to launch the Family Success Center, offering a broad range of services to empower those in need in our community.
In addition to her leadership in the Pikes Peak region, Cindy has been recognized for and awarded the Colorado Springs Business Journal Woman of Influence award, the Public Relations Society of America Vista Award, the Colorado Coaches for Charity MVP award, and the Business Leader of the Year from the Southern Colorado Women's Chamber of Commerce.
It is evident that Cindy's impact is broad and deep in our community.
Cindy and her husband Peter are parents to Liam and his wife Tori and now Grammy to their beautiful granddaughter, Azaela Joy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in Congress join me in congratulating her upon her retirement and celebrating the life and dedicated service of a true champion for the Pikes Peak region, Cindy Aubrey.