Mr.  PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Staff Director, Sophie Mirviss, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
In October, Sophie departed my office for a new opportunity to serve as the Chief of Staff to the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for the Middle East and I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Sophie's journey as a public servant began just after she graduated from Johns Hopkins University in 2018 with a bachelor's degree in international studies and a minor in economics.
Though she was initialjy hired as my scheduler, her expertise in foreign policy led her to become my National Security Legislative Assistant.
Soon after, she joined the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East.
North Africa, and Global Counterterrorism in which she served under Reps, Ted Deutch (FL-22) and David Cicilline (RI-0 1).
In this time, she worked her way up from Professional Staff Member to the Subcommittee Staff Director all the while pursuing a master's degree in defense and strategic studies at the U.S. Naval War College.
As a Minnesota District Three native.
Sophie understands how diplomacy and conflicts in far-away lands can impact our own communities, which has made her a wonderful advocate for our constituents in the foreign policy sphere.
Sophie is a powerhouse.
She is not only a master knitter, but also an embodiment of what every congressional staffer strives to be.
Confident in her abilities and fearless in her pursuit of peace through better policy, she brings a fire and intensity to her work that inspires everyone to be the best version of themselves.
Sophie is just the type she is smart, determined, loyal, and a joy to be around.
For that, we've been extremely grateful to have her on our team.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that she will continue to do this work and serve the Nation.
I wish Sophie all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for six years of faithful service to this Nation.