Order.
Many Members wish to speak, but they will not get in if we are not careful.
Yes, I acknowledge that the Maude report had some very useful contributions.
I am reflecting on that and will give a more substantial response and comment in due course.
I listened very carefully to the Paymaster General’s replies to my colleagues about the contaminated blood scandal.
Can he guarantee that we will have a statement to the House before the Christmas recess?
No, I cannot guarantee that, because I do not yet have collective agreement, but I am working towards that ambition and that is what I want to achieve.
Why have Scotland and Wales been able to set up psychological support services for the victims of the contaminated blood scandal, but England has not?
It is because I have not yet secured collective agreement to do so.
The funds are available, and it is absolutely right that we bring that forward as soon as possible.
Again, that is one of the activities that I will be engaged in resolving later this morning.
Further to the questions from  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  and  the hon.
Member for Edmonton (Kate Osamor) , what assessment has the Minister made of the number of people who have sadly passed away this year due to infected blood before their compensation has been available for claiming?
I do not have that number for the hon.
Gentleman, but the point he makes illustrates the urgency of the work in which I am engaged and the need to ensure that over the next 10 to 12 working weeks—by the expected date for the report’s publication—the Government can bring forward a comprehensive response.
We will now suspend until 10.30.
Sitting suspended.
Before we move to business questions and resume the debate on the autumn statement, I remind hon.
Members that after they have spoken in a debate or in questions they must, at the very minimum, remain in the Chamber for at least the next two speeches or the next two questions.
They must also return to hear the winding-up speeches from both the Opposition spokesperson and the Minister at the end of the debate.
It has got worse, and it will not be tolerated.
If for any reason a Member is unable to return to the Chamber for the wind-ups, they are welcome to approach the Chair and withdraw their request to speak in the debate.
Records are kept when Members speak and fail to return, and this is taken into account when deciding whether to call Members in subsequent debates.
Both the Minister and the Opposition spokesperson responding to the debate are expected to remain in the Chamber for the majority of the debate so that they can respond effectively to the points raised by other hon.
Members.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  27 November  will include: Monday 27 November —Conclusion of debate on the autumn statement.
Tuesday 28 November —Second Reading of the Criminal Justice Bill.
Wednesday 29
November —Remaining stages of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill.
Thursday 30 November —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) Bill.
Friday 1 December —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  4 December  will include: Monday 4 December —Remaining stages of the Victims and Prisoners Bill.