The Minister says that there is “a network of ethics systems” for the appointment of Ministers, so let me ask a simple question: when was the last time Lord Cameron was not domiciled in the UK?
That is a question for Lord Cameron, but I would be amazed if he had not been domiciled in this country for his entire life.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of staff turnover in the civil service on domain knowledge and subject expertise among senior civil servants.
In July 2022 we launched a policy setting the expected assignment durations for the senior  civil service—the SCS1 and SCS2 roles—at a default minimum of three years, to support the transfer of knowledge management and subject expertise.
The initial impact of the policy will be reviewed by July next year, and there will be a fuller review in July 2025, following the completion of the first three-year cycle.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on his appointment—and a very welcome one it is too.
Does he acknowledge that although the problem of churn and generalism in the civil service has been around for 50 or 60 years, since the Fulton inquiry in the 1960s under Harold Wilson, it has become worse and worse?
I thank him for the evidence that the Government have submitted to the Liaison Committee’s inquiry on strategic thinking in Government and how Select Committees can better scrutinise it, but if the Government do not have in place the experts and the people with domain knowledge, domain expertise and subject experience, there is not likely to be much good strategic thinking going on, given that Ministers often seem to know more about the subjects than the officials they are dealing with.
May I invite my right hon.
Friend to give us a supplementary note for the inquiry, so that we can understand their thinking on this matter more deeply?
My hon.
Friend obviously knows a great deal about this as a result of his distinguished 31 years of experience in the House, but pivotal role allowances have been in place for 10 years to help us to retain certain key individuals.
A number of initiatives were introduced by my distinguished predecessor Lord Maude, the former right hon.
Member for Horsham, and I intend to build on those, but I am happy to engage with my hon.
Friend, because this is a serious issue.
In 2022, the last year for which we have figures, there was a 12.4% turnover from the senior civil service, and resignations were at 5%.
We need to look carefully at what that means across different roles, and at how we can retain the specialisms for longer periods so that key Government programmes benefit from the sort of leadership that has enduring expertise at the table.[Official Report,  6 December 2023 , Vol. 742, c. 4MC.]
What steps he is taking to increase transparency of lobbying by businesses.
The Government outlined wide-ranging improvements to transparency in lobbying in their policy statement “Strengthening Ethics and Integrity in Central Government”, which was published in July.
They include revising guidance to widen the range of lobbying engagements declared by Departments, and linked reforms of the consultant lobbying framework.
If you are one of the tens of thousands of small and medium-sized enterprises bidding for contracts from the public sector, you will be met with a wall of bureaucratic paperwork designed to prevent relationships between the contractor and the service provider.
If you are an ex-Prime Minister, you can make dozens of phone calls on behalf of an interest in which you seem to have been involved, including nine texts to the current  Prime Minister.
Is it not clear that that was reprehensible behaviour, and that the lobbying rules allowed it to happen?
When will the Minister tighten the lobbying rules properly to prevent people from being able to benefit from the old system of “It is not what you know, but who you know”?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous answer; we have published a document called “Strengthening Ethics and Integrity in Central Government”.
On small and medium-sized enterprises, I am delighted to be able to tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Procurement Act 2023, which recently received Royal Assent, will make life much easier for SMEs that want to do business with the Government and get a share of the £300 billion of public procurement this Government have to offer.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The accession of His Majesty the King marked a new chapter in our nation’s history.
This month, the Cabinet Office launched a scheme to make new portraits of His Majesty available to all public institutions.
After the splendour of the coronation, this is a fitting addition to the fabric of our public life.
The Cabinet Office has also led efforts on artificial intelligence, including setting up a new AI incubator made up of a team of technical experts.
We will use our convening power to drive AI adoption across Government.
I asked my constituent, who is sadly personally affected by the infected blood scandal, what he wants to hear from the Government.
All he wants is to see justice and receive assurances that nothing similar is ever allowed to happen again.
Following on from Question 3, asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , and for victims’ peace of mind, can the Minister ensure transparency in implementing the inquiry’s final recommendations so that, ultimately, this House can hold him accountable?
The hon.
Lady will have heard the answers given by my right hon.
Friend, the Paymaster General.
He has given a clear commitment, which I am very happy to endorse from the Dispatch Box, on both transparency and speed of response.
That is the approach that he and I are pursuing.
My constituents who run small and medium-sized enterprises constantly complain about their ability to get Government contracts.
The passing of the Procurement Act 2023 will obviously make that a lot easier.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on when that will be enacted?
What will be the benefits to SMEs not only in my constituency but across the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Procurement Act is a landmark piece of legislation that is going to  make life considerably easier for SMEs, and it will do that in a number of ways.
A new online procurement platform will make it easier for people to enter information once and use it many times, and make it easier to see the pipeline of upcoming contracts.
Crucially, contracting authorities will also now have to have regard to the needs of SMEs in order to break down barriers and give them a bigger share of the pie.