I am always very grateful, Mr Speaker—thank you very much.
Such a creep!
Well, you know.
I see from the Order Paper that the Committee of Selection has done its business, and hopefully the House will agree the membership of the Backbench Business Committee on Monday  night, which will mean that it will be able to meet on Tuesday afternoon.
I gather that the Committee Clerks already have a dozen applications to be heard on Tuesday afternoon, so we look forward to getting back to work.
We are also looking to the Leader of the House to award us a constant flow of time in which to air those debates, both here in the Chamber and in Westminster Hall.
Yesterday, we heard that benefits will be uprated from April and national insurance will be reduced from January, but overnight we also got news from Ofgem that it intends to raise the energy price cap by 5% from January.
An inordinate number of my constituents are already spending more on daily standing charges than they can afford to spend on heating their homes and feeding their families.
I understand that the Government intend to look at this issue, or are looking at it, but given what has happened in the last couple of days, could I ask for that work to be speeded up and done in anticipation of the price cap being raised in January?
First, I thank the hon.
Gentleman for the advert about the timetable for his Committee being re-established, which is very good news.
We will certainly, as always, make sure there is time for the debates that hon.
Members wish to have.
The hon.
Gentleman will know from the answer I gave to the shadow Leader of the House that we have the energy price guarantee in place until the end of March next year, but I know that the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero will want to update the House on the ongoing work to which he alludes.
I shall make sure that she has heard what he has said, and of course he knows how to raise it with her directly.
Over the last seven weeks, we have seen over 15,000 innocent men, women and children killed; hospitals, churches, mosques, refugee camps and homes attacked; numerous instances of war crimes; and food, water, power and medicine cut off in an act of collective punishment that is in violation of international law.
Yet, even as over 2 million people remain trapped in the never-ending humanitarian nightmare in Gaza, we still have not had a substantial debate in this Chamber on the conflict.
This is one of the most important issues to my constituents and to constituents of many hon.
Members, so will the Leader of House finally allocate Government time for a substantial debate on this critical issue?