The Deputy Prime Minister has just said that he does not recognise the alleged remark of the Prime Minister, who is supposed to have said “just let people die and that’s OK”, as set out by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) .
I am sure that the Deputy Prime Minister would agree that the way to deal with this is through transparency with the ongoing inquiry.
I wrote to him last month to ask him about the Prime Minister handing over all his WhatsApp messages, particularly given that the Prime Minister’s account that he no longer has access to all of them seems implausible.
With the Prime Minister appearing before the covid inquiry before the end of the year, can the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that all the Prime Minister’s WhatsApp messages for this period will be made available to the inquiry?
I can assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we will furnish the inquiry with every single piece of information it requires.
Indeed, I would note that the Prime Minister and all those who are requested to provide information to the inquiry are legally obliged to do so.
That is precisely what we have done.
My Department alone has provided over 56,000 different pieces of evidence.
I would gently say to him that the Labour party repeatedly called for this inquiry to be set up.
We have set up this inquiry, and I think hon.
Members should allow it to do its job, not jump to conclusions.
When it produces its recommendations, I can assure the House that the Government will respond in full.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure value for money in public procurement.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure value for money in public procurement.
Value for money is central to the Government’s long-standing procurement policy, as set out in everybody’s favourite Treasury document, “Managing Public Money”.
Current procurement regulations require contracting authorities to select the most economically advantageous tender.
The Procurement Act 2023—I am pleased to say that it has recently received Royal Assent—will streamline procurement processes and ensure that value for money remains one of the central tenets of the UK’s procurement regime.
If the Minister thinks that every pound of taxpayers’ money matters, what are the Government’s plans to recover the loss of billions of pounds in flawed covid contracts?
I am pleased to be able to remind the House that the Government have already taken extraordinary steps to recover fraud money during the covid period.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs remains committed to the recovery of covid-19 support scheme fraud.
The Government are also committed to bearing down on fraud in the covid loan schemes.
Some £13.2 million has been allocated to the National Investigation Service over three years to double its investigative capacity on bounce back loans and to fund other activities.
This is just a small sample of the work being done to combat fraud across our Government.
Further to the comments of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , billions of pounds of public money was wasted during the covid pandemic through dodgy contracts that we know were signed off by the Government.
Labour has said that we will appoint a covid corruption commissioner to pursue every pound of public money that has been inappropriately lost from pandemic-related contracts, fraud and waste.
Will the Minister borrow our plans?
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will have noted—I imagine he pays attention to such things—that we already set out in the spring statement last year the public sector fraud authority, which is based in the Cabinet Office and very ably handled by my colleague Baroness Neville-Rolfe.
We have debated fraud during covid many times in the House.
All the contracts handed out during covid were signed off by extremely able and capable civil servants who were working in very difficult circumstances and the idea that there was ministerial sign off of these things is wrong and must be contradicted whenever it is raised.
It is clear from the Chancellor’s autumn statement yesterday that we will need to make savings in public sector budgets for some years to come to overcome the impact of inflation, so can the Minister say how artificial intelligence will play a role in that in the public sector and what efforts he is making to procure the necessary systems?
My right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
We are still coming to terms with the potential of artificial intelligence to speed up Government processes,  improve productivity and deliver value for money for the taxpayer.
While we have procurement frameworks at present that help Departments across Government identify good AI systems they might wish to secure, we are also interested in developing our own AI within Government.
My right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister announced earlier this week that we would hire more people with the highest levels of innovative skill to come into Government to build those systems for us and deliver value for money.
What progress he has made on implementing the final recommendations on compensation in the second interim report of the infected blood inquiry, published on 5 April 2023.
What progress his Department has made on implementing the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
I strongly commend  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for her work for those who have been impacted by the infected blood scandal, and I look forward to working across the House on this important issue.
The Government have accepted the moral case for compensation but it is only reasonable that the response is fully informed by Sir Brian Langstaff’s final report, which is anticipated in March next year.
Eight months ago, recommendation 12 of the final report on compensation called for interim payments of £100,000 to be “paid to recognise the deaths of people to date unrecognised and alleviate immediate suffering.”
The “Cambridge Dictionary” describes the word “interim” as something “temporary and intended to be used or accepted until something permanent exists”.
I know the Minister is a good man and will want to do his best, so can he tell the House when those interim payments will start to be paid?
May I welcome the Minister to his new Front-Bench role?
I cannot tell the right hon.
Lady
that today, but in the seven days that I have been in this post I have recognised this to be my highest priority in the role.
There are a number of complex issues that I need to come to terms with, but I am familiar with the whole issue from my previous role as Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
This might be a matter of gamekeeper turned poacher, but I understand the mindset of the Treasury and how we can get a solution that deals with the range of recommendations.
I cannot say anything more of substance today, but I will be having further meetings across Whitehall, with more this morning, and I am determined that this Government will respond as comprehensively as we can as soon as we can.
I have raised in written and oral questions with the former Paymaster General,  the right hon.
Member for Horsham (Jeremy Quin) , the case of a constituent of mine whose father died following infected factor VIII treatment.
The family could not even grieve properly, because of the stigma around HIV and AIDS at the time.
Compensation will not bring their father back, but it would give the family closure.
My constituent contacted me after a statement in which the former Paymaster General said that the Government accepted that there is a moral case for compensation for those affected by the scandal, as the Minister has just done, but also said that those infected and affected have suffered enough.
Given the acceptance by Ministers that the children of those infected have suffered enough, when will the Government make interim compensation payments to the estates of those who have died as a result of infected blood products and, separately, to those affected whose parents have died?
The best answer I can give the hon.
Lady is that it will be “as quickly as reasonable thoroughness permits”, as the inquiry chair said in his response.
I am totally aware and sincere in my appreciation of the frustration that exists on this issue.
As I say, seven days in, I am doing everything I can to move things forward and to gain assurances from across Whitehall so that I can update the House as quickly as possible.
I sense the palpable frustration, and I realise that this issue needs action as soon as possible.