The agreement of a cessation in hostilities in Gaza and Israel, to release hostages and tackle the urgent and unacceptable humanitarian catastrophe, is welcome.
Let us also hope that it could lead to a longer-lasting resolution.
Will the Government keep the House updated as the situation develops?
There really should have been a statement this week, and we really should be hearing from the Foreign Secretary, as we discussed last week.
Members give careful consideration to these matters, and want to raise their constituents’ concerns.
In a few cases, however, we have seen the legitimate lobbying of Members by their constituents cross a line into intimidating protests and vandalism.
I thank the Leader of the House, you, Mr Speaker, House staff, and the police for everything that they are already doing to support Members and their staff.
Does the Leader of the House agree that the spreading of misinformation and the whipping up of hate is a threat to our democracy?
Much of it takes hold on social media platforms.
Given that the Government watered down the Online Safety Act 2023, does she believe that they have the tools to deal with online hate, misogyny, antisemitism and Islamophobia, no longer covered by the Act?
Turning to yesterday’s autumn statement, does the Leader of the House want to take this opportunity to correct the record, because the Chancellor did not seem to get his numbers right?
The real figures were published by the Office for Budget Responsibility alongside his statement, and they do not match.
He said that it was “an autumn statement for growth”.—[Official Report,  22 November 2023 ; Vol. 741, c. 334.]
The OBR said that growth has been downgraded in each of the next three years.
He said that he was cutting taxes.
The OBR confirmed that this will be the biggest tax-raising Parliament on record, with 7 million workers now caught by stealth tax rises.
Even with his cut to national insurance, the Government are handing back only £1 for every £8 they have taken in this Parliament.
The Chancellor said he was helping with the cost of living crisis, yet the Office for Budget Responsibility says this is the largest reduction in real living standards since records began, and energy prices rise again today, adding more pain.
He said he had got inflation under control, but the OBR inflation forecasts have now gone up in every year of the forecast period, with prices rising higher for longer.
He said that debt had fallen, yet the OBR said it would be 28% higher next year than when the Tories came to power.
The Prime Minister said yesterday that he had reduced debt, yet the Institute for Fiscal Studies is clear that public sector debt is rising in cash terms, in real terms and as a percentage of the national income.
Perhaps those discrepancies are why the IFS’s director said of the autumn statement that “a lot of these numbers… are sort of made up.”
No matter what the Government do at this late stage, the facts for families will not change.
Prices are up, tax is up, debt is up, mortgages are up, rent is up; that is their record, and nothing they said this week can change it.
When people ask themselves whether they are better off after 13 years of a Conservative Government, the answer will be no.
The latest immigration figures are now out—up again.
So much for the Foreign Secretary’s plan to get numbers down to tens of thousands.
That is further evidence that this Government cannot stick to their promises, and in next week’s business there is still no sign of the emergency legislation on Rwanda.
Where is it?
What is the hold-up?
Is it with the Leader of the House’s parliamentary business and legislation committee, or is with it the Home Office?
Has she even seen it?
She knows it will not work; it will absorb loads of time and it will not solve the problem.
Maybe the delay is because the Home Secretary reportedly thinks that the Rwanda policy is “batshit”.
Yesterday, he also said that Stockton was a “shithole”.
Does the Leader of the House agree that besmirching another hon.
Member’s constituency goes against all the courtesies of this place and is utterly disrespectful to their constituents?
Will she ensure that the Home Secretary comes to this House and apologises?
That sort of foul language may be accurate when describing Government policy, but not the great town of Stockton.
I place on record my thanks for hosting the UK Disability History Month event that took place in your rooms last night, Mr Speaker.
We had great speeches from hon.
Members on both sides of the House about their disabilities and of course the performance of the Music Man Project.
I promise you that the video of you dancing Gangnam-style to one of their hits will go with me to my grave.
I owe you one.