The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked— What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of his Department during the covid-19 pandemic.
The Cabinet Office played a crucial role in co-ordinating the cross-Government response to the pandemic, and we continue to learn lessons from it.
Last year, the Cabinet Office published the resilience framework, an ambitious, wide-reaching and long-term plan that is already working to strengthen our national resilience.
Those of us who lost loved ones during the pandemic have been left shocked and angered by the revelations being unearthed in the covid inquiry.
They include quotes from the diary of the then Government chief scientific adviser, Sir Patrick Vallance, that the current Prime Minister thought “just let people die and that’s OK”.
If that was not cruel enough, he was also overheard saying that Ministers should focus on “handling the scientists and not the virus”.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that this shows a shameful disregard for people’s lives and callous decision making at the heart of Government?
I should say from the outset that I simply do not recognise that characterisation, but that is the whole point of the inquiry.
This Government set up the inquiry, for the sake of the victims and the nation, to get to the bottom of what was an unprecedented crisis not just here, but around the world.
We have been totally open and transparent with that inquiry.
We have given it over 56,000 pieces of evidence.
I would gently urge the hon.
Gentleman to allow the inquiry to complete its investigations, to hear from all the witnesses and to produce its recommendations.
As I have committed to that inquiry, the Government will respond fully to every single recommendation from Lady Justice Hallett.
During the pandemic, I could only see the true professionalism of civil servants in a variety of Departments, including the Cabinet Office, and I am very conscious of some of the pain being felt about the victims of that time.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that the civil service really stood up to the challenge of dealing with imperfect data and a rapidly changing situation?
By the way, I include the civil servants of the Department for Work and Pensions in that regard.
However, may I also encourage him to consider how we can strengthen analytical skills and capabilities right across the civil service?
That is important, and I think it will be one of the key lessons that should come out of the inquiry.