This week I met the director of national security and the director of consular and crisis services in the Foreign Office, as well as Home Office officials, on behalf of Members of this House to look at what they can do to support the families of hostages—not just the British nationals, but those who have a connection to the UK—and I know that they are in touch with those hon.
Members directly concerned.
A lot of that cannot be put in the public domain, for obvious reasons, but they are in touch with hon.
Members on Privy Counsellor terms with things that cannot necessarily be put in the public domain.
May I also thank the hon.
Lady for what she said about security?
It is incredibly important.
I refer Members to what I said last week on that point: we should be free in this place to use our judgment and vote accordingly, and we should not face intimidation for doing our duty to this House.
Although it is a growing and moving challenge, I am confident that we have the tools to tackle misinformation online.
She will know that we have stood up new services in the House of Commons Library, strengthening its ties with Government Departments—particularly the Department for Culture, Media and Sport —as well as with our security agencies.
The hon.
Lady mentions the facts relating to the autumn statement and the OBR, and I am happy to remind the House of those facts.
Inflation is now at 4.6% and will fall to 2.8%, and at the end of next year, towards 2025, we will be back to 2%.
Headline debt is now 94% by end of forecast, down from a predicted 100%.
Underlying debt next year is expected to fall to 91.6%, and we are due to meet our fiscal rule of having underlying debt fall as a percentage of GDP by the end of the next financial forecast.
We have the second lowest debt in the G7.
The hon.
Lady talks about the cost of living.
On average, a person on benefits will be £470 better off, pensioners £900 better off, and those on housing allowance £800 better off.
The national living wage has gone up.
Our total commitment on cost of living measures is now over £104 billion, which includes £3,700 on average toward a person’s energy bills.
She will know that the energy price guarantee remains in place until March next year.
On our ambitions to grow the economy, the hon.
Lady will also know that we have a strong and resilient economy.
That fact is evidenced by our continuing to attract inward investment.
I very much welcome Nissan’s announcement of its commitment to continue making the Qashqai and Juke models in Sunderland.
Yesterday, we made expensing permanent, as well as other measures to help businesses large and small, particularly on our high streets and in the hospitality sector.
We have new investment zones, one of which is in her beloved Greater Manchester.
The hon.
Lady mentions Stockton North, which will benefit from £20 million of levelling-up funding for Billingham town centre.
With regard to the charge that she makes against the Home Secretary, he denies it and I believe him.
The economy is predicted to grow.
We would like it to grow faster, and that is why we are focused on productivity.
We have been able to cut tax through the tough decisions that have enabled us to create that headroom.
We were able to do what we did during the pandemic, on furlough and other support, only because we paid down Labour’s deficit by 80%.
Labour has opposed every measure that  we have brought in to balance the books.
Labour has blocked every measure to reform welfare in favour of denying people with disabilities the dignity of a pay packet.
Labour has blocked every measure to protect access to public service and cut waiting lists, in favour of militant unions.
Labour has blocked every measure to make us more energy secure, in favour of Just Stop Oil.
Labour has blocked every measure to raise education standards, and now wishes to tax education and halve apprenticeships.
While we have been reducing fuel duty and holding down council tax, Labour put both up by 42% and 104% respectively.
Where Labour is now in power, it taxes the lowest paid out of work.
The ultra low emission zone has wreaked havoc in London and cost livelihoods.
Sadly, I understand that those measures will shortly be coming to Wales.
Labour Members say that they have changed, but their actions past, present and planned for the future say otherwise.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I am delighted to inform the House that, after 50 years, the crown jewels of Darwen—our freeman’s casket and our mace—will be returned from Blackburn to the Darwen Heritage Centre.
After 14 years of campaigning myself, I congratulate the heritage centre and all its volunteers on their work to secure them.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is high time for a debate about local government reorganisation?
As well as getting its crown jewels returned, Darwen wants to break free from Blackburn, which would truly be the crowning glory of our £120 million town deal.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on a successful, if lengthy, campaign, and I congratulate him and everyone who has worked on it on their diligence and on never giving up.
I do not know about a debate—it sounds like we ought to be having a party to celebrate this.
In all seriousness, I know that it means a tremendous amount to the local community.
They are known as the crown jewels locally.
I understand that some of them are very heavy—if they need a hand carrying them around, I know someone who can help.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
Things became a bit clearer for us all this week.
For a time, we have been wondering what the Leader of the House meant when she delivered her infamous “stand up and fight” battle cry.
She told us 12 times in 90 seconds that she wanted to have a fight with somebody, but we were not quite sure who the enemy in her head was.
We know in Scotland that she likes having a fight with us; she is always telling us off for disobedience or treachery.
In Tory Britain, we Scots really should know our place.
But the Chancellor helpfully revealed who else her Government want to fight with.
If you are unable to work because of ill health, get ready for battle with the Tories.
If you are among the 4 million families destitute in the UK, forget it—there will be no real help for you in your daily struggle to survive.
As is clear from the covid inquiry, if you are a scientist or—God forbid—an actual expert, gird your  loins.
In England, Tories fight NHS workers.
They fight teachers.
They fight local councils.
They fight the low-paid.
If you are on pensions or benefits, sure, they threw you a few crumbs yesterday from their table, but the Office for National Statistics says that food prices are 30% higher than they were two years ago, so they will fight you at the checkout tills.
There was not a word about fighting billionaires’ tax evasion, fighting dirty money being laundered through London, or fighting the corruption and fraud drenching this Government in sleaze.
When the Chancellor sat down yesterday, the independent OBR assessed that his measures would bring the largest reduction in living standards since records began.
But never mind; I see the other place was debating the Pedicabs (London) Bill last night, so we can all calm down, knowing that this Government are focused on the things that really matter.
And people ask us why we want to see Scotland independent and away from this bedlam of a place!
I realise that I will wait in vain for any actual answers to these questions—questions like, how is it exactly that the right hon.
Lady’s Government can find fiscal headroom in their Budget when some of my constituents in Edinburgh North and Leith cannot afford to feed themselves?
Is it not time her profligate Government stopped fighting everybody and held an inquiry into themselves and the many billions they have squandered over the last four years?
I am not in any doubt who I am standing up and fighting for—the people of this country—and who I am standing up and fighting against, and the SNP are on the latter list.
First, what the hon.
Lady says is not the case.
She spoke about the welfare measures that were announced yesterday.
She knows that the closing claims measure does not apply in Scotland and does not apply to anyone with disabilities or a child.
If she was not aware of that, I ask her to please read the documents that were put out yesterday and the Chancellor’s statement, and if she does know that that is the case, it would be helpful for her not to say otherwise.
The hon.
Lady lists a number of things and makes various accusations.
I would ask her to be a little more self-reflective.
It is her party that has been subject to 22—and counting, I think—police investigations.
The Serious Fraud Office is investigating GFG Alliance, the company to which the Scottish National party gave hundreds of millions of pounds to guarantee jobs that never materialised, and that just happened to be sponsoring its party conference at the same time.
The hon.
Lady likes to lecture my party about values.
Which party is it whose leader smirked while people booed the national anthem?
Which party is it whose activists called BBC reporters traitors?
Which party is it that bullied Conservative party members attending a conference in Scotland to the extent that it made national news?
Which party is it whose behaviour was so horrific towards its own elected representatives that they said they suffered panic attacks, and some have crossed the Floor?
Who is responsible for the bile-fuelled rants that are so evident in Hansard?
Once the hon.
Lady has clocked that the answer to all those questions is her party, she might reflect on why that is the case and on the appalling legacy that such a warped, irresponsible displacement activity has seeded to a generation of Scottish children—a wrecked education system, a widening attainment gap, fewer teachers, maths  scores declining in every PISA survey, science at a record low and plummeting literacy rates.
But they will, of course, have somewhere safe and warm in which to take heroin.
I am not going to take any lectures from the hon.
Lady about values, responsibility or performance in office.
This is why I will get up every week and stand up and fight against the slopey-shouldered separatism evidenced by the SNP.
Part of my constituency is fortunate still to be served by a daily newspaper, the Grimsby Telegraph.
The funeral of one of its most distinguished journalists, Peter Chapman, took place earlier this week, which caused me to reflect on the sadly declining role that local newspapers play in serving their community.
May we have a debate about the role of local newspapers and how they can help build the foundations of their local community?