My constituent Alistair Inglis of Duthie & Son motors in Montrose is suffering a prolonged issue with HMRC about its 2022 VAT return, which centres on misallocation of payments to the digital tax system using the dealership management system for the years 1993, 2001 and 2002.
This has been going on since August 2022, and it is still not resolved—not, I must say, for want of effort on the part of officers within HMRC, who are trying their best with a system that will not resolve the situation.
Can we have a debate on the dealership management system to see whether this is a localised issue to my constituent in Angus or it affects franchised car dealerships across the United Kingdom?
Is there any other way in which the Leader of the House can seek to advance this apparently intractable situation for my constituent?
I am sorry to hear that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent has had difficulty getting the right person in HMRC to resolve that.
I will ask my officials to contact HMRC on his behalf, and ask them to get in touch with the hon.
Gentleman’s office to have an individual sit down and work through what might be a complex case.
There will be a solution at the end of it, and I am happy to do that on his behalf.
Could we please have a statement to explain why the overhyped Hull and East Yorkshire devolution deal announced in yesterday’s autumn statement and described by a local, well-respected journalist in Hull as “cobblers” is worth only £13.3 million a year extra in funding over 30 years, and goes nowhere near the £111 million lost each year to Hull alone since 2010?
The hon.
Lady will know that she can put that to the Secretary of State himself on  4 December .
That devolution deal would not have proceeded if local stakeholders were not in favour of it, but if she has suggestions about other things, she can raise that with the Secretary of State.
The Leader of the House is a stickler for detail, yet there was scant mention in her replies to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) , or indeed  by the Chancellor yesterday, of freezing personal tax thresholds until 2028.
That will cost basic rate taxpayers an average of £720 more each year.
Does Leader of the House think that people will not notice the effects in their pay packets?
I think that people will notice that this Administration has doubled the personal tax thresholds and lifted many people on the lowest incomes out of paying tax altogether.
Oak Square housing complex in Stockwell was built in 2010.
Sadly, since then there has been a host of issues with the building, from leaks and defective cladding to faulty infrastructure.
That has meant that my constituents have had to live in a nightmare for almost 10 years.
I visited it earlier this summer to see the issues at first hand.
The tenants continue to pay their rent and service charges to their landlord, Notting Hill Genesis.
Can the Leader of the House please urge the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to accept my invitation to come down and see at first hand the nightmare that residents have to live in?
I am sorry to hear the situation that the hon.
Lady is in.
I will make sure that the Housing Minister has heard of the ongoing situation, and I will ask that she be given any advice that is available from officials about further avenues she can pursue to get redress for her constituents.
A few days ago, the Care Quality Commission found that more than two thirds of hospitals in London and more than half of hospitals in England offer substandard levels of care.
Will the Leader of the House make a statement expressing her alarm and concern about that shocking revelation?
Can she share with the House what she thinks has gone wrong?
That is a question that she might like to ask the Health Secretary at the next available questions.
I would ask her to look a little closer to home at life expectancy figures and at what is happening in her own constituency.
Broadmarsh in my constituency is one of the most significant city centre development sites in the UK, with the potential to bring up to 1,000 new homes and more than 6,000 extra jobs.
Nottingham City Council has already invested in a new bus station and big improvements to the public realm, and on Tuesday it will open the new central library.
However, for the third successive time, the Government have failed to provide any levelling-up money to support its regeneration.
Can we have a debate on this Government’s continued failure to back local authorities, which are facing high inflation, high interest rates and unprecedented levels of demand for social care, leaving so many teetering on the brink?
The hon.
Lady will know that we have provided additional funding for social care.
We have also been supporting both the care sector and the NHS to work more efficiently and effectively together.
I will  ensure that the Secretary of State has heard her concerns today, and she will know how to raise them with her directly.
My constituent Jess McNichols, who is receiving treatment for cancer at the Christie Hospital in Manchester, missed an important medical appointment due to the general disruption of Royal Mail services.
Her letter arrived late.
Could the Leader of the House counsel me on how best to raise this case further in this place?
This is becoming a consistent theme for hon.
Members on both sides of the House.
Services are not meeting Royal Mail’s performance targets and he has just illustrated that that can often have a pretty devastating impact, with missed appointments and knock-on effects for inefficiencies in other public services.
I have ensured that the relevant Department is aware of hon.
Members’ concerns.
I urge all hon.
Members to do their bit, particularly on the issue of industrial action, to ensure that there is no further disruption to mail services.
Today is Carers Rights Day, when we recognise that unpaid carers have rights too and need those rights strengthened.
Carers UK today published new research that shows thousands of people are having to give up work due to the stress of juggling paid work and unpaid care.
At this point, I would like to thank all carers across the Blaydon constituency who do so much, and Gateshead Carers Association and Carers Trust Tyne & Wear, who support them in that work.
May we have a debate in Government time on how we can better support our unpaid carers who do so much?