Title: CELEBRATING JULY 4TH INDEPENDENCE DAY 2024; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
111

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING JULY 4TH INDEPENDENCE DAY 2024

_____

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, each July 4th we have an opportunity to

pause and reflect upon our past and celebrate our future for what we as

a Nation have accomplished.
Today, we can celebrate that over the nearly two and a half centuries

we have conquered the crucibles faced: from the civil war, global

conflicts and global deadly pandemics and an assault on our Capitol--

the citadel of Democracy--the birthplace of all modern democracies.
The success of our democracy and the means provided to the people of

this Nation to shape its present and guide it into the future has been

and continues to be the ballot box.
Martin Luther King's Speech at the March on Washington explains the

power of the vote to empower We The People to shape our destiny.
``Give us the ballot and we will no longer have to worry

the federal government about our basic rights . . .
``Give us

the ballot and we will no longer plead to the federal

government for passage of an anti-lynching law. . .
``Give us

the ballot and we will fill our legislative halls with men of

good will . . .
``Give us the ballot and we will place judges

on the benches of the South who will do justly and love mercy

. . .
``Give us the ballot and we will quietly and non-

violently, without rancor or bitterness, implement the

Supreme Court's decision of May 17, 1954 [in Brown v. the

Board of Education]

We are not governed by the rule of might makes right--which is what

almost happened when January 6 insurrectionists attempted to overthrow

our governmental process for electing our Nation's president.
We are Nation of laws--made by Americans on the behalf of Americans.
Which is why it also important to affirm and understand our history

as Americans.
The United States came into being under impossible odds, a vast land

mass housing separate colonies of disparate people with parochial

interests up against the world's sole superpower of their time.
After the revolution, and a government was organized, King George was

not alone in predicting its demise, because it was a collection of

colonies trying to rule itself as a Nation.
The first schisms appeared as the industrial revolution took hold and

women began to push against the bonds that limited them in social,

economic and political expression.
Frederick Douglass a man ahead of his time championed the rights of

women to vote and expressed the frustration of Black persons who knew

the constitution's acceptance of slaves as three fifths of a person

were wrong headed and counterproductive to the potential of the new

Nation.
Douglass, wrote about ``What to the slave is your 4th of July'':

``[A] day that reveals to him, more than all other days in

the year, the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the

constant victim.
To him, your celebration is a sham; your

boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness,

swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and

heartless; your denunciations of tyrants, brass fronted

impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow

mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and

thanksgivings, with all your religious parade, and solemnity,

are, to him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and

hypocrisy--a thin veil to cover up crimes which would

disgrace a nation of savages''.
But Frederick Douglass was not bitter with America, he was determined

to perfect America by making it better through his writings, lectures,

speeches, and civic activism.
The efforts at perfecting this Nation are small and sometimes very

great.