And we must give thanks to those who dedicate themselves to our

Nation's preservation for the next generations to come.
I know that this is a Nation of patriots--and as we honor its birth

we may not celebrate in the same way--but I believe that our love of

country is real and present in the minds and hearts of the people of

this Nation.
Self-governance of a Nation by the people and for the people who come

from such diversity is an experiment that has yet to run its course.
While living this experiment for two-hundred and forty-five years--we

have also expanded and extended the blessings of liberty to former

slaves, women, young people, native Americans, Asian-Pacific Islanders,

Hispanics, and LGBTQI+ persons.
While we are still a work in progress, as each generation learns how

best to perfect our democracy, we indeed have a great deal to be

thankful for this July 4th.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF LORETTA RINALDI

HON.
RAUL RUIZ

Mr. RUIZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the birthday of

Loretta Rinaldi who is deeply cherished by her community, her church,

and family.
Born to English-immigrant parents on July 17, 1924, in Los Angeles,

California, Mrs. Rinaldi dedicated her life to education, her

community, and family.
In 1942, she graduated as valedictorian of

Catholic Girls' High School after which she took her vows to become a

nun.
At Immaculate Heart, Mrs. Rinaldi taught science and found her

passion for being an educator.
She continued to educate and be a

proactive figure in her community even after leaving the covenant.
Mrs. Rinaldi has truly lived a life of service and is a persistent

advocate.
In the 1960s, she was an activist in the Immaculate Heart

Sisters movement which encouraged the church to embrace cultural

shifts.
She was one of 315 sisters who voted to give up their vows and

leave their lives as nuns after the opposition they faced from the

Catholic Church.
It wasn't long after she left the order that Mrs. Rinaldi fell in

love and married a widower, Neal Rinaldi, who had five children from

his previous marriage.
Together, the couple moved to Banning,

California where Mrs. Rinaldi was Mr. Rinaldi's caretaker until he

passed away.
Mr. Speaker, in celebrating Loretta Rinaldi, we celebrate the

empowerment found in knowledge, the precedent set by courageous

advocates, and the strength of familial bonds.
On behalf of California's 25th District, I extend my warmest wishes

to Mrs. Rinaldi and her family as we join in celebrating this major

life milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE, FOREIGN OPERATIONS, AND RELATED PROGRAMS

APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2025

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Chair, I rise in strong opposition to the State,

Foreign Operations, and Related Programs appropriations bill.
This legislation houses some of the most important diplomacy,

development, and defense initiatives for the United States and the

world at-large.
The programs that are funded through this bill serve

some of the neediest populations in the world, helping millions of

people gain access to clean water, safe shelter, nutritious food, and

democracy development.
Unfortunately, the bill before us today abdicates U.S. leadership in

all of these areas.
It eliminates funding for the United Nations and

underfunds operations and staffing of the State Department and the U.S.

Agency for International Development.
It cuts funding for the Peace

Corps and cuts a staggering $362 million from programs that improve

maternal and child health around the globe.
This bill ignores the existential threat of climate change, which

affects the lives and livelihoods of families around the world,

including here in America.
Climate change is a known

threat to our national security, yet there is no funding to help

communities adapt to drought, rising coastlines, or extreme heat, and

no funding to stop deforestation or recurring coastal flooding.