To him, your celebration is a sham; your

boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness,

swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and

heartless; your denunciations of tyrants, brass fronted

impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow

mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and

thanksgivings, with all your religious parade, and solemnity,

are, to him, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and

hypocrisy--a thin veil to cover up crimes which would

disgrace a nation of savages''.
But Frederick Douglass was not bitter with America, he was determined

to perfect America by making it better through his writings, lectures,

speeches, and civic activism.
The efforts at perfecting this Nation are small and sometimes very

great.
I am happy to have contributed to this effort by introducing

legislation that led to the establishment of Juneteenth as a Federal

Holiday--making manifest the Nation's rejection of slavery and embrace

of the freedom and equality of rights Douglass hoped for.
The work of past generations and our work today is to perfect this

democracy--to keep the experiment going--until we have made it

consistent with its founding document:

THE PREAMBLE OF THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are

created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with

certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life,

Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these

rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their

just powers from the consent of the governed . . .
To celebrate our Nation's continued existence would be hollow if we

do not remember and acknowledge the dedication and professionalism of

the men and women in the uniform services who fill the ranks of the

Army, Airforce, Navy, Marines, Coast Guard, and Merchant Marines, to

defend this Nation.
We also owe our thanks to the nameless and faceless thousands of

brave and patriotic public servants who are in our Nation's

intelligence agencies who serve in support of the missions of the

uniformed services through the Executive Office of the President.
These brave Americans know well Lincoln's Lyceum speech, in which he

warned us about the need to be vigilant in defense of our precious

democracy--and that nothing should be taken for granted about this

experiment.
They know that attacks and threats on our democracy should not be

ignored--the cost of doing so can be grave.
They know, like many of you, that our Nation was not a century old

when it was plunged into a civil war--with brother taking up arms

against brother--where the soil and creeks of battlefields turned red

with the life blood of warriors in conflict about which direction the

Nation would go--would it be slaveholding, freedom loving or would it

end.
The Civil War made manifest Lincoln's warning that a house divided

against itself cannot stand.
This fourth of July--we must rededicate ourselves to work towards a

system of democracy that hears the voices of all citizens no matter

their color, gender, sexual orientation, country of origin, or social

or economic status, for if we do less than allow them access to the

ballot box where all votes are counted as cast--it would dishonor those

who fought and died over the centuries so that this country might

endure.
And we must give thanks to those who dedicate themselves to our

Nation's preservation for the next generations to come.
I know that this is a Nation of patriots--and as we honor its birth

we may not celebrate in the same way--but I believe that our love of

country is real and present in the minds and hearts of the people of

this Nation.
Self-governance of a Nation by the people and for the people who come

from such diversity is an experiment that has yet to run its course.