It cuts funding for the Peace

Corps and cuts a staggering $362 million from programs that improve

maternal and child health around the globe.
This bill ignores the existential threat of climate change, which

affects the lives and livelihoods of families around the world,

including here in America.
Climate change is a known

threat to our national security, yet there is no funding to help

communities adapt to drought, rising coastlines, or extreme heat, and

no funding to stop deforestation or recurring coastal flooding.
Additionally, there is no support for adapting to renewable energy.
Even in areas where we can usually find bipartisan agreement, this

bill falls short.
For example, the Feed the Future program, which has

historically enjoyed bipartisan support across multiple

administrations, received a $50 million cut.
This program has helped

feed 32 million children worldwide in the last year alone and has

helped their families learn to farm sustainably and stand on their own.
This cut will have devastating impacts on children and families that

struggle with malnutrition and food instability.
This is a deeply political bill that will diminish America's

leadership on the worlds stage, make it more difficult for us to

support our allies and deter our adversaries, and will ultimately

jeopardize our national security.
For these reasons, I ask that my

colleagues vote against it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING UPTOWN COFFEEHOUSE AND ITS OWNER, LORNA BRENNAN

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Uptown Coffeehouse

and its remarkable owner, Lorna Brennan.
After more than 20 years of

serving the best cup of coffee in town, Uptown Coffeehouse closed its

doors on June 30, 2024.
Since it first opened in Howell, Michigan, in

2002, Lorna and her team of baristas created a cherished meeting spot,

warmly welcoming all who entered.
Located at the bustling corner of Grand River and Michigan Avenues in

a beautiful late 19th-century historic building, Uptown Coffeehouse was

truly at the heart of downtown Howell.
Through grit and determination,

Lorna restored the building to its former splendor, including a

historic renovation of the facade in 2019.
Lorna's vision transformed

this building into a vibrant coffee house, meeting place, and art

gallery.
For more than two decades, Uptown Coffeehouse was a second home for

Lorna and a treasured fixture in the community.
Lorna's son, who was a

preschooler when the business opened, grew up within its walls,

celebrating milestones and accomplishments along the way.
In addition to coffee and baked goods, Uptown Coffeehouse offered a

sense of belonging and outstanding service to customers.
Its expansive

front windows provided a picturesque view of the city and changing

seasons.
With local art displayed for patrons to enjoy, the venue

became a vibrant cultural hub as it hosted open mic nights, spoken word

events, and other entertainment through the years.
The community's love for Uptown Coffeehouse was evident through

numerous local awards, including the People's Choice Award for the Best

Howell Coffee Shop in 2019.
It was a special place, providing customers

with memories to last a lifetime.
It was often the first place new

residents visited downtown and were welcomed to Howell.
Uptown is where

friendships were formed and regulars found a haven for their morning

routines and work sessions.
It was a place where first dates happened

and marriage proposals were made.
Despite challenges, including during the COVID-19 pandemic, Lorna and

the staff at Uptown Coffeehouse always remained optimistic and focused

on helping others.
Their kindness and generosity knew no bounds as they

supported school groups, local charities, and donated coffee gift cards

to hospital staff during the pandemic.
As we bid farewell to Uptown Coffeehouse, let us recognize Lorna

Brennan and her beloved establishment that was a second home not only

for her, but for the entire Howell community.
It is with profound

gratitude that I honor the legacy of Uptown Coffeehouse and Lorna

Brennan.