Their kindness and generosity knew no bounds as they

supported school groups, local charities, and donated coffee gift cards

to hospital staff during the pandemic.
As we bid farewell to Uptown Coffeehouse, let us recognize Lorna

Brennan and her beloved establishment that was a second home not only

for her, but for the entire Howell community.
It is with profound

gratitude that I honor the legacy of Uptown Coffeehouse and Lorna

Brennan.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE IN MEMORY OF DON CHILDERS

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS-

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of a

legendary leader and a pillar of innovation in Eastern Kentucky, my

longtime friend Don Childers, best known for founding Childers Oil

Company in Whitesburg, Kentucky.
After spending a lifetime creating

jobs and investing hope in our rural Appalachian region, Don received

his heavenly reward at the age of 92.
Over the years, you learn the dynamics of a meeting can change by the

presence of one strong leader.
Don Childers significantly shifted the

dynamics of our entire region, spanning the coalfields of southern and

eastern Kentucky, by putting actions to his words and remaining a loyal

friend to the region he loved.
Sons and daughters of the coalfields deeply understand the value of

hard work, perseverance, and southern hospitality.
Every venture that

Don and his wife Peggy established over the last five decades are

marked by those same characteristics.
While Don delivered oil to coal

mines in Central Appalachia, Peggy focused on the retail side,

designing and operating convenience stores where customers would be

greeted with the smell of fresh, homemade food.
Established in 1966,

Childers Oil Company has now grown from three petroleum trucks and

three drivers to a successful family-owned business group with more

than 40 convenience stores and a thriving restaurant featuring Peggy's

home recipes, as well as more than 1,000 employees in a region

desperate for jobs.
Twenty years ago, Don rallied together a group of community leaders

to form the Letcher County Planning Commission, focusing on the

development of educational, recreational, and economic opportunities.
During that time, they have boldly led the charge to build a federal

correctional facility in Letcher County to create more than 300 federal

jobs, a new airport to improve industrial development, new recreational

trails, improved infrastructure, and much more.
Don was not only a good leader, but a respected mentor and teacher,

passing down his unwavering work ethic, determination, and compassion

to his children and those around him.
Most recently, in response to the

catastrophic flood that swept through our region in July 2022, the

Childers family helped organize flood relief efforts and provided

temporary housing for some families who lost everything overnight.
Their generosity and quick response ensured flood survivors had

emergency supplies and shelter when they needed it the most.
Despite the challenges that have crossed Don's path over the years,

he has always responded with the utmost grace, fortitude and resolve to

honor his word.
He has never allowed fear of criticism to deter his

mission to make Eastern Kentucky a better place to live.
Aside from his success in business, Don was equally dedicated to the

Whitesburg First Baptist Church, a generous supporter of local schools

and non-profits, and a proud U.S. Army Vietnam Veteran.
He left a

lasting legacy that will carry far beyond his time with us.
I am

eternally grateful for Don's friendship and support, as well as the

investments that he, Peggy and their children have made in the lives of

Eastern Kentuckians every single day.
My wife Cynthia and I share our

heartfelt sympathy with the entire Childers family and especially

Peggy, who lost the love of her life after 71 years of marriage.