To celebrate our Nation's continued existence would be hollow if we do not remember and acknowledge the dedication and professionalism of the men and women in the uniform services who fill the ranks of the Army, Airforce, Navy, Marines, Coast Guard, and Merchant Marines, to defend this Nation.
We also owe our thanks to the nameless and faceless thousands of brave and patriotic public servants who are in our Nation's intelligence agencies who serve in support of the missions of the uniformed services through the Executive Office of the President.
These brave Americans know well Lincoln's Lyceum speech, in which he warned us about the need to be vigilant in defense of our precious democracy--and that nothing should be taken for granted about this experiment.
They know that attacks and threats on our democracy should not be ignored--the cost of doing so can be grave.
They know, like many of you, that our Nation was not a century old when it was plunged into a civil war--with brother taking up arms against brother--where the soil and creeks of battlefields turned red with the life blood of warriors in conflict about which direction the Nation would go--would it be slaveholding, freedom loving or would it end.
The Civil War made manifest Lincoln's warning that a house divided against itself cannot stand.
This fourth of July--we must rededicate ourselves to work towards a system of democracy that hears the voices of all citizens no matter their color, gender, sexual orientation, country of origin, or social or economic status, for if we do less than allow them access to the ballot box where all votes are counted as cast--it would dishonor those who fought and died over the centuries so that this country might endure.
And we must give thanks to those who dedicate themselves to our Nation's preservation for the next generations to come.
I know that this is a Nation of patriots--and as we honor its birth we may not celebrate in the same way--but I believe that our love of country is real and present in the minds and hearts of the people of this Nation.
Self-governance of a Nation by the people and for the people who come from such diversity is an experiment that has yet to run its course.
While living this experiment for two-hundred and forty-five years--we have also expanded and extended the blessings of liberty to former slaves, women, young people, native Americans, Asian-Pacific Islanders, Hispanics, and LGBTQI+ persons.
While we are still a work in progress, as each generation learns how best to perfect our democracy, we indeed have a great deal to be thankful for this July 4th.