Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Uptown Coffeehouse and its remarkable owner, Lorna Brennan.
After more than 20 years of serving the best cup of coffee in town, Uptown Coffeehouse closed its doors on June 30, 2024.
Since it first opened in Howell, Michigan, in 2002, Lorna and her team of baristas created a cherished meeting spot, warmly welcoming all who entered.
Located at the bustling corner of Grand River and Michigan Avenues in a beautiful late 19th-century historic building, Uptown Coffeehouse was truly at the heart of downtown Howell.
Through grit and determination, Lorna restored the building to its former splendor, including a historic renovation of the facade in 2019.
Lorna's vision transformed this building into a vibrant coffee house, meeting place, and art gallery.
For more than two decades, Uptown Coffeehouse was a second home for Lorna and a treasured fixture in the community.
Lorna's son, who was a preschooler when the business opened, grew up within its walls, celebrating milestones and accomplishments along the way.
In addition to coffee and baked goods, Uptown Coffeehouse offered a sense of belonging and outstanding service to customers.
Its expansive front windows provided a picturesque view of the city and changing seasons.
With local art displayed for patrons to enjoy, the venue became a vibrant cultural hub as it hosted open mic nights, spoken word events, and other entertainment through the years.
The community's love for Uptown Coffeehouse was evident through numerous local awards, including the People's Choice Award for the Best Howell Coffee Shop in 2019.
It was a special place, providing customers with memories to last a lifetime.
It was often the first place new residents visited downtown and were welcomed to Howell.
Uptown is where friendships were formed and regulars found a haven for their morning routines and work sessions.
It was a place where first dates happened and marriage proposals were made.
Despite challenges, including during the COVID-19 pandemic, Lorna and the staff at Uptown Coffeehouse always remained optimistic and focused on helping others.
Their kindness and generosity knew no bounds as they supported school groups, local charities, and donated coffee gift cards to hospital staff during the pandemic.