I respect the hon.
Gentleman, with whom I spent time at the Ministry of Justice, but he has suggested that this is “talk”.
We are one of the key reasons why Ukraine is still a free country.
It has regained about 50% of the land taken by Russia, and we played a decisive role in that.
I know that there is strong consensus on keeping it going, but I hope that that can be recognised.
I have already listed the enormous amount of ordnance that we have provided: 300,000 artillery shells and 400 million rounds of ammunition.
Of course we want to keep on doing that, and we are.
I have also explained how we will be supporting Ukraine in the naval domain, which I believe will be crucial.
Before I start questions, may I wish all Members and their families the best for Christmas and a peaceful new year?
I thank all staff within the House of Commons—those in security, catering, Clerks, you name it—for all they do.
It is appreciated.
It has been another hard year, and I just hope we can have a peaceful world, peace in the middle east, and certainly peace in Europe.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked— If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of introducing landfill tax relief for local authorities who are responsible for hazardous waste after companies go into liquidation.
A very merry Christmas to you and your staff, Mr Speaker.
Landfill tax provides an economic incentive to manage waste more sustainably, which has contributed to a 90% reduction in local authority waste sent to landfill in England since 2000.
However, it was not intended to act as a barrier to the remediation and redevelopment of contaminated land.
In the autumn statement the Government announced the land remediation pathfinder fund, which will provide £78 million of targeted support to local and mayoral authorities.
Happy Christmas, Mr Speaker.
For two weeks now the old Supa Skips site in Lancaster has been burning, and it looks as if Lancaster City Council will be left to pick up the tab for the clean-up.
Some of that money has to be spent on landfill tax.
Will the Minister meet me and Lancaster City Council to discuss what options are open to my local council to ensure that local ratepayers are not left footing the bill for rogue companies that walk away from sites, such as Supa Skips?
As I mentioned in my previous answer, the landfill tax has been hugely successful but it was never intended to act as a barrier to remediation.
The fund that was announced in the autumn statement will be open for bids in early 2024, and I encourage the hon.
Lady’s local authority to apply through the normal way.
Secondly, there is an ongoing review into the landfill tax, and reform of current exemptions are within scope of that review.
Our belief is that the fund may offer more targeted support in the way that she desires.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of Anglesey freeport on the economy in North Wales.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker.
Today is the funeral of former Chancellor Lord Darling, and if I may, I will make some comments about that in my topicals statement.
Anglesey freeport will be a national and international hub for trade, innovation and commerce, regenerating communities by attracting new business, and spreading jobs, investment and opportunity.
Nadolig llawen pawb.
I was delighted that the Chancellor extended freeport tax reliefs in England in his autumn statement.
Does he agree that if those extensions are realised in Wales, it will give companies the confidence to invest and help deliver the £1 billion investment, and thousands of jobs forecast for our Anglesey freeport?
Will he join me in thanking all those at the Isle of Anglesey County Council and Stena Line who worked so hard recently to submit the outline business case?
I am happy to join my hon.
Friend in thanking all those involved in promoting the Anglesey freeport, which we think may create 5,500 jobs.
We are working closely with the Welsh Government to agree on how the 10-year window to claim reliefs can be extended across freeports in Wales.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has done more than anyone to put Ynys Môn on the map.