We are clear that UNRWA is playing a critical role in Gaza.
We are very careful to ensure that the British taxpayers’ money we spend to support UNRWA is spent in the right way.
We have significantly increased our support to UNRWA and the Americans have re-engaged in supporting UNRWA.
Given the release of the latest Hamas video of three elderly male civilian hostages, does the Minister agree that in all the distress being experienced about events in Gaza, it is important that these innocent hostages do not become the forgotten element of the conflict?
Will the Government continue to do all they can to ensure that their safe release is part of any negotiations designed to bring an end to the violence?
I can give the hon.
Gentleman those assurances.
He will understand why it is unhelpful across the Floor of the House to discuss the details of the negotiations in respect of the hostages, but he may rest assured that we are acting in precisely the way he has set out.
There are horrific accounts of sexual violence being perpetrated against hostages in this conflict, including the gang rape of women and genital mutilation.
Will the Government stand firmly with the survivors of sexual violence, which should never be used as a tool of conflict, and do all possible to strengthen their access to justice?
My hon.
Friend will know that this Government have made a particular and important intervention to try to stop gender-based violence, and in particular the use of sexual crimes in warfare.
I can tell her that her view is well heard and well respected, and we will continue to do just that.
Can the Minister assure the House that should a vote on a ceasefire be brought forward today at the UN Security Council, the Government will  not abdicate their responsibility to innocent children, women and men, and will vote for that ceasefire and not abstain?
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that the Government certainly will not abdicate our responsibility, but how the Government exercise our vote on the Security Council will depend on the text that is agreed.
The entire Bibas family, including 11-month-old Kfir Bibas, were kidnapped on  7 October .
Does the Minister agree that preconditions for a ceasefire must include both the military defeat of Hamas and the return of all the hostages?
Yes.
The challenge in securing a sustainable ceasefire—many of us have been calling for a ceasefire for some time—is not just the immediate military concerns, but the allegations of war crimes.
Just in the past week alone, the Minister will have seen Houthi forces attacking shipping in the Red sea.
He will have seen the situation outlined so powerfully by our colleague,  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , in the Holy Family church.
On  11 December , when I asked the Minister about this issue, he told the House that the Government were continuing “to identify and look for mechanisms for ensuring that there can be no impunity”—[Official Report,  11 December 2023 ; Vol. 742, c. 618-19.]
for anybody who commits a war crime.
Can he update us on whether he has identified such a mechanism and what that might be?
The words I used were absolutely precise.
The Government have no tolerance of impunity for those who commit war crimes.
There are legal mechanisms and other mechanisms that are available and that we see every day in our papers, and the Government of course support those processes to ensure that there is not impunity for war crimes.
One hundred and twenty-nine hostages are still in captivity at the hands of the terrorist group Hamas.
Despite diplomatic efforts, the international Red Cross has still not been given access to them.
All we see is videos coming out.
At the same time, the Hamas leadership is meeting in Turkey with other terrorist groups planning what they will do next.
Irrespective of what the United Nations says, calling for a ceasefire just enables Hamas to regroup and set about their evil doings once again.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
That is why it is the policy of the Government and, as I understand it, the Opposition not to call for an immediate ceasefire.
Hamas have made it clear that they will not respect or accept a ceasefire.
Indeed, they want to repeat what happened on  7 October .
Israel has an absolute right of self-defence to go after the people who perpetrated those terrible events on  7 October .
Human Rights Watch has warned that the Israeli Government are using the starvation of civilians as a method of warfare in Gaza.
Let us be clear, that is a war crime.
Amnesty  has similarly warned of war crimes, as has the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Surely the Government should not be standing by while Israel commits war crimes, but should be calling for an immediate ceasefire that could swiftly help prevent further such crimes.
Does the failure to do so not risk complicity in those war crimes?
The Government have heard the words of President Herzog that Israel will respect international humanitarian law, and the Government expect Israel to abide by the words of the President.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  referred to a meeting of Hamas officials, including its deputy chairman and former leader, in Turkey recently, where Hamas set out their intent to carry on their brutal acts further to the  7 October  massacre.
What assessment has my right hon.
Friend the Minister made of Turkey’s role in facilitating Hamas’s continuing war crimes, and how will he pursue accountability for supposed NATO allies and strategic partners?
The Government make it clear to all countries where we stand on this.
We do not think that a ceasefire at this time is possible or practical.
We are seeking humanitarian pauses that are as long as possible to get aid in.
We are in favour, when it is conceivably possible, of a sustainable ceasefire, and we hope that time will come as soon as possible.
Is the real reason why there are so many civilian casualties in Gaza not that Hamas have cruelly, deliberately and wilfully used the civilian population as cover, whether by operating from hospitals, firing from schools, storing weapons in people’s houses or hiding among the civilian population?
Is that not the reason why we must not allow this terrorist group to continue to have a base from which to try to eliminate Israel, and why a ceasefire at present would stop the Israeli military fulfilling its obligation to protect its people in the long run by eliminating Hamas?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a very good point.
While Israel uses its military forces to defend its civilian population, Hamas use their civilian population to defend Hamas.
Last week’s comments from the Israeli ambassador, which effectively ruled out a two-state solution, serve as further evidence of the difference that exists between our aspirations for the region and those of both the Israeli Government and, of course, Hamas.
Given the chasm that exists between those conflicting objectives, is it not time to urgently press for a permanent ceasefire to enable the diplomatic measures necessary to bring about consensus on a lasting peace?
In respect of the comments made by the Israeli ambassador to the UK, the hon.
Gentleman will have seen the response of the British Government and, in particular, the response of the Foreign Secretary.
On the second part of the hon.
Gentleman’s question in respect of a permanent ceasefire, he will have heard not only what the Government have said, but what those on the Opposition Front Bench have said.
Will the United Kingdom Government urge the Government of Israel to ratify the Rome statute and thus become a state party to the International Criminal Court?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that Britain is a signatory to the International Criminal Court because we think that it is a vital piece of the international architecture, but it is for all countries to make their own decisions in that respect.
He will know that a number of countries, including America, have so far declined to join.
Shot and killed for going to the toilet— the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  has described just one example of what Palestinians in Gaza are going through.
Our heart goes out to her and her family, but also to all the civilians in Gaza who are affected by such appalling treatment at the moment.
Many Israeli leaders have openly pushed for the expulsion of Palestinians from the Gaza strip and called for the second Nakba in Gaza.
Will the Minister reassure the House that the British Government oppose any such attempt to forcibly expel and displace Palestinians from Gaza?
Yes.
With such death, devastation and destruction, which we have all seen unfold in real time, constituents are asking whether there are any British fingerprints or funding to be found behind the bullets and bombs used in the horror show of Gaza and the west bank.
The Minister talks of a two-state solution but, as has been pointed out, the Netanyahu regime and its ambassador to the UK have rejected this.
How can we allow the present tactics to go on unabated, when there is no clear picture on how and when this will end?
The hon.
Lady’s point underlines the vital importance of moving to a political track as soon as it is possible to do so.
Britain must maintain that international law is followed on the international stage, specifically the protection of civilians, including innocent children.
Does the Minister agree that although the humanitarian pause was an important step—testing the negotiation and mediation of intermediaries, and, of course, the release of hostages—only a lasting ceasefire will bring about the conditions for peace?
Does he also agree—we have heard it here in the Chamber today—that the Israeli Government have to accept that for them to have statehood and live in peace, they must want the same for their neighbour too?
That is why the Government are working towards a sustainable ceasefire.
In the meantime, we are anxious to secure the necessary pauses so that aid can get into Gaza as speedily as possible.