May I echo your comments, Mr Speaker, with Christmas wishes for all the House staff, your staff and Members?
The UK Government’s attempt to overhaul the EU subsidy scheme has left English farmers 50% worse off in cash terms than in 2020.
While the Scottish Government have sought to protect our farmers’ payments, can the Minister guarantee that the UK Government will not try to undermine their payments and devolution by back-door use of the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020?
I note that the hon.
Member did not answer my question, nor that of  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  about when the ringfenced money will be returned.
Order.
Questions are normally to the Minister, not the other way around.
Very good point,
but I still maintain that the hon.
Member needs to clarify that matter.
It is up to the Scottish Government if they would like at any point to top up the amount that goes to Scottish farming.
I encourage them to do so this afternoon at the Budget.
I do not think any Scottish farmer will be reassured by what the Minister has just said.
I just said that the Scottish Government are protecting those farmers’ payments, while English farmers are losing out, as we know.
What we do not have from the UK Government is detail on what they will be doing after 2025.
If we had remained in the European Union, we would know that figure for farming subsidies so that the Scottish Government could make plans to help farmers plan ahead.
Can the Minister apologise for that situation and guarantee that in the early months of next year we will have clarity on farming payments?
The UK Government have laid out plans for the agriculture transition in England that go beyond the current spending review, giving farmers increased certainty over policy and spending intent for years to come.
The Scottish Government could decide to provide farmers in Scotland with similar certainty if they chose to do so.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
A very jolly Christmas to you and all, Mr Speaker.
Small and medium-sized enterprises are the backbone of the economy, and we support them to thrive using levers across government.
Our small business rate relief means that one third of business properties in England already pay no business rates.
We provide tax reliefs benefiting SMEs, such as annual investment allowance and employment allowance, we support investments in SMEs through the British Business Bank programmes and we fund the schemes offering SMEs training and advice.
Merry Christmas to you and yours, Mr Speaker.
The autumn statement was a huge success for small businesses across the country, with the Federation of Small Businesses describing it as “a game changer”.
Will my hon.
Friend outline to the House how the autumn statement package will benefit those small businesses in my constituency on which my towns and villages rely?