(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if he will make a statement on the situation in Israel and Gaza.
The whole House will be gravely concerned about the desperate situation in Gaza.
It cannot continue, and we are deploying all our diplomatic resources, including in the United Nations, to help find a viable solution.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her urgent question and for the private messages from Gaza that she has made available to me, and I look forward to meeting her in the Foreign Office tomorrow.
The scale of civilian deaths and displacement in Gaza is shocking.
I was particularly disturbed to hear about the situation of civilians trapped in the Holy Family church complex in Gaza City, the lack of water and food, and reports of sniper fire causing civilian deaths inside the complex.
Although Israel has the right to defend itself against terror, restore its security and bring the hostages home, it must abide by international law and take all possible measures to protect civilians.
No one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
We recognise the sheer scale of the suffering, and are appalled at the impact on civilians.
We urgently need more humanitarian pauses to get all the hostages out and lifesaving aid in.
We welcome the recent opening of the Kerem Shalom crossing to help achieve that, but it is not enough.
Our immediate priorities are to secure the release of British hostages, to show solidarity with Israel in defending itself against Hamas while complying with international humanitarian law, and to call for such pauses, both at the UN and directly with Israel, to ensure that emergency aid can be distributed in Gaza, including fuel, water and medicine.
The Foreign Secretary will discuss the situation in Gaza with regional leaders this week in his visit to Egypt and Jordan.
The Government have recently announced an additional £30 million of British aid, tripling the UK aid budget for the Occupied Palestinian Territories this financial year.
To date, we have delivered 74 tonnes of aid, but there is still more to do.
Casualty numbers are far too high, and we are calling on Hamas to release each and every kidnapped hostage.
We are also actively exploring other routes for aid into Gaza, including maritime options.
Of course, as both the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have said, ultimately this must end.
We of course want to see an end to the fighting, but it must be a sustainable ceasefire, meaning that Hamas must stop launching rockets into Israel and must release the hostages.
More than 130 hostages are still unaccounted for.
They must be released immediately and returned to their families.
To achieve long-term peace in the middle east, a viable two-state solution is needed.
Leaving Hamas in power in Gaza would be a permanent roadblock on the path to that; no one can be expected to live alongside a terrorist organisation committed to their destruction and dedicated to repeating those attacks.
I am extremely grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question, and I thank the Minister for his response.
Let me begin by pointing Members towards my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests—I am an unpaid adviser to International Centre of Justice for Palestinians.
I have spoken before in the House about my extended family who are in the Holy Family parish church in Zeitoun, Gaza.
The situation has been desperate for weeks but is now descending further.
There are tanks outside the gates, and soldiers and snipers pointing into the complex and shooting at anyone who ventures out, and the convent was bombed.
On Saturday, two women were shot.
They were simply trying to get to the toilet.
There is no electricity or clean water, and the update that I had last night was that they were down to their last can of corn.
I am told that, after pressure, food has been delivered, but they have not seen it.
When this began a week ago, the Israel Defence Forces soldiers ordered those civilians to evacuate against their will.
Can the Government confirm that they see the forcible displacement of civilians as unacceptable?
The people in the church are civilians.
They have nothing to do with Hamas.
They are nuns, orphans and disabled people; they are a small Christian community and they know everyone.
As the Pope has said, and as my family can confirm, it is categorically untrue to say that Hamas are operating from there.
The situation has been condemned by many.
Will the Government condemn it?
It is important to stress that the suffering is not confined to just that church.
Just last week, we saw the utterly tragic deaths of three Israeli hostages.
Others are reported to have been murdered by Hamas, and 100 are still in captivity.
That is also unacceptable.
Seventy-three days on in this conflict, the death toll is only rising.
It is time for the international community to say that this violence is now making peace harder, not easier.
The UK Government talk now of a sustainable ceasefire, and although I and the Liberal Democrats welcome the change in tone, it is unclear whether that is in fact a change in position.
Will the Government demand an immediate bilateral ceasefire?
Will they change how they vote at the UN Security Council as a result?
When will the Prime Minister accept that the only route to peace is political, not military—that there is one way to get rid of Hamas and end the humanitarian catastrophe, and it is not this?
When will the United Kingdom fulfil its historical obligations to the region and recognise Palestine as a first step towards delivering the two states, which is the only way to guarantee security and dignity for Israelis and Palestinians?