The new 55-day payment rule will apply to only a few hundred companies contracted by the Government, yet microbusinesses, which do not typically have Government contracts, wait on average 68 days for payments.
Those businesses make up the majority of small businesses across our country.
Why will the Government not back the Micro Business Alliance’s “Pay in 30 days” campaign?
As I mentioned, we are well aware of the issue of late payments, and we are in constant dialogue with the key stakeholders in this area, as well as colleagues at the Department for Business and Trade.
We will always keep an eye on the measures, but the moves we have already made to tackle late payments, as announced recently, will make a big difference.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce taxes.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce taxes.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce taxes.
Thanks to the difficult decisions the Government have taken on inflation and debt, the autumn statement this year was able to deliver the biggest package of tax cuts to be scored since 1988.
I very much welcome the tax cuts recently announced by the Chancellor and hope to see more announced soon, especially a rise in the higher rate threshold.
As the Conservatives look to reduce the tax burden on working people, does the Chancellor share my concern that £28 billion-a-year unfunded spending commitments would likely see taxes rise and lead to higher interest rates if Labour were ever in government?
It is not just me but Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies who, when talking about Labour’s plan, has said that “additional borrowing…drives up interest rates”, which is, of course, a back-door tax rise on families with mortgages.
But as it is Christmas, perhaps I could explain it this way: if Santa borrowed £28 billion, he might have more toys to give out this year, but he would also have debt interest to pay and fewer toys to give out next year.
Record funding is going in to support the cost of childcare, to allow more parents to stay in the workforce.
This is very welcome, but the tax burden on single-earner households puts the choice to be a stay-at-home parent beyond the reach of too many.
Raising the youngest generation must count as a top investment, so may I ask my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor what recent analysis has been undertaken on the transferable allowance?
At up to £252 per annum, it is currently not designed to facilitate that choice.