Hundreds of British Palestinians have seen multiple generations of their relatives killed, their family homes destroyed and their futures in Gaza decimated.
I put on record my thanks to  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford East (Imran Hussain)  for organising the moving event with Professor Ghassan Abu Sitta.
It was a packed room, and not a single eye was dry as we listened to him speak about the horrific situation in the hospitals.
Have either the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary or the Minister met any British Palestinian families, including those who have recently returned from Gaza, to witness how they have been affected by Israel’s indiscriminate strikes?
My understanding is that both the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have had access to that information.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a plea for those difficulties to end, and I hope he will accept that the Government are doing everything we can to fulfil what he wants to see and what we want to see.
There is nothing morally courageous about arguing for the people who committed the atrocities on  7 October —the rapists and murderers who crossed into Israel on that day—to remain in power, which is what those who are demanding a ceasefire with Hamas are asking for.
That is the reality.
I fear sometimes, listening to what is said here, that some people hope Israel does not succeed in achieving its aim of wiping out this horrendous terrorist cult.
While there may be a letter from some colleagues that barely reached double figures, very many of us on the Government Benches have been proud of the strong stand and moral clarity that the Government have had in supporting Israel after what happened on  7 October , and I hope that continues.
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
We are determined that we will end up with a situation where the Palestinians can run their own territory, where the Arab states are heavily involved, and where a political initiative is regionally led.
Lots of international work, support and help is required, but we have to get to a point where we can see that political track take shape.
Ahead of today’s UN Security Council vote, a group of foreign policy and military experts, including the former chief of the UK armed forces, General Richards, have called for the Foreign Secretary to support an immediate ceasefire at the UN Security Council.
Many have long argued for that, but it can be achieved at the UN Security Council only if the US stops vetoing resolutions.
I welcome what the Minister has said about hoping that the UK will support such a resolution, but can he say more about what our Government are doing in the next two hours to convince the US at the minimum to abstain on the resolution to allow it through, or to support it?
The hon.
Lady will know that Britain always takes a leading role in the drafting and execution of these resolutions.
I can tell her that skilled British diplomats are using this time to try to secure an agreement on the Security Council resolution, which I hope may be passed tonight.
I can give her no guarantee of that, but I can give her a guarantee that British diplomats are working flat out to achieve it.