It is true that the Foreign Secretary received a letter over the weekend, signed by 10 colleagues, which states: “It is widely accepted across the world that lasting security for Israel, peace for the Palestinians, an end to the killing, and the defeat of Hamas, can only be achieved through politics and diplomacy and the establishment of two states.”
That is very much the view of the Government as well.
The Minster has clearly seen the communiqué from the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem, pointing out the atrocities committed in the grounds of the Holy Family church, with two people murdered and at least seven wounded.
That shows a shocking lack of fire control discipline by the Israeli forces.
Will the Minister raise with the Israeli forces my grave concerns, and those of many colleagues across the House, that that is not acceptable?
There is no need for me to raise it with the Israeli forces, because they are themselves conducting an inquiry into the matter.
At Gaza’s Kamal Adwan Hospital last weekend, approximately 80 Hamas fighters were arrested, some of whom took part in the  7 October  massacres.
Weaponry, Hamas intelligence, and military and technological equipment were recovered, and reports suggest that hospital staff directed the Israel Defence Forces to weapons that Hamas had stored inside incubators for premature babies.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning Hamas for those appalling war crimes, and does he agree that that incident underlines Hamas’s disregard for civilian human life in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is right to point to those reports.
As I mentioned earlier, there have been reports of weapons found in incubators, in particular in Kamal Adwan Hospital.
I am sure that every Member of this House condemns without qualification the appalling events perpetrated by Hamas, starting on  7 October .
Does the Minister agree with Cardinal Vincent Nichols’s version of events that took place in the compound of the Holy Family church?
The right hon.
Lady will understand that I am not in a position to make that judgment, but I have heard with great respect what the Cardinal Archbishop of Westminster has said.
All of us were deeply sympathetic to the plight of our Jewish brothers after the October pogrom, and most of us accepted the argument that an immediate ceasefire would have played into the hands of Hamas, but I think on these Benches the mood is changing.
Frankly, what Israel is doing is totally unacceptable.
This is indiscriminate bombing of vast civilian populations.
Leaving aside the outrage at the Holy Family church, it is simply not in the long-term interests of Israel that it radicalises whole generations of Arab youth.
It is not in our interests, either, to be involved in any way on the side of Israel doing that.
We must up the rhetoric and condemn that unequivocally.
My right hon.
Friend will have seen the article co-authored by the Foreign Secretary and his German counterpart.
He is right to refer to the pogrom that was instigated in October, and also to the importance of a sustainable ceasefire and respect for international humanitarian law.
In my view, the answer to his final point is that the moment there is an opportunity to advance a political track, it must be seized by the region, and Britain will do everything it can to support that.
We should all thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for her steadfastness and for securing this urgent question.
Eighteen thousand people have now died across the Gaza strip, and Israel is using food, water and medicine as weapons of war against a civilian population.
There are 8,000 missing people under the rubble.
As she said, a political solution is required, not a military one.
Can the Minister assure the House that the vote today will bring about a ceasefire, and that it will stop the escalation of the war into the Red sea and the Mediterranean, and start to address the underlying issue, which is of course Israel’s occupation of the west bank, the refugees all around the world, and the continued siege of Gaza, which has gone on for decades?
We must have the start of a long-term process that brings about real justice for the Palestinian people, or we will be back here again with more war crimes, more deaths, more destruction, and the horrors for decades to come.
The right hon.
Gentleman is entirely right to focus on the United Nations Security Council resolution, which we hope will be passed this afternoon.
That is the way we move the situation forward towards the political track that both he and I want to see as rapidly as possible.
We all welcomed the humanitarian pause that saw the release of a number of hostages, and aid delivered into Gaza.
On  1 December , the seven-day pause collapsed following the firing of rockets into Israel from Gaza.
Hamas also failed to provide a daily list of hostages to be released by 7 am, in  a further violation of the truce.
Will the Minister join me in criticising Hamas for violating the truce agreement, once again proving that they are no partners for a lasting peace between Israelis and Palestinians?
The House will note what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
I assure him that we are doing everything we can to get humanitarian support into Gaza, including focusing specifically on any maritime opportunities.
The Royal Fleet Auxiliary Lyme Bay is loaded with supplies in Cyprus, and is ready to sail once we can be assured that the support can be received and delivered.
With almost 20,000 deaths in Gaza, my constituents in Bolton are asking, “When is ‘enough’ enough?”
With 153 countries voting for a ceasefire, when is a “sustainable ceasefire” a ceasefire that happens now?
Members of Noorul Islam mosque in Bolton recently visited Egypt to try to get aid across the border into Gaza.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss ways that we can work with the Egyptian Government and other partners to ensure that aid can get from Bolton into Gaza?