Will the Chancellor confirm how much higher the tax burden is forecast to be at the end, compared with at the start, of this Parliament?
What I can confirm is that, as a result of the measures I took in the autumn statement, it will be lower at the end of the scorecard period than it would otherwise have been, and a lot lower than it would be under any Labour Government.
May I ask the Chancellor how many middle-income taxpayers have been paying the higher rate of tax since 2019?
I am happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with the exact numbers, but for people on low incomes—people being paid the lowest legally payable wage—their post-tax real income has gone up by 30% since 2010, because the Conservative party believes in making work pay.
Why is the fiscal situation strong enough to cut national insurance, but not strong enough to return the overseas aid budget to 0.7% of GNI?
Because the way we return the overseas aid budget to 0.7% is to grow the economy.
By cutting national insurance, we put nearly 100,000 more people into the national workforce, filling nearly one in 10 vacancies in companies up and down the country.
What recent steps he has taken to help ensure people have access to banking services.
The Government believe that all customers should have appropriate access to banking services, which is why we have legislated to protect access to cash.
We also support the FCA’s bank branch closure guidance as well as industry initiatives to provide in-person access, including shared banking hubs at post offices, and access via digital means.
More than 5,000 bank branches have closed since 2015.
Sadly, the Lloyds bank in Withington village will join the many more branches closing in the coming months and leave Withington without a bank branch, but by the end of the year the industry will have delivered only 30 shared banking hubs.
Does the Minister think that the pace and scale of that roll-out is good enough?
First, it is worth stating that, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, the decisions on whether to open or close branches are commercial ones, and the Government do not interfere with that.
However, we have legislated to protect access for cash.
The banks need to abide by the Financial Conduct Authority’s guidance, with the latest guidance published only last   week.
In relation to shared banking hubs, we should indeed increase the pace at which they are rolled out, and I am talking with the industry about how to do that.
It is pretty clear that most legacy banks do not give a stuff about their customers and just want to screw as much money out of people as possible.
After the scandal of Coutts’s debanking of Nigel Farage, the Government acted swiftly to try to make that much more difficult for other customers, but many businesses face the same problem.
What will the Government do to stop businesses being debanked in the same way as individuals?
I am not sure that I quite accept my hon.
Friend’s characterisation of the banking industry, but I am happy to meet him and discuss the problems he outlined in relation to specific businesses and access to bank accounts.