What recent discussions he has had with the Financial Conduct Authority on how creditors contact customers in debt.
I was pleased to speak at the launch of the Money and Mental Health Policy Institute’s report on this subject last week, alongside the FCA.
It is worth saying that I used to be on the advisory board of that institute.
The Government and the FCA will continue to work closely to ensure that consumer protections are fit for purpose, including through our upcoming reform of the Consumer Credit Act 1974.
A constituent who was a victim of domestic abuse and whose ex-husband fraudulently took out a loan in her name was constantly harassed by creditors as she tried to clear the debt, and, according to a recent report by the organisation that the Minister  mentioned, that is an experience shared by others.
Will Ministers discuss with the FCA imposing legal limits on arrears communications in cases such as this, as other countries have done?
Let me say two things.
First, I pay tribute to the former Financial Secretary, now the Health Secretary—my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) —who did a great deal of work in relation to economic abuse.
I am committed to continuing that work with the Treasury to ensure that we limit the circumstances in which the incidents described by the hon.
Lady can occur.
As for the broader question of what the regulator does in such cases, we have put a record level of funding, to the tune of some £93 million, into working with regulators on debt advice.
I shall be happy to discuss with the hon.
Lady the details of how we can help her constituents in the way that she suggested.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes in mortgage interest rates over the course of this Parliament on household income.
As the hon.
Lady knows, the path to lower interest rates is through low inflation, and the independent Bank of England has the Government’s full support as it takes action to return inflation to target.
The Government’s mortgage charter, brokered by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor earlier in the year, is available to 90% of borrowers.
Real disposable income per person is about £800 higher than the Office for Budget Responsibility predicted in its March forecast.
The expiry of 1.5 million fixed-rate mortgage deals next year will mean even more people paying sky high-costs.
It comes at a time when many are suffering increased financial hardship and personal debt, which is having an impact on their mental and physical health.
Does the Minister think it fair that families are paying hundreds of pounds more each month to cover the costs of the Government’s mini-Budget disaster?
Mortgage costs and interest rates have gone up throughout the world, and we are in more or less the middle of the pack—they are higher in the United States, for example—but what will definitely make things harder for the hon.
Lady’s constituents, and indeed all our constituents, is borrowing an extra £28 billion that will only serve to increase inflation and keep rates higher for longer.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the OBR’s growth forecasts on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the OBR’s growth forecasts on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the OBR’s growth forecasts on living standards.
The OBR revised up its growth figures after data revisions by the Office for National Statistics indicated the economy had recovered more fully from the pandemic than had been expected, which means that the current level of real GDP is nearly 3% higher than was predicted in March forecasts.
The Government put a positive spin on the provisional local government finance settlement yesterday, but the Local Government Association said that it did not provide enough funding to meet the severe cost and demand pressures on councils, and assumed that all councils would increase their tax bills by the maximum allowed next year.
What will that do for my constituents’ living standards?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we put billions of pounds into councils this year, and the provisional settlement is above what is expected to be the inflation rate next year.
If she has specific issues with her local council, I shall be happy to take that up with her.
We have seen one of the greatest falls in living standards in a generation, and the Chancellor has callously removed the household support fund from councils.
In Brighton the fund pays for free school meal vouchers in the holidays, the warmth and wellbeing scheme, career centres, family hubs, and food banks such as the one in Whitehawk where my constituency office has its surgeries.
Will the Minister think again about scrapping the household support fund, so that councils can support the very worst off?
I want to reassure the hon.
Gentleman: no decision has been made about the household support fund.
More broadly, however, we have pulled in an average of £3,700 per household this year to help people with exactly what we are talking about.
This Government are on the side of people during what is a very difficult time.
According to the Low Pay Commission, one in five people who should be receiving the national minimum wage do not even get that.
This is a huge failure of enforcement.
How can we have increased living standards if people do not even receive the legal minimum to which they are entitled?
If the hon.
Gentleman can give individual examples, I ask him please to let us know.
It is, obviously, extremely important that we enforce this, but I should point out that we will increase the levels by 9.8% next year, which will make a significant difference to households up and down the country.
Is not the more fundamental problem with the question posed by Opposition Members the fact that the OBR’s forecasts are never right?
All I can say is that they have definitely gone in the right direction, because the economy next year will be billions of pounds bigger than we thought it was going to be in March.
What steps he is taking to ensure value for money in public spending.
Value for money is at the heart of Government spending and it is one of the key considerations for any decision involving the use of public funds across Government.
As Chief Secretary, I am committed to tackling waste and promoting productivity across the public sector.
Last year, Government officials admitted that they were paying companies to burn and destroy 15,000 pallets of unusable personal protective equipment each month.
Does the Treasury have any idea how much wasted PPE has gone up in smoke this year?
During the pandemic our priority was absolutely clear: to get PPE to the frontline as quickly as possible.
There was an unprecedented global increase in demand for PPE during the emergency response to the pandemic and items were procured at pace.
The Department of Health and Social Care continues to seek to recover fraud losses to ensure that public funds are protected.