Mr Speaker, I wish you, your staff and everyone across the House a very happy Christmas.
It has been reported that the Prime Minister instructed a £40 million VIP helicopter service that had been earmarked for closure to continue to provide him with flights.
Will the Treasury publish a cost-benefit analysis of that decision for taxpayers to see?
I do not know the details of the issue raised by the hon.
Lady, but I assure her that the Treasury is ferocious in its determination to ensure that every penny of the public’s money is spent wisely.
The electrification of the north Wales main line has been a vital issue to Delyn and the rest of north Wales for many years.
Back in 2015, when it was judged as costing about £850 million, it was kiboshed by the Treasury as not being value for money.
Now that it is expected to cost over £1 billion, will the Chancellor guarantee that the project will definitely go ahead and that the Treasury will not put a stop on it again?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman.
Mr Speaker, I wish you, those across the House and my constituents a very merry Christmas.
People in rural areas suffer more than their urban counterparts because of the rural premium they encounter in their daily lives.
With food inflation at around 10%, people in Somerton and Frome are once again facing a choice between heating and eating.
What recent assessment has the Department made of the effect of inflation on food prices?
I know that the hon.
Lady will have welcomed the most important change to cost of living pressures, which is inflation coming down.
In addition, we have had the cost of living payments this year, and also benefits going up by 10.1% this year and by more than the expected level of inflation next year.
We as a Government have done all we can to support people and will continue to do so.
Mr Speaker, as mine is the last name on the Order Paper, may I wish you and Mrs Speaker, and the two Front-Bench teams, a very happy Christmas?
Notwithstanding his predilection for myrrh and frankincense, may I ask the Chancellor to comment on the state of our gold reserves and whether, in a world where peace to all men seems to be in rather short supply at the moment, he anticipates adding to them in 2024?
As I go to carol services over the festive period, I will make sure that I am suitably inspired by what the three wise men brought to the crib.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that I am actually visiting our gold reserves this week, so I will see at first hand just how important they are.
Right now, council leaders up and down the country are having to make very difficult decisions on cutting vital services—not because of profligacy, but because of Government cuts to their funding.
What steps is the Chancellor taking to ensure that local authorities—such as that in York, which is the lowest-funded area—are adequately funded?
The hon.
Lady will have heard my answer to a previous question where I stated that we have put billions of pounds of extra money into local government this year to cover pressures.
We recognise that those pressures are real, which is why the provisional settlement proposes an above-inflation rise for next year.
A fortnight ago, Kaye Adams, a TV presenter, won her case against His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs on IR35 status.
Despite the fact that she won her first tax tribunal on the issue, HMRC took her to either a tribunal or court four times over a nine-year period, forcing her to spend £200,000 in legal fees.
HMRC spent many times that, using two King’s counsel at the last hearing alone.
This was over a net tax bill of £70,000.
There is no conceivable economic case for that.
What HMRC is trying to do is move the guidelines by coercing Ms Adams and using her as an example to intimidate other self-employed workers to give in to HMRC’s bullying.
This is a disgrace.
It has gone on for too long.
The 2021 revisions were inadequate and ministerial oversight is too weak.
When will the Government review IR35 and, ideally, abolish it?
It is our duty to ensure that everyone pays the right tax under the law regardless of wealth or status.
We note the decision of the tribunal and will carefully analyse the outcome before considering the next steps, but the off-payroll rules ensure that people who work like employees, but through their own limited company, are taxed like employees, creating a level playing field for other workers.
UK capital requirement regulations mandate a 50% level of capitalisation to be held by lenders for longer terms as opposed to 20% for shorter terms.
Car manufacturer banks, such as Renault’s RCI Financial Services, underpin every franchise car dealer across these islands and operate on a seven-day notice period to terminate in order to minimise their capital requirements at 20%.
The problem arises when a bank such as RCI maladministers a serious activity report, panics over its obligations under the regulations and terminates an award-winning Renault, Nissan and  Dacia dealer such as Mackie Motors in my constituency with seven days’ notice.
Will the Chancellor or one of his Ministers meet me to discuss this crisis?