Before I ask my question, I want to convey the apologies of the shadow Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds West (Rachel Reeves) .
She is delivering the eulogy at Alistair Darling’s funeral today.
I want to say a few words about Alistair Darling—I am sure you will agree, Mr Speaker—a dedicated public servant, who was respected across both Houses.
He led the country’s economic response to the global financial crisis with integrity, honesty and sound judgment, and we will all miss him.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester, Withington (Jeff Smith)  just said, nearly 6,000 bank branches have closed since 2015, and only 30 banking hubs are up and fully running.
That has left countless people financially excluded and affected lots of small businesses.
I ask the Minister once again: will he accelerate the roll-out of banking hubs properly?
Why are his Government not doing anything to reverse the decline of the great British high street?
I agree with the hon.
Lady’s words about Lord Darling and echo the words of my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor.
On bank branches, I will repeat my position: it is important that the Government do not decide when a branch opens and when it closes, but it is a concern when communities are left without appropriate access to cash.
That is why we were the first Government to legislate for access to cash, as we did earlier this year, and that is why I believe we should speed up the roll-out of banking hubs.
I am working with the industry on ways in which we can do that.
If the Minister is serious about protecting the future of the great British high street, will he back Labour’s pledge, which has been welcomed by Cash Access UK and the wider sector, to guarantee face-to-face banking in every community and give the FCA the powers it needs to roll out hundreds of banking hubs across the country?
As the hon.
Lady knows, the industry leads the roll-out of banking hubs.
We are supporting it—I say this again—to speed that up as much as possible.
I have not seen the Labour pledge—I suspect  that I will not support it—but it is important that the industry hears the views of constituents and Members from across the House and that we speed up the roll-out of banking hubs in communities that need them.
What steps his Department is taking to incentivise pension schemes to invest in the UK.
At the autumn statement, we set out a series of measures to improve pension saver returns, increase opportunities for investment and boost the UK’s capital markets and high-growth companies.
Merry Christmas, Mr Speaker, and to all those in the House.
The UK’s pension funds lag behind their counterparts in the USA, Scandinavia and Australia for investing in technology firms.
Can my hon.
Friend continue his work on reforms and ensure that more pension fund investment stays in the UK, to boost our tech sector?
Under the industry-led Mansion House compact, 11 of the UK’s largest defined contribution pension schemes have signed up to the objective of allocating at least 5% of their funds to unlisted equities by 2030.
We believe that could unlock £50 billion of investment in high-growth companies and should help increase returns to savers.