In resisting Labour’s efforts to strengthen the Renters (Reform) Bill, Ministers have repeatedly argued that the legislation as drafted strikes precisely the right balance between the interests of tenants and those of landlords, yet by watering down protections for renters and further delaying the long-overdue abolition of section 21 evictions, the package of draft Government amendments to the Bill that we saw last week will tilt the playing field decisively back towards the landlord interest.
Are we to believe that the Government have honestly decided, at the 11th hour, that it is landlords who need more rights and powers, or is this not simply a crude attempt to manage an increasingly fractious Tory party at a shameful cost to hard-pressed private tenants?
The hon.
Gentleman, like various Members who have spoken, is a committed campaigner on this issue.
I enjoyed our time together in the Public Bill  Committee.
We need to strike the balance he has just spoken about.
That is why we are discussing the Bill with both landlord groups and tenant groups.
We are meeting colleagues on the Government Benches and the Labour Benches, and those in the smaller parties, too.
We are ensuring that when we bring the Bill back it is in the best possible shape so that it affords protections and security for tenants, but protections, in fairness, for landlords too.
What his planned timescale is for reviewing the flood recovery framework.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I am pleased to report that the review of the flood recovery framework has already begun and I expect the work to be completed by autumn this year.
We will, of course, update Parliament in the usual way when that review is completed.
My constituent Lucy owns Ride Leisure Events on Wyboston Lakes, which flooded again during Storm Henk.
She cannot get insurance and her business is not entitled to compensation under the flood recovery framework because of the Government’s arbitrary decision to expect cash-strapped councils to cover the cost if fewer than 50 properties are impacted.
It is very unfair that my constituent has fallen through the safety net.
She will not be the only one, with property in Kempston regularly affected by flooding.
Will the Minister crack that anomaly in the framework and help my constituent save her business?
I am sorry to hear about that case, and if the hon.
Gentleman wishes to write to me giving details of the business, I will of course look into it.
As for Storm Henk, 2,241 properties have been identified as eligible for grant support.
That covers 16 upper-tier local authorities, and to date payments of £788,743 have been reported by authorities to impacted householders and businesses.
There always has to be a rubric in these cases, and this issue will be considered during the flood recovery framework review, on which, as I have said, we will report back to the House.
However, the offer is there: if the hon.
Gentleman wishes to write to me, I will happily look at what he has to say.
Whiston has been flooded repeatedly over the past decade, and there is a huge ongoing issue, but Rotherham council recently approved the building of 450 new homes there.
Whiston Parish Council, which is independently aligned and thus not party political, called a special public meeting about the plans, which show water running uphill—which I believe it does not do—and floodwater draining into a non-existent stream.
This surely demonstrates that Rotherham Council does not understand the issue of flooding.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that all councils, including Rotherham, have a responsibility not to build on floodplains?
My hon.
Friend has raised an important issue.
Between them, the local planning authority and the Environment Agency should always find the most appropriate sites for development and take hydrology and water management into consideration.
The Minister for Housing, Planning and Building Safety, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Lee Rowley) , will have heard what my hon.
Friend has said, and may contact him in due course.
Whether he has had recent discussions with local authorities on adopting private roads on new estates.
The adoption of roads is largely an issue for my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport, who leads on that policy, but I know—because we have spoken about this in the Committee considering the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill—that the hon.
Gentleman has a significant interest in this matter.
We understand the strength of feeling about it, and we are considering it further.
Across the country, homeowners in a state of adoption limbo are being left exposed to exploitative and often unaccountable management companies.
Despite their warm words, sadly the Government did not take any of the actions that the Competition and Markets Authority urged them to take in order to end the issue of fleecehold once and for all.
Given that the Secretary of State is rumoured to be on the lookout for legacy accomplishments, will the Minister urge his colleagues to finally act on this issue during the current Parliament, or will fleecehold be yet another issue left for the next Government to tackle?
With the best will in the world, the CMA report was published a few days ago, and the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill had been progressing through the House for a number of months before that.
As for the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point, I hope he will accept, as other Members, including his colleagues, have done, that the Bill is a significant improvement for estate management, providing the right of redress to a tribunal, further information and the right to absolute clarity on service charges.
All those changes have been rightly demanded by residents, and we are considering carefully whether there is anything further than we can do.
What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of town deals.
My Department is engaging with all town deal recipients to support delivery through our performance monitoring process, and we have a particular interest in progress in Ipswich following the allocation of £25 million, secured by the hon.
Gentleman, for 10 projects there.
I am very grateful for that investment.
As the Secretary of State will know, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison)  had to intervene because of the slow production of the business cases.
We got over that hurdle, but sadly, years later, we are still desperately waiting for delivery on the ground.
When bodies other than the Labour-led council are responsible for projects, they are delivered—no problem—but when the council is in the driving seat, what we see is no delivery.
Whether it is cock-up or conspiracy, it is not good enough.
Will the Secretary of State please intervene to let the council know that it is not right to put politics before the delivery that the people of Ipswich so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is a bonnie fechter for Ipswich, and he is absolutely right about, for instance, the local shopping parades project and the former R&W Paul Silo building.
I am afraid that we have not seen the progress that we would expect.
It is indeed the case that the Labour Council in Ipswich is not delivering for the people of Ipswich in the way that my hon.
Friend so brilliantly does.
I thought that the Secretary of State’s Government were introducing all these deals in order to help the parts of the country that were struggling and where more people on low earnings lived.
Like him, I have been looking carefully at who is getting the money.
Why does so much of it goes to Tory marginal seats?
Is that fair?
First, Ipswich is an area that deserves investment—an area that has been overlooked and undervalued under Labour Governments.
Secondly, on Friday I was proud to be able to announce additional investment in a mass transit system, which will enable the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents in Huddersfield to travel more quickly across West Yorkshire to Leeds and Bradford.
Sadly, it is the case at the moment that we do not have Conservative MPs in Leeds or Bradford, but we know that the Labour marginal seats in Leeds and Bradford, and of course the marginal seat of Huddersfield, will very soon have Conservative representation.
What the eligibility criteria for the community ownership fund are.
What the eligibility criteria for the community ownership fund are.
The £150 million community ownership fund is open to voluntary and community organisations or parish, town and community councils from all parts of the United Kingdom that have a viable plan for taking ownership of a community asset at risk and running it sustainably for community benefit.
So far, we have awarded £71 million to 257 community projects, including £1 million to Gigg Lane, the home of Bury FC.
Detailed guidance on the criteria is available in the prospectus on gov.uk.
Silsden Methodist church in my constituency has not been used for worship for some time, but it is a really important community space, where a wide range of community groups meet regularly.
Sadly, I understand that the Methodist Church may now sell the building, threatening the future of these groups, but Silsden Parish Council has managed to have the building listed as an asset of community value.
Could my hon.
Friend tell me whether the community ownership fund might be a suitable source of funding to secure the future of the building, or which other funds the parish council should be looking at?
It sounds as though the church is eligible, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss eligibility further.
Applicants can bid for up to £2 million in capital funding from the community ownership fund, with additional revenue funding available, but in the first instance I would recommend that interested applicants read the prospectus on gov.uk, as this will cover all they need to know regarding eligibility requirements, funding available and the application process.
Would my hon.
Friend consider amending the criteria for community ownership fund applications to include the potential community purchase of redundant council assets?
It would bring back to life many publicly owned buildings and spaces that are currently serving no purpose or are underused.