“basic stuff not being done”.
He shone a bright light on the shoddy treatment of unaccompanied children in hotels, some of whom are still missing to this day and have not been found by the Home Office.
He highlighted the “lack of grip and poor leadership” that resulted in those children becoming lost.
He also highlighted the chaos and the secret policies being operated as part of the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme—utterly unacceptable.
What happens now to the planned inspections that are stuck in limbo?
Those inspections include adults at risk, which is crucial as people have committed suicide in asylum accommodation.
Small boats are all the more critical given the tragic loss of a seven-year-old wee girl just this week.
On high-performance visas, on Rwanda, on Georgia and on age assessment, what will happen to the work plan that the chief inspector set out, and to the staff—expert inspectors—who are in place to deliver it?
Will David Neal’s recommendations be taken on by whoever follows him in that post?
What will the Department do for future reports?
Next time a report is published, will the Minister make a statement to the House, rather than being brought here by an urgent question?
I am very grateful to the SNP spokesman for that variety of questions.
I too, actually, want to place on record my thanks to Mr Neal for the work that he did—[Interruption.]
There is chuntering from Opposition Members, but it is perfectly right and proper to thank him for his work.
There are recommendations that the Government have accepted and are taking forward.
We treat the outcomes of those reports with the seriousness that they warrant.
We will continue to work through those recommendations; even in the absence of an ICIBI, we will continue to make progress against our commitments.
Obviously, we want to get on and appoint a replacement for Mr Neal, and that process is under way.
We want to do that as quickly as possible, while also making sure that we properly engage the Home Affairs Committee in that process, and we will do so in the way that that Committee would rightly expect.
It is welcome that we no longer have any unaccompanied asylum-seeking children hotels under the auspices of the Home Office, but the recommendations that were made within the report still stand and, again, we treat them seriously.
As I said at an earlier Home Affairs Committee appearance, I treat tracing missing asylum-seeking children with the utmost seriousness, and with better relationships with the police, improved guidance and other steps, we have managed to track down more of those children since we met at the Home Affairs Committee.
We continue to see Afghans arriving under the ACRS.
That is welcome, and we will continue to evolve that scheme and make improvements where we can.
We have made commitments around the scheme, and it is of real importance to me: fulfilling our promises to those who worked with the British Government and to others is a responsibility that I take incredibly seriously.
I want to make sure that we go about this recruitment process in the proper way, involving the Home Affairs Committee.
The second permanent secretary is leading engagement with the secretariat at the ICIBI, and we will get on and appoint a successor.
I pay tribute to David Neal.
It is fair to say that when we did his pre-appointment scrutiny at the Home Affairs Committee, we had doubts, but he has proved himself to be a diligent and dogged public servant in some of the most difficult circumstances.
Notwithstanding the fact that he has not been reappointed, the 13 reports that have been published raise significant issues, whether that is the border at London City airport, Afghan resettlement, or child asylum seekers.
Even though those reports have only just been published, what assurances can the Minister give that work has been undertaken on them?
Will he also give me his thoughts on the excellent suggestion that the post should be made independent so that the chief inspector can publish reports when they are ready, rather than dropping them into the Home Office memory hole and hoping for the best?
My hon.
Friend is a diligent member of the Home Affairs Committee.
It is fair to say that where recommendations are made, we engage with them constructively, and progress will quite often be made against those recommendations even in advance of reports being published.
He can absolutely have an assurance from me that we will continue to work through the commitments that we have made in responding to various recommendations in those 13 reports and, having made this promise to this House, that future reports will be published within an eight-week window.
My hon.
Friend has raised a point about procedure.
I am happy to take that point away and raise it with ministerial colleagues who have direct responsibility for the ICIBI relationship.
As colleagues have said, the Home Affairs Committee found Mr Neal to be a very diligent and committed public servant.
Does the Minister share the chief inspector’s concern about unaccompanied child migrants?
He reported on them playing very unsuitable games—trying to bet which one of them would be the first to go into foster care—and on their ages being overestimated, resulting in children sharing bedrooms with much older adults.
Does the Minister propose to follow up on any of the issues that the chief inspector raised?
The right hon.
Lady should know that that is an area we have been very concerned about.
The issue of unaccompanied asylum-seeking children should never, ever be the subject of a game.
I think all of us were horrified to hear about that incident, and following those inspection findings, the Department launched an immediate investigation into the inappropriate behaviour of the support worker, who was removed from site immediately and did not return.
As I have said, all seven hotels used to accommodate unaccompanied asylum-seeking children have since closed.
The Department has taken the recommendations seriously, and there is a lot of learning there for the future as we take forward our work, including our wider work with local authorities on safeguarding the most vulnerable children.