We have gone into the termination of the inspector’s appointment before in this House: he lost the confidence of the Home Secretary, and information was shared in the media that ought not to have been shared; it was confidential, and outside the appropriate publication process.
On the publication of reports, I cannot speak to earlier decisions made under previous Ministers, but I said very clearly on a number of occasions that we would get on and respond to the reports, and that is precisely what we have done.
I also reassure the House today—I think this is important, and that the House is interested in this point—that we will respond to the reports within eight weeks.
That arguably lives up to both the letter and spirit of the commitment that James Brokenshire made all those years ago, when he held this role.
These reports are, cumulatively, a remarkable catalogue of past failings, but may I invite the Minister to look ahead?
He has referred to the Rwanda scheme; does he agree that the incoming independent inspector must be allowed to examine the workings of that scheme, and that it should not be implemented unless and until the next inspector has given it a satisfactory bill of health?
It will of course be for the next inspector to decide on their programme of work, but I disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman on his latter point.
I would argue that lives are at stake, and that every day that people lose their lives in the channel is one day too many.
We are making progress on seeing through our commitment to put an end to these channel crossings, but the Rwanda policy is absolutely front and centre; it is the next piece of the jigsaw when it comes to putting these evil criminal gangs out of business, and we should not wait any longer than is absolutely necessary to get on and deliver on that work.
The Rwanda policy has cost over £500 million —an approximate cost of £2 million for each individual the Government are seeking to transport to Rwanda.
Will the Bill ever be implemented, and is it good value for the taxpayer?
I hear a lot of criticism there, but no constructive suggestion on what the hon.
Gentleman would do in the absence of the Rwanda policy.
As I have said, we engage properly and thoroughly with the National Audit Office on the figures, and we continue to be committed to providing transparency around those figures through the annual report and accounts.
The Rwanda policy is an important part of our answer when it comes to putting an end to these criminal gangs and the terrible criminality that they oversee.
Crucially, this is about saving lives, and we will get on and deliver the policy.
He will, no doubt, have the opportunity in the next few weeks to vote for that Bill, and so help us to operationalise that policy and put those evil criminal gangs out of business.
The borders inspectorate found that staff working in a Home Office-run hotel made unaccompanied asylum-seeking children play a disgraceful game to find out which child was next to be placed in foster care, a practice certain to cause more distress to already traumatised children.
The same report found that agency workers employed to look after children as young as nine had insufficient background checks and training.
What has the Minister done to ensure that he understands the full extent of the risks to children in the asylum system, and what steps is he taking to end such disgraceful practices, and to guarantee that everyone working with children is properly vetted and trained?
The hon.
Lady is right to say that everybody working with children has to be properly vetted.
We have taken seriously the recommendations that Mr Neal made in response to that issue.
As I said to  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , this was a terrible situation.
There was accountability in relation to the individual who thought it appropriate to play that game, which was, to any Member of this House and any right-minded person, abhorrent.
The hon.
Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes)  is right to say that we are talking about children in difficult circumstances who have been through an awful lot.
All those individuals—I would use the word “professionals”—have a responsibility to care for those children, and to behave in an appropriate way befitting their role.
There are no longer any unaccompanied asylum-seeking children in hotels open under the Home Office’s remit, but there is value in the recommendations, which should carry through into the work that we do with local authorities.
The Independent Anti-Slavery Commissioner, Dame Sara Thornton, raised concerns about Government policy on trafficking and slavery.
Her contract was not renewed, and that crucial post was vacant for 16 months.
David Neal, as the ICIBI, raised concerns about immigration, and he was sacked.
That post will be vacant for months.
The Minister has said that independent scrutiny plays an important role, but does he not agree that under this Government, independent scrutiny is not only not valued, but becoming a sackable offence?
I have been clear with the House about the basis on which Mr Neal’s contract was terminated.
I do not think it was appropriate for him to share confidential information in the way he did; it was outside the process for publication.
However, as I have said repeatedly, we want to get on and appoint a successor.
The chief inspector of borders and immigration has an important role and remit; the House and the Government see value in it.
We are looking at what can be done to bridge the gap in the absence of a full-time, permanent chief inspector.
We will no doubt say more once that work has been concluded.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Africa, I met David Neal a number of times.
He was incredibly impressive, robust, well-informed, all over the detail, and entirely independent.
It beggars belief that the Government ignored his reports for so long—publication is essential for scrutiny—sacked him over Teams, and dumped all the reports out at once.
Does the Minister believe that the Home Office is so perfect, and that everything is going so well, that it should be above scrutiny?
Or is it more the case that everything is going so badly, including on Rwanda, the asylum backlog and our border security, that there is no hope of improvement until we have a change of Government?
That is an interesting observation, but what sits behind it, I am afraid, is a lack of policy and a lack of an alternative, credible approach to borders and immigration.
Mr Neal said this in response to the reports being laid before Parliament last week: “I think it’s a real positive that these reports have been published.
I think it bodes well that the home secretary has gripped his officials in getting these reports published so quickly”.
I agree with him.
I promised that we would lay those reports before Parliament; we have got on and done it, and we will table the outstanding reports within the eight-week window, moving forward.
Last week’s figures showed 46,000 people still in asylum hotels.
David Neal’s report said: “There is no evidence of a Home Office strategy to end hotel use, as recommended by ICIBI in 2022.”
He is right, is he not?
I am afraid that what is right is that the hon.
Lady consistently votes against the strategy to end the use of hotels, as do her colleagues on the Opposition Front Bench and Back Benches.
The way to address the issue of hotels is: to diversify the accommodation offer; to ensure that local authority areas engage properly with dispersed accommodation—I encourage all Members of this House to take an interest in the performance of their local authority—and to bring into being larger sites, such as those that we have brought forward.
Crucially, we have to reduce the flow of people coming across the channel and arriving in our country illegally.
Every time Opposition Members have the chance to do something about the flow of people arriving, which undoubtedly leads to the pressures that she touches on, they refuse to do so.
That is where the scandal really lies.
Is the Government’s failure to tackle the asylum backlog, the Minister’s inability to grapple with the asylum hotel issue, or the staggering cost of the Rwanda deal, at £2 million per person taken out of this country, the reason why the Minister has broken the Home Office budget, and will come to Parliament cap in hand next week, asking for an extra £5.5 billion of funding for the Home Office?
I am afraid that the hon.
Member is yet another Opposition Member with no credible alternative to speak of—just lots of complaints about the work that the Government are doing.
We are making progress.
As I have said, last year, the number of people who arrived via the channel was down by a third compared to the year before.
The population accommodated in hotels is going down, and the number of hotels open is reducing.
Five billion pounds.
The Government are making progress.
We are living up to the commitments— Five billion pounds.
The hon.
Member can keep parroting figures and chuntering from the Back Benches, but I would rather he came forward with a credible alternative plan.
Perhaps then we could have a conversation.
The shambles that is the ongoing mismanagement of our borders and the Government mismanagement of the huge asylum backlog, which was just referred to, is now enhanced by the additional shambles of an unnecessary interregnum.
In answer to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) , the Minister seemed to imply that independent oversight would not be necessary in the next few weeks and months while there is an interregnum over the Rwanda deal.
If the Government are right—in the best-case scenario, from their perspective—1% of all asylum seekers will go to Rwanda.
Apparently, that is so important that independent oversight is not necessary during this period.
Will the Minister confirm that until a new inspector is formally and fully appointed and in post, there will be no further progress in deporting anybody to Rwanda?
It is rather ironic that the hon.
Gentleman argues for due process on the one hand, and says that we should dispense with it on the other.
The contract of the chief inspector of borders was terminated because of respects in which his actions were not in accordance   with the agreement around the post.
That was not an acceptable situation.
The Home Secretary lost confidence in him, and that was why steps were taken.