The Secretary of State is a strong supporter of green urban spaces, so will he urgently meet me to discuss the ancient Haven Green, which is currently under threat and on which he is due to make a decision soon?
Obviously, I cannot speak to the hon.
Lady about specific planning applications.
I do cherish urban green spaces, but I also cherish more homes being built in London.
It would be regrettable if she were to be a blocker, not a builder.
Since my election, I have urged Wolverhampton City Council to focus on city centre living, to bring footfall back to our city centre.
What more can the Government do on that?
I am delighted that the council is now changing its plans, but how can we get upper storeys converted as well, to really bring that footfall back?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant champion for Wolverhampton and for Wulfrunians everywhere.
In particular, she has been the single most effective voice in attracting investment to the heart of Wolverhampton.
She is right to say that, as well as commercial investment, we need new residential opportunities, and our extension of permitted development rights should provide just that.
Will the Minister for the Union tell me what discussions he has had with devolved Administrations, and with the Chancellor, on the very important matter of infected blood compensation?
Does he recognise the frustration and dismay from many campaigners at the delays?
They have waited almost a year since Sir Brian Langstaff reported on his compensation framework.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point.
Those who have suffered as a result of the infected blood scandal are, of course, in the forefront of our minds.
This is directly a Cabinet Office responsibility, but I know from my time there how seriously the Ministers charged with that responsibility take it.
I will talk to them and update the devolved Administrations on progress towards appropriate compensation.
The Government are to be commended for taking through the first leasehold reforms for 20 years, but as the Bill now goes to the Lords, will Ministers go further and agree: first, to empower the 3 million to 4 million people trapped on fleecehold estates; and, secondly, to fundamentally end this scammy, dodgy, corrupt model once and for all?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about making sure that we strike the right balance.
We have brought forward significant reforms in the Bill, but I am happy to continue to talk to him and other Members who are interested.
The Government continue to look at what more can be done.
Last week we saw, for a second year running, rough sleeping numbers up by more than a quarter—that is a lot of people to criminalise if the Criminal Justice Bill remains unamended.
More than 100,000 households, including 140,000 children, find themselves stuck in temporary accommodation, yet the mere mention of temporary accommodation sees Ministers pivot away from the subject entirely.
This should be a source of shame for this Government.
So where is the national plan to end all forms of homelessness?
I sincerely hope it is not in the same place as the Government’s plan for ending section 21 evictions.
This Government have a clear plan that we introduced last year: ending rough sleeping for good.
We announced £2 billion behind it and the figure is now £2.4 billion.
We are giving unprecedented amounts of money to this very important task.
Haden Hill leisure centre in my constituency is to be part rebuilt and part refurbished by a £20 million investment from the levelling-up fund.
Does the Minister agree that the Department needs to continue to be engaged with the local authority, which is appointing contractors, to make sure that this project gets delivered on time and on budget?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for his constituents.
I am happy to meet him to discuss the delays as soon as we can.
The project adjustment process is available to the council if it needs to use it.
In 2010, total wealth per head in the north of England was 16% lower than in the rest of England.
Last week, the Institute for Public Policy Research released a report that estimated that by 2030, this gap will have grown to 21%.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this Government’s policies have achieved levelling up?
I was delighted to be in West Yorkshire on Friday outlining the additional investment that we are making in that region.
The agreement that we have reached with the Mayor of West Yorkshire, Tracy Brabin, will see significant additional funds going in to help with housing, adult skills and transport, all of which will contribute to a revolution in devolution that has occurred under this Conservative Government.
Rural areas are particularly vulnerable to the high energy costs we have seen in the last two years.
They are 150% more vulnerable to fuel poverty.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that councils on the frontline of high rural costs are seeing a spate of homelessness?
Great councils, such as Breckland Council in my patch, are now spending 50% of their net budget on relief.
Would he support me in urging the Chancellor to increase that relief in the Budget on Wednesday?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are concentrating on ensuring we can level up the north and the midlands, but we also need to recognise that levelling up encompasses making sure that those in rural areas, who contribute so much to the life of our nation, are supported through the challenges that the cost of living crisis has generated.
Will the Minister advise me how many people took up the offer of the former help to buy ISA scheme?
Has another such scheme been considered to allow young people to get on the seemingly impossible first rung of the property ladder?
As a Government, we continue to bring forward as many interventions as we can to support young people to get on the housing ladder.
Some 800,000 first-time buyers have managed to do that since 2010.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to talk more about the points he has made.
Today, the Charity Commission issued new guidance for charities that refuse to accept donations.
That comes after the Royal National Lifeboat Institution turned down a donation from Dungarvan Foxhounds Supporters Club in the Republic of Ireland.
Declining a donation from a lawful source may not be consistent with the legal duty of trustees to “further their charity’s purpose”.
Will my right hon.
Friend support the right of communities throughout the British Isles to donate to charities of their choice?
My right hon.
and learned Friend, the former Attorney General, raises a very important point.
We want to do everything we can to encourage charitable giving.
I will look closely at the case he mentions, and raise it with the Cabinet Office and Orlando Fraser KC, the distinguished chair of the Charity Commission, who is doing such a good job.
There are businesses in York that have not been able to trade for over four months because of flooding.
The flood recovery framework precludes them from getting funds, whereas those in the Tory shires are able to access funds.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the fact that businesses in my constituency cannot get funding?
Let us find a way forward so that they do not miss out.
Yes.
Councillors will not be covered by the newly passed Neonatal Care (Leave and Pay) Act 2023 and are at risk of losing extra responsibility allowances if they have a child who spends time in neonatal care.
Will the local government Minister issue guidance to councils, asking them to ensure that all parents are protected if their councillors find themselves in those most difficult of circumstances?
My hon.
Friend has worked on this campaign.
We spoke about it last week
and I understand entirely the merits of the argument he makes.
So powerful is he as an advocate that I have already put work in hand to deliver what he is talking about.
On the community ownership fund, it is welcome that the match funding requirements for local organisations have been reduced to 20%.
In future rounds, could the criterion around match funding take account of prior investment  by the community, such as the very many small donations that people in the Axe valley area gave to build Seaton community hospital?
That is an interesting idea.
I am very fond of the Axe valley, so I will look at it.
1244 was the date of the first market charter awarded to Wellington in Shropshire, in my constituency.
In the last three years, £3 million from the towns fund, £10 million from the levelling-up fund and £800,000 from a fund I cannot remember have provided record investment from this Government into the 800-year-old market town of Wellington.
The Labour council has just taken over the market, so will the Secretary of State please ensure that the council do not mess it up?
We will do everything we can.
Wellington is very lucky to have such a brilliant advocate.
I hope my right hon.
Friend sits on the green Benches for many years to come, but when he is transferred to another place, he deserves to be the next Duke of Wellington.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Office if he will make a statement on the publication of 13 reports by the former independent chief inspector of borders and immigration on  29 February  and how the inspectorate will now operate in the absence of a chief inspector or deputy?
We recognise that independent scrutiny, such as that provided by the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration, plays an important role in ensuring that we have an effective immigration system.
In January, the Home Secretary made a promise to the former chief inspector to publish all overdue reports as soon as possible, which I repeated in the House last month in response to an earlier urgent question.
Last Thursday, we delivered on that promise by publishing all 13 reports that were outside the eight-week commitment to review and respond.
We take ICIBI reports seriously and we do not wait until publication to act on its findings.
Indeed, some of the reports’ recommendations have now been implemented and work is ongoing across the Department to implement others.
That includes action to strengthen border security and improve the system for processing asylum claims.
The final two reports from the former chief inspector will be published in the established eight-week period.
There is no requirement for a chief inspector to be in place for that to happen, but the process of appointing his replacement is under way, with the advert going live the day after the former chief inspector had his appointment terminated.
An appointment will be made following robust competition, in accordance with the governance code on public appointments.
In addition, we are looking at options to appoint an interim chief inspector.
We will, of course, update the House on the outcome of the appointment processes.
We will also continue working with the right hon.
Lady’s Home Affairs Committee in relation to these matters.
The security and effectiveness of the UK border is of paramount importance.
The Government recognise that, which is why we have taken wide-ranging action to tackle illegal migration and reform our asylum system.
Our efforts are paying off, but there is more to do.
We will never compromise on this.
We will always put the safety and interests of the British people first.
I agree with the Minister that the role of the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration provides indispensable scrutiny of vital Home Office functions.
On  Tuesday 20 February , the Home Secretary sacked David Neal.
Eight days later, the Home Office published 13 of the 15 reports that the chief inspector had submitted during his tenure, none of which had been published within the agreed eight-week deadline following receipt.
The reports raise multiple serious concerns about the Home Office’s handling of border security and immigration operations.
Will the Minister confirm what action is being taken to address the report findings that the protection  of borders at airports is “neither effective nor efficient”, with border posts being left unstaffed?
What steps will the Minister take to remedy the serious failures identified in attempts to discover illegal goods at airports?
Does the Minister accept the conclusion that attempting to clear the legacy backlog at all costs “has led to perverse outcomes for claimants and staff”, with quality assurance “sacrificed for increased productivity”?
With the new chief inspector not expected to be in post for six to nine months, and with no deputy to step up and exercise statutory responsibilities, will the Minister explain exactly how the inspectorate will operate during that period?
Is all inspection work now on hold, and what happens to the inspectorate’s 30-plus members of staff?
Last week, David Neal told the Select Committee of his concerns regarding Wethersfield asylum accommodation centre relating to suicide, violence and the lack of expertise to manage the situation.
Will the Minister now agree to the Committee’s request to visit Wethersfield?
The Committee last week published the 10 changes that David Neal thinks need to be made to improve the effectiveness of the inspectorate, including the power to publish its own reports, creating a deputy position, and providing access to commercial contracts entered into by the Home Office.
Does the Minister have any plans to implement any of those recommendations?
Finally, will he comment on the joint letter sent by seven national home affairs editors complaining about the decision to publish a slew of Home Office reports on the same day as the Sarah Everard report?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee not only for asking those various questions but for the opportunity to respond to today’s urgent question.
It is rather surprising that Ministers are being criticised for doing precisely what they said they would do.
I was pressed a couple of times on when the reports would be published.
I said that it would happen soon.
I subsequently said that it would happen very soon, and that commitment was fulfilled.
I give the right hon.
Lady this undertaking, because this issue is important and I care about it, as I know she does: the two outstanding reports will be responded to in full and in the proper way within the eight-week window.
I refer back to the commitment that my late friend James Brokenshire made to the House.
She will appreciate that I came back to the Department in December.
I would argue that we have made progress in publishing the reports.
I assure the House that the existing reports that have not yet been responded to will be dealt with within the eight-week window.
We will return to that approach in dealing with these matters, which is the right thing to do.
On the recommendations in the various reports, we have obviously responded to those reports.
A number of recommendations have been accepted, a number have been progressed, and a number have been completed.
The reports speak for themselves, and give an indication of the direction of travel that we intend to take.
We also want to engage with the next inspector regarding that performance, to ensure that they have an important role in overseeing the delivery of the commitments that we have made in response to the issues that were understandably raised in the reports.
General aviation falls within the reports that are still to be responded to.
As I say, that will happen within the eight-week window.
I undertake to fulfil that commitment.
On the asylum backlog, it is fair to say that there has been pressure from this House to get on and process asylum claims.
I would argue that the teams have done remarkable work in delivering on the commitment to get on and process the legacy backlog.
There has been much learning along the way, which we will take forward into future processing.
There will be increased sampling in the way that the inspector recommended, as well as improvements to IT.
Arrangements for the ICIBI functions in this period are under consideration.
The Minister for Countering Illegal Migration is the lead on that aspect of the Department’s work.
I know that Ministers will update the House accordingly.
I am happy to consider the request from the Home Affairs Committee to visit Wethersfield.
One of the most frustrating things about all of this is that if Mr Neal had not gone to the media in the way that he did and put that information into the public domain in a way that was in breach of the terms of the agreement that he had with the Department to take on this capacity, he would still be in post and would be able to engage in the dialogue this week.
To follow up on some specific questions from the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee that the Minister did not pick up on, is it not the case that David Neal was dismissed by Teams call by a civil servant?
Why was he not afforded the courtesy of seeing a Minister?
Is it not also the case that, despite the recruitment process having started last November, no suitable candidates came forward and the post had to be readvertised at a higher salary?
Thirdly, the Minister has not mentioned anything about how the inspectorate actually operates.
Is it not the case that the 30 civil servants are unable to carry on their work on the reports they are currently working on, unable to carry out any inspections, unable to pick up the schedule of reports that has been programmed, and unable to comment on any responses to the reports?
Finally, can the Minister assure me that there were no redactions and nothing was removed from the 13 reports published en masse last week, because there is no inspector or deputy inspector to challenge the contents of the reports that have been put into the public domain?
On my hon.
Friend’s final point, I will go away and check, and I will write to him.
This is clearly an important function.
The recruitment process was restarted the day after Mr Neal left the role.
We are keen to make progress in appointing a new independent chief inspector of borders and immigration, and I encourage people to put themselves forward.
It is an important role, and the Government value it.
The relationship with the ICIBI will be in the terms that I set out: it will get on and publish reports within the eight-week framework for the existing workload.
We will continue to work constructively with it when Mr Neal’s successor is appointed.
The second permanent secretary is engaging with the administrative team at the ICIBI, and we are looking at what can be done in the interim to bridge the gap between Mr Neal leaving and the new inspector taking post.