In many communities in Westmorland, the pub is the centre of the community and is often under threat.
In some cases, the local pub—such as The Ship Inn in Sandside—has closed down altogether.
The community ownership fund is clearly a very good way of allowing the community to bring such businesses back into public use, but does the fund allow communities to go through the process of compulsory purchase, so that a building can be taken from an owner who is unwilling to sell and made useful again for the local community?
I think the CPO process is probably a bit too lengthy for the fund itself, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the project directly.
We are very happy to help fund community pubs through the community ownership fund.
The Citizens theatre in Glasgow is a much-beloved institution and has been undergoing refurbishment for several years.
It has had a range of funding from Glasgow City Council, the Scottish Government and Historic Environment Scotland, but, due to inflation and various measures, it still requires additional funding to make up the balance   and complete its really significant refurbishment programme.
Is the community ownership fund something that the Citizens theatre might be able to avail itself of?
Once again, it sounds as though the theatre may be eligible.
I cannot comment on its eligibility today, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss whether the fund is appropriate for the Citizens theatre.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the financial sustainability of local authorities.
We have made available up to £64.7 billion for local authorities through the local government finance settlement for 2024-25—an above-inflation increase of up to £4.5 billion, or 7.5% in cash terms, on 2023-24.
Of course, that includes an additional £600 million of funding, which was announced by my hon.
Friend the Minister for Local Government on  24 January .
Aside from potholes, the issue that has caused the most angst for Derbyshire County Council is the significant rise in the cost of residential placements for looked-after children.
The council believes that the market for this is now completely out of control and that prices are excessive.
Is there more that the Government can do to help councils financially to pay these bills or to find a better way to structure that market so that the bills are not so high?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are spending £500 million additionally on adult and children’s social care, but he is right to say that the cost of residential homes for looked-after children is excessive, and a number of private equity firms are operating like bandits in this area.
I have talked to the Minister responsible, the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , and action will be forthcoming.