The Select Committee recently produced a report on local government finance in which we said that the Government must act now if local authorities are to survive this severe crisis.
What has the Secretary of State done?
He has asked every local authority to produce a productivity plan.
That sounds a bit like advising councils how to spend better the money they have not got.
He has asked local authorities to identify “ways to reduce wasteful spend”.
What does he think they have been doing for the last 13 years?
In particular, he has asked them to identify waste on “discredited staff equality, diversity and inclusion programmes”.
How much does he think that will save when it comes to avoiding section 114 notices?
The Chairman of the Select Committee is right to say that local government is facing challenges, but there are outstanding councils—North Lincolnshire and South Norfolk, for example—that are continuing to ensure that they can build up surpluses and deliver effective services.
That is because they put productivity first.
There are some local authorities, lamentably, that are not putting productivity first.
They include South Cambridgeshire, with its plans for a four-day week, and St Albans, which is still spending money on discredited forms of training that only increase division rather than bringing communities together.
It is no coincidence that both those local authorities are Liberal Democrat.
Whether his Department is taking steps to ensure that there is appropriate recourse for renters if property repairs and safety concerns are not adequately dealt with by landlords.
Where landlords fail to keep their properties in an acceptable condition, local authorities can issue improvement notices and impose penalties for non-compliance.
Social tenants can already access the housing ombudsman service, and the Renters (Reform) Bill will establish a new landlord ombudsman service so that private tenants can also seek free redress.
While these changes in legislation are welcome, it is clear that more must be done.
Too many rental and leasehold residents in my constituency face ongoing issues in ensuring that landlords and freeholders face up to their responsibilities.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that my residents in precarious situations with unresponsive landlords or leaseholders are able to access the correct course of remedial action in a timely and effective manner?
I will indeed work with my hon.
Friend to ensure that his residents, who he is such a brilliant champion for, can access redress.
We are committed to protecting tenants from the minority of landlords and agents who provide a poor service.
Where a property is managed by an agent, residents can seek redress through the property ombudsman or the property redress scheme, as well as the housing ombudsman for social tenants and the new ombudsman for private tenants.
The Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill will require freeholders who manage their property to join a redress scheme, too.
Too many children across the country are still being hospitalised because there is mould in their private rented homes.
Repairs and concerns especially about mould are the subject of Awaab’s law, which is being brought in, but private landlords are being let off the hook.
Will the Minister consider supporting my private Member’s Bill to extend Awaab’s law and ensure that private landlords fulfil their responsibilities to fix mould?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the time we have spent together discussing her private Member’s Bill.
Through the Renters (Reform) Bill we are introducing  a new decent homes standard for the private rented sector, which I believe covers the majority of her Bill, but I would be happy to continue those discussions with her further.
What steps he is taking to implement the Norfolk devolution deal.
My Department is supporting the implementation of the Norfolk devolution deal, which is progressing well.
Norfolk County Council, under its brilliant leader, intends to vote to change its governance in July, leading to the election of a directly elected leader in May 2025.
The Budget, in a couple of days’ time, could do two things for Norfolk.
First, it could announce the county deal to give Norfolk control of its future.
Even more importantly, it could provide the vehicle for my Sheringham roundabout, which the Secretary of State knows all about.
The roundabout will be wonderful for my North Norfolk constituency, so has he convinced the Chancellor to announce it yet?
I cannot reveal the nature of any discussions I have had with the Chancellor, but Sheringham roundabout is one of the single most important infrastructure investments in Norfolk.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for North Norfolk (Duncan Baker)  has convincingly made the case to me, and I hope we will be able to get motoring on it before too long.
What steps he is taking to increase the provision of social rented housing.
Our £11.5 billion affordable housing programme will deliver thousands of affordable homes for both rent and purchase right across the country.
The levelling-up White Paper committed to increasing the supply of social rented homes, and a large number of the new homes delivered through our affordable homes programme will be for social rent.
In Bolton, 20,000 people are on a housing waiting list.
There is an 18-month wait for a three-bedroom house and, on average, 800 to 900 people apply for each home that comes up.
Families are often referred to the private rented sector, which they are not able to afford—we know that rents are sky high.
After 14 years of this Tory Government failing to build affordable homes, will the Minister now apologise to my constituents who are stuck in temporary accommodation?
The hon.
Lady mentions the last 14 years.
Well, since 2010, we have delivered over 696,000 new affordable homes, including over 482,000 affordable homes for rent, of which 172,000 are for social rent.
We are committed to building more homes for people like her constituents.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On Friday, at the convention of the north, I was delighted to confirm enhanced devolution deals for the Liverpool city region, West Yorkshire and South Yorkshire and additional investment in Blackpool, Sheffield and Blackburn.
That includes £1.5 million for Tony’s Empress Ballroom, which—as you know, Mr Speaker—is an iconic northern soul dance hall.
I look forward to visiting it with you and the shadow Secretary of State soon.
On the dancefloor tonight!
A constituent recently came to my surgery with her seven-year-old son to show some appalling photographs of the private rented accommodation in which they live.
The little boy asked me whether he is going to die because of the thick mould in his bedroom.
Given the housing ombudsman’s recent remarks, particularly emphasising the link between housing conditions and health, what urgent action will the Secretary of State take to address the appalling situation in the private rented sector?
We will shortly say more about the decent homes standard and the extension of the ombudsman’s powers to deal with precisely the sort of situation that the hon.
Lady raises.
My local housing association, Flagship Newtide, has sold off three more homes in Aldeburgh at auction since the last Levelling Up, Housing and Communities questions.
However, it is failing to take action on the antisocial behaviour that is affecting several of my constituents in Saxmundham.
What powers can we apply to make sure that people who do the right thing and want to live peacefully in their home are not surrounded by people who deal drugs, breed illegal pets and make other people’s lives a misery?
Tackling antisocial behaviour is a priority for this Government, which is why we have published our antisocial behaviour action plan, backed with £160 million of new funding.
We have committed to a “three strikes and you’re out” ASB policy, and landlords will be expected to evict tenants whose behaviour is disruptive to neighbours.
My right hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that, from  1 April , the social housing regulator will require registered providers of social housing to work with the appropriate local authority, the Department, the police and other relevant organisations to tackle antisocial behaviour.