Public service workers and local leaders across the country are working incredibly hard to improve their local areas and provide vital services, so rather than the begging bowl culture that makes them bid for money, will the Minister take forward Labour’s commitment for a long-term, more secure funding settlement to allow them to plan for the future?
I am intrigued by what the right hon.
Lady proffers to the House.
Only a few weeks ago, in the debate on the local government finance settlement—none of her colleagues apart from  the hon.
Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell) ,  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts) , who chairs the Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Committee, and those on the Front Bench could be bothered to turn up and speak on it— the hon.
Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , who is sitting next to her on the Front Bench, said: “As I will come on to say shortly, we will have a review to look at the long-term plans.
We understand the problems that local government is facing.”—[Official
Report,  7 February 2024 ; Vol. 745, c. 326.]
May I say to the right hon.
Lady that part of the job of being in Opposition is to work out the policies that she may want to deliver in government?
What steps he is taking to tackle Islamophobia.
We have been clear that anti-Muslim hatred has absolutely no place in our communities.
I feel that strongly, as I represent one of the most diverse constituencies in the country.
We have provided over £6 million to the anti-Muslim hatred monitoring and support service Tell MAMA, and just shy of £13 million to schemes protecting  mosques and faith schools.
Funding for both measures had been uplifted in response to increased reporting since October.
An extreme right-wing Conservative MP was allowed to go on an extreme right-wing Conservative-funding TV station and make a series of vile Islamophobic remarks.
The MP was not suspended for Islamophobia; he was suspended for refusing to obey an order from his party leader.
Does the Minister understand why it is that, not only among Muslim communities but across a much wider range of believers and non-believers, people are becoming increasingly concerned that, in the eyes of this Government, Islamophobia is seen as somehow less abhorrent than other forms of racism?
The Government were absolutely clear that those were not appropriate comments.
That is completely clear.
Any form of religious hatred is not acceptable in our society.
The recent rise in anti-Muslim hate incidents and crimes is really worrying.
Will the Government do everything they can to improve education so as to improve multi-faith understanding and tackle this scourge?
My right hon.
Friend makes a good point.
Education is critical, and we need to bring our communities together.
Last weekend, I was delighted to attend an inter-faith event in my constituency that included Holland Park synagogue, where it was hosted, and al-Manaar mosque.
That inter-faith work and communities working together is critical.