I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his campaign.
Buses are the most popular form of public transport in our country.
They are an essential element of our national transport system, playing a vital part in levelling up.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for acknowledging the huge amount of levelling-up funding going into Clacton and am keen to work with him to see how we can help people in Jaywick as well.
My borough, Hackney, was successful in its bid for levelling-up funding, but there was a delay to the bid being put in, because the Government changed the timetable, and a delay to the final decision, again because the Government delayed the timetable, which has contributed—it is not the only factor—to a nine-month  delay in the programme and getting the funding.
Will the Minister look at that?
Given that it is a Government flagship programme, is he not a bit disappointed that the timescale problems are down to his own Department?
I absolutely commit to looking at that.
We have introduced the project adjustment request process, and I am more than happy to talk to the hon.
Lady and her local authority about how they can utilise that to meet the changes that she outlines.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the great strength of levelling-up funding is that it supports projects that are generated by local communities, rather than by officialdom?
When the Borders levelling-up partnership is considering projects, the projects in my constituency at the Crook Inn at Tweedsmuir and the George Hotel in Walkerburn are ideal for such funding opportunities.
I was grateful to meet my right hon.
Friend recently to discuss those exact priorities.
We are hoping to invest £20 million into the levelling-up partnership he mentions.
I am sure that those priorities will be part of our considerations as we design the partnership.
Communities in Northern Ireland experienced no benefit from the last round of levelling-up funding, because of the Government’s flimsy excuse that the Assembly was not sitting.
Now that the Assembly is sitting, can the Minister tell us what discussions he has had with the communities Minister to ensure that the millions of pounds that he said was set aside will be available for projects in Northern Ireland?
I can absolutely commit to having those discussions, and I offer to meet the right hon.
Gentleman following Question Time.
I am proud that Morley has received £24 million in funding from the Conservative Government.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend agrees that transparency and care with taxpayers’ money is vital.
Will he look into the concerns that a number of constituents have raised about Morley Town Council, including the controversial plan to install £80,000-worth of TV screens in a conservation area, whether it followed the correct tendering process and whether any vested interests among those involved were fully declared?
I will absolutely look into those concerns and ensure that my officials can meet my hon.
Friend to discuss them further.
The success or otherwise of levelling up will be tested by whether people in communities feel better off and whether inequalities in those communities are removed.
What assessment has the Minister made of an area such as Tameside, which has had three successful levelling-up bids, but feels poorer because its council is £200 million worse off?
Across the north-west, we are investing £2.2 billion through our different levelling-up fund streams.
We are working closely with the Mayor of Greater Manchester, giving him more powers and more funding to help deal with the exact issues the hon.
Gentleman mentions.