The Government talk about levelling up, but local councils and communities are on the brink due to policies made in Downing Street that affect every single local authority in the country.
Funding has been slashed, the fair funding review delayed, and the business rate reset postponed, while reserves are depleted, community assets have been sold, accounts go unsubmitted, and more and more councils are lining up for emergency support.
Is it not time to end the sticking-plaster politics and have a long-term plan for all our communities’ sake, or are the Government doing what the country is doing: waiting for a Labour Government?
I am sorry that the hon.
Gentleman failed to mention the long-term plan for Oldham, which is in his constituency and where we are investing £20 million over the next 10 years.
Since 2019, we have invested £15 billion of levelling-up funding across the country.
We are committed to levelling up right across the country.
If he will make a comparative assessment of trends in (a) the level of local government financial settlements and (b) the number of cars damaged as a result of potholes in the last 10 years.
We have made available up to £64.7 billion for local authorities through the 2024-25 local government finance settlement.
Local authorities can decide how to spend the majority of that funding.
The Government are also investing more than £5 billion into local highways maintenance in this Parliament.
In October, we announced a further £8 billion to fix our roads.
GoCompare’s recent pothole report described the potholes in Tory-run Derbyshire as the very worst in England.
The Conservative council leader was clear in his view that it is funding decisions from central Government that have forced the county to adopt what he called the totally ineffective “sticking plaster and patching approach”.
He said that the funding from the Government “doesn’t touch the sides of the issue for counties” across the country.
Why should Derbyshire motorists pay a Tory pothole tax, with tyres, springs and suspensions all constantly needing repairing as a result of the state of our roads?
For the hon.
Gentleman’s benefit, let me repeat those figures of £5 billion for local highways maintenance and the additional £8 billion announced in October.
That will fill holes, including in Derbyshire and his constituency, to support motorists, the economy and people going about their business.
It is normal in these circumstances to invite a Minister to visit a constituency.
The Minister is welcome to visit my constituency, The Wrekin in Shropshire, and the Telford and Wrekin borough, but if he visits the Telford and Wrekin borough bit, could he bring a spare tyre?
The potholes there are enormous.
I thank him for allowing £32 million to be released over the next 11 years to ensure that those potholes are filled.
Rather than a pothole tax, may I thank him for the pothole fund?
Finally—[Interruption.]
I will not give a “finally”, but he is very welcome to visit.
Bring a spare tyre!
As I struggle with my Lenten observations, I need no lessons about spare tyres—it is all about trying to get rid of spare tyres, as far as I am concerned.
I am grateful for my right hon.
Friend’s comments.
The Wrekin is a part of Shropshire that I know well.
Those sums can and should be used by upper-tier authorities, which are the highways authority, to ensure that their networks are working well, smoothly and safely.
That benefits all, and the Government are putting up the money to allow them to do that.