May I put on record my thanks to the Minister for all the work that he did for one of my constituents last week, and for ensuring that one of the Ukrainian babies got back to Northern Ireland?
We should bear in mind the gap that has been left in this vital component of our immigration response.
On the role of civil servants and the importance of ministerial oversight, most recently, the difficulty in Northern Ireland, where there was an absence of Ministers in situ, was that although senior civil servants could make decisions, they were loth to do so; and those who made decisions did not provide the usual accountability or explanation of decisions.
How will the Minister ensure that that does not remain the case until a replacement for the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration is in place?
The hon.
Member always goes about his business in the House diligently, and he speaks with great passion about Northern Ireland; I am delighted that we now have Ministers back in government there.
I look forward to engaging with counterparts in Northern Ireland on these issues.
I reassure him that that engagement will be the cornerstone of the work that we do.
There is a commitment to engage thoroughly and extensively.
As I said, we want to get on and appoint a replacement inspector; it is an important role for everybody in the United Kingdom.
The functions that the inspector oversees matter to everybody the length and breadth of this country, and we will make that appointment as soon as we can.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I extend my thanks to your office and to the Clerks for preparing for this point of order.
On  Friday 1 March , during the debate on the Conversion Practices (Prohibition) Bill,  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  spoke of the need for LGBT Members and staff to feel safe coming to work in this place.
In response, I asked her: “In fact, people in the LGB community are often referred to as “bigots”, “transphobes” and other slurs just because we have concerns about legislation such as this and want to make sure that young LGB people are protected —and trans people.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that that rule must apply to all sides of any debate, not just to the side that she favours?”The hon.
Member responded: “The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right, but there was one letter missing in his LGB: the letter T. We do not divide the LGBT community in this place.
Members can say that they have concerns about what we are doing, but by removing the T, the hon.
Gentleman is suggesting that transgender people do not exist.
He is suggesting that they are less than other LGB people, and I will not stand for that, because it was trans people who stood with gay people at Stonewall; it was trans people who fought alongside them for LGB rights.
I will happily discuss the intricacies of legislation with the hon.
Gentleman, but when he chooses to eradicate, that is wrong.”
Later in the debate she made the following comment about the UK’s only gay rights charity: “that includes the LGB Alliance, who have also removed the T”.
—[Official Report,  1 March 2024 ; Vol. 746, c. 556.]
That raises the following serious concerns.
Despite specifically mentioning the safety of trans people immediately prior to asking my question, the Member launched into what felt like a targeted attack on my character.
Furthermore, it felt like that was aggravated by my protected characteristics of same-sex attraction and gender critical beliefs.
In addition, the Member, a heterosexual woman, felt it appropriate to lecture me, a homosexual male, on the boundaries under which she believes I should be permitted to exercise my rights and protections.
Specifically, she demanded that this should centre the needs of the completely separate protected characteristic of gender reassignment—commonly known as force-teaming.
The Member then gave an inaccurate account of the Stonewall riots, which has been corrected repeatedly by eyewitness testimony.
As a direct consequence, various news outlets have wrongly accused me of “dropping the T” and have ignored the context of a straight woman lecturing a gay man about what rights he is permitted to use.
Given the sensitivity of these matters, that is deeply concerning.
I have had five years of abuse, including murderous threats, mainly from heterosexuals who claim to be allies—but they are allies of queer theory, not lesbians, gay men, bisexuals or transsexual people.
That outburst felt deliberate and targeted.
I consider these behaviours emblematic of the modern-day homophobia that has  been insinuated into our culture by organisations such as Stonewall and Mermaids.
In response to the clip on social media— Order.
I hope the Member will be coming to an end very quickly.
Mr Speaker, this is the text that was agreed with the Clerks.
In response to the video clip on social media, prominent transexual campaigner Dr Debbie Hayton said: “We trans people value the right to organise separately from the LGB as trans people.
My LGB friends need and deserve the same right to organise separately from us.
We can still organise together when it serves both groups.
Nobody is ‘lesser’”.
A statement issued by the Gay Men’s Network noted that the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton’s comments were “not characteristic of an otherwise civilised debate.
We urge her to reflect on these comments and consider apologising.”
I agree.
At the very least the Member should apologise—not just to me but to others who may feel threatened by her remarks.
Any further consideration will be contingent on that.