In England, school attendance is impacted by off-rolling—a practice that does not exist in Scotland.
Now, we hear in a report that schools are actively removing GCSE students, not for any behavioural issues but because they are struggling academically and the school wants to protect its place in the league tables.
What steps is the Minister taking to address what the Centre for Social Justice has called “a system which effectively rewards schools for exiting academically underperforming students”?
Let me be abundantly clear: off-rolling—removing a pupil from a school without using a permanent exclusion—is unacceptable and unlawful.
That is in the Ofsted framework, and it is strengthened in the revised framework that came out in 2019 to look at that.
That can be seen in Ofsted’s report.
It is also looked at by the Teacher Regulation Agency.
We must be abundantly clear that being involved in off-rolling is not consistent with the conduct we expect of a teacher.
In serious cases, it could result in action.
What recent estimate she has made of the number of school places available for pupils with special educational needs in Gloucestershire.
Places for pupils with special educational needs and disabilities have increased in Gloucestershire since 2015.
We estimate that there are 1,700 places, and the local authority opened two additional settings in 2022-23.
At the moment, 120 pupils have been assessed as needing special school places, but those places are not available.
Over the next couple of years it looks like at least 200 more special school places will be needed in Gloucestershire.
Can the Minister look at the situation urgently to see what he can do to help?
We are working closely with local authorities on this issue.
We have allocated more than £1.5 billion of high needs capital allocations in the last two years for local authorities to create additional places.
Gloucestershire County Council has announced a 200-place moderate and additional learning difficulties school for four to 16-year-olds, to be delivered through our free school presumption route in early 2026.
There are only three specialist schools provided by the state in Shropshire.
Two of them are— Order.
The supplementary question should relate to the question on the Order Paper.
Just as in Gloucestershire, we are short of specialist schools—two of our three are rated as inadequate and need improving.
The most vulnerable children are unable to go to school because need is not being met.
Will the Minister look at what can be done in Shropshire to provide places for the most seriously affected children?
In addition to working with Gloucestershire, we work with Shropshire on its capacity.
We have already announced 41 new special free schools with a further 38 in the pipeline.
Whether she has had recent discussions with her counterparts in the devolved Administrations on the potential merits of providing additional financial support for school pupils in the context of increases in the cost of living.
I agree that, given all that the UK has in common, it is vital that we talk about policy issues frequently, including on devolved matters.
The UK Education Ministers Council last met in June last year, when it was hosted by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State in Liverpool.
I understand it is for the Scottish Government to issue the invitation for the next one—we await their missive with anticipation.
Expanding free school meals has a direct impact on children’s health, promoting cognitive development and improving test scores and concentration.
The Scottish Government are rolling out universal free school meals for primary school children.
What additional  financial efforts will the Minister make to address educational inequality, such as supporting and following the example of the Scottish Government to improve outcomes for all pupils?
We await the Scottish Government’s full programme, but I will say that, in recognition of the benefits of free school meals and targeting them where they can have most effect, one in every three pupils in England are now eligible for free school meals, compared with one in six when Labour was in Government.