With just over two months to go until the start of the expanded offer for two-year-olds, the Government’s plans for early years education and childcare are in complete chaos, with nurseries and childminders across the country still waiting to have their funding rates for April confirmed.
How can the Minister expect providers to confirm places with parents when they do not even know what they will be paid?
Does he agree with the chief executive of the Early Years Alliance that this is yet another example from this Government of announce first and do the thinking afterwards?
I think the hon.
Lady knows that the reason providers do not have their rates at the moment is that local authorities have not informed them of their rates.
We published the rates in November and it is up to local authorities to tell their providers.
Where they do not have those rates, that is the reason.
It is yet another example of where the Labour party hopes that if it snipes enough from the sidelines, no one will notice that it has no plan whatever for childcare.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the availability of mental health support in secondary schools.
We are rolling out mental health support teams to schools and colleges, supporting young people to access early intervention for mental health.
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Schools said, as of March 2023 there were 398 teams covering 47% of secondary school pupils.
That will increase to around 600 teams by spring 2025.
When I was a young person, we had a counsellor in our school.
It helped many people, not for the long term but through short-term interventions that put people on the right track and meant that they did not need more expensive interventions down the line.
Unfortunately, those counsellors have gone in many schools.
Labour will reintroduce them.
Will the Minister commit to reintroducing a counsellor in every school to ensure that we spend now to save later?
Counsellors have a role, but we believe that a combination of rolling out mental health support teams and giving every state school and college in the country a grant to train a senior mental health lead is a better approach to take.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage the take-up of degree-level apprenticeships.
The Government have built one of the most powerful apprenticeship systems in the world, reaching nearly 700 different occupations, from level 2 through to master’s degree level 7.
It is great that there have been over 5.7 million starts since 2010.
There are now over 170 employer-designed degree-level apprenticeships available, including for occupations such as medical doctors, space engineers, midwives, social workers—pretty much whatever.
We are providing an additional £40 million in the next two financial years to support providers in expanding their offers to make sure more people can access them.
The Conservatives have transformed apprenticeships since 2010, with local education providers, employers and Bexley Council all helping to make Bexley one of the top boroughs in London for apprenticeships.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that apprenticeships have a key role to play in our economy and in social mobility, and that while Labour wants to focus on teaching divisive ideas such as white privilege in schools, the Conservatives want to support people from all backgrounds to get on in life?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
Bexley’s apprenticeship event on  5 February  will be a fantastic opportunity for local people to learn about the apprenticeships on offer in his constituency.
We have transformed our apprenticeship system.
People around the world look at us and say, “How on earth have you done that?”
I am very happy to work with anybody, but all that is at risk.
The Labour party would halve the number of apprenticeships, taking us back to square one.
Sadly, the Government did not intervene to save Cumbria’s agricultural college.
However, will they decide to invest in agricultural degree apprenticeships, working with the University of Cumbria and Cumbria’s further education colleges, to make sure we have a pipeline of new leaders who can feed us and care for our environment through farming?
When I was apprenticeships and skills Minister, we worked together to ensure we had the right college offer in the area that was sustainable.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Skills, Apprenticeships and Higher Education will be very happy to work on that.
We are looking to expand degree apprenticeships.
We have provision in place to work with providers to offer many opportunities, including in agriculture.