The Secretary of State says that keeping children in school is her top priority, but since 2016 persistent absence in Newcastle has more than doubled and severe absence is up 282%.
She says it is a global phenomenon, but what matters is what happens in schools in Newcastle.
Labour’s plan for schools is supported by Sir Kevan Collins.
Why will she not support it?
What is she going to do about this, because we need to see change now?
The hon.
Lady may have mixed up a couple of things there, but the plan to get children back into school is to have daily attendance data, which we introduced and sent out to every local authority.
Some local authorities do not perform as well—perhaps the hon.
Lady’s is one of those—but we send out daily data so that they can identify exactly where the schools are.
We are working with attendance hubs, which we are introducing across the country.
For individual one-to-one attention we have attendance mentors.
We have a national campaign and a cross-Government action alliance, all of which has meant that England has a 7.5% absence rate, compared with 11.5% in Wales, and it is much higher in most countries around the world.
We have a plan, and we are delivering on it.
I worked as a teacher and as head of year with overall responsibility for school attendance.
Labour Members seem to forget that there is also a role for parental responsibility in all of this.
In my time, I encountered a large cohort of parents who found that it was still cheaper to pay the fines they were given and save the money by going on holiday during term time.
Is it not time to ramp up the cost of fines for parents who choose needlessly to withdraw their children from their education, harming the child’s outcomes?
Every moment matters in school, and we have improved and increased our school standards.
The most important thing is that children are now  there.
Thanks to our data, we can now see patterns and those who are taking a week off outside term time, or those who perhaps have a pattern of behaviour of taking particular days off.
We can go into the data—we are about the only country in the world that can do that, so we are uniquely positioned to tackle the problem.
We can go down into the data and work at school level and local authority level, to ensure that we put into action everything we can to improve attendance.
Attendance matters, and we know that some schools and local authorities have higher attendance rates than others.
That is why the Education Committee, the Children’s Commissioners and others all say that their top priority is to ensure that all schools and local authorities follow best practice guidelines.
My private Member’s Bill, the School Attendance (Duties of Local Authorities and Proprietors of Schools) Bill, will make that mandatory.
I know that the Government support it, so will the Secretary of State take the opportunity to ensure that all colleagues across the House back the Bill, and no one objects to it on Second Reading this Friday, so that we can make best practice mandatory and get our kids back to school?