The Minister has talked about setting a timeline “in due course” for replacing Mr Staunton.
In the context of what has happened in the Horizon scandal and the big challenges facing the Post Office, strong leadership is vital at this point in the process.
I hope that he will be able to share as quickly as possible further information about the timeline and when the post will be filled.
What confidence can the Minister provide that this change will lead to the wholesale culture change that is desperately needed to make sure that this never happens again?
Mr Staunton was not in the Post Office during the Horizon scandal—he has only served in the position since 2022—and this scandal has never been about the actions of one single individual.
Finally, the priority for us all in this House is the fast-tracked exoneration of all remaining convictions and the delivery of rightful redress or compensation to all the affected sub-postmasters as quickly as possible.
Will the Minister provide an update on when we will see more progress on those matters to make sure that we take urgent steps to fix the seismic damage of this scandal?
It certainly was not something that we wanted to do on a weekend.
There was a chance that it would come into the public domain by other means, which is why a conversation had to take place over the weekend.
We did not think that it would be right for the individual to hear about the potential course of action by other means than the Secretary of State speaking to him.
I think that was the right thing to do.
I do not know why the hon.
Lady would feel, or whether she any evidence, that there was some kind of falling out, as she put it; this was about very serious governance issues related to the person who headed the board of the organisation, which are obviously confidential human resources issues.
On the timeline to replace Mr Staunton, as I said, we will do so as quickly as possible.
We are looking at recommendations as we speak, and we will report back to the House as soon as possible on an interim and a permanent replacement.
This was not about holding somebody responsible for past problems in the Post Office; it was about the governance of the Post Office going forward.
That is why a mutual agreement took place for Mr Staunton to step down.
We are working at pace to deliver the blanket overturning of convictions.
We are keen to update the House as quickly as possible, and should do so in the coming days.
As a member of the Business and Trade Committee, I was deeply concerned by the inability of Mr Read, the chief executive officer of Post Office Ltd, to answer an array of very simple questions.
In fact, he appeared not even to have done his basic homework when it came to looking back at the Horizon scandal.
Although he was not the CEO at the time of the scandal, what confidence do the Government have in Mr Read as chief executive officer to turn it around, and has he yet made public the board minutes that show when the matter was brought to the board’s attention for the very first time?
If any board member was complicit in hearing that information and not acting upon it, what steps will the Government take with lawyers to ensure that they are held accountable?