Next week is National Apprenticeship Week, and I look forward to celebrating apprenticeships across the country.
As the Secretary of State knows, small and medium-sized enterprises are crucial to delivering high-quality apprenticeships at every level throughout our economy, but the number of SME apprenticeships has plummeted by 49% since 2016, and research shows that the levy is failing to reverse the decline in employer training more widely.
The Secretary of State pretends that everything is fine, but is not the real answer to back our businesses, giving them greater flexibility to enable them to deliver the training that we need to get our economy growing again?
Absolutely.
Obviously, one reason for the reduction in some of the SME numbers is the fact that we made improvements to ensure that every single apprenticeship was of high quality.
I want to make sure that all young people who embark on an apprenticeship, as I did, put their trust in the system and get what they deserve.
We have removed the limit on caps on SMEs, and we are working on reducing the number of steps to make it easier for them to access the system.
We are also looking at what more we can do: we are focusing on a number of ways in which to ensure that apprenticeships work well for SMEs, which account for 70% of employment.[Official Report,  29 February 2024 , Vol. 746, c. 4MC.]
(Correction)
What steps she is taking to increase the funding allocated to the f40 local education authorities.
We are committed to funding all schools fairly and equitably, wherever they are.
The national funding formula replaces an unjust system whereby schools received different levels of funding for no reason.
It is welcome that funding for all schools has risen, but does the Minister accept that there is deprivation in market towns and villages where transport costs are higher, and that the difference between the sums for the highest funded local authorities and those for the lowest funded, such as Central Bedfordshire, is thousands of pounds per child?
What can he do to close the gap more quickly?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of deprivation factors and, indeed, transport costs.
We are increasing the amount under the formula that relates to deprivation, and there is also the sparsity factor.
Of course, all schools are benefiting from increases in funding, which will total £59.6 billion in 2024-25.
When it comes to the funding of schools, should not the Government just follow the money?
Amber Infrastructure, which owns Newman College in Chadderton, has paid out £80 million of shareholder dividends during the time for which it has owned that PFI school.
The heating system does not work, the roof is leaking—which is affecting 30 classrooms— and now two temporary classrooms must be built to accommodate the pupils.
Will the Government intervene and point out to the provider that if the money is there to be taken in dividends, it is there to fix a roof as well?
I would be happy to follow up the matter of the private finance initiative contract at that college, and perhaps have some discussions with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Skills, Apprenticeships and Higher Education.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As was mentioned by  the hon.
Member for Feltham and Heston (Seema Malhotra) , next week is National Apprenticeship Week.
When I did my apprenticeship I benefited from brilliant training and opportunities, thanks to General Motors, which got me where I am today, and I want to spread those opportunities to everyone, everywhere.
This Conservative Government have built a new high-quality apprenticeship system from the ground up.
Nearly 70% of occupations are now accessible via apprenticeships, and we have delivered 5.7 million apprenticeship starts since 2010.
A week from today, we will kick off National Apprenticeship Week.
I ask all Members to go on a visit to meet apprentices and talk about the opportunities that are available throughout the country—a real example of levelling up.
All my Ministers and I will be out, across the country, celebrating different industries and providers, and with hundreds of apprentices.
This is why Labour’s policy to halve the number of apprenticeships is so dangerous: it would remove opportunities from people like me, taking us back to square one.
I look forward to Fact Check’s assessment of the Secretary of State’s comments.
Given that 2,730 children in Hull are waiting more than 12 weeks for their first mental health appointment, is it pride or inattentiveness that prevents the Secretary of State from adopting Labour’s plan for a mental health professional in every school?
If I may “fact check” the hon.
Lady, I think that the plan is for a mental health professional in every secondary school.
The plan that we have is to introduce mental health support teams in every primary and secondary school.
As usual, our plans, on which we are delivering, are better thought through, cover more people, and solve the problem that they are intended to solve.
Very welcome remediation work on reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—is now under way at Kingsdown School in Leigh-on-Sea, meaning that parts of the school will be open from half term.
However, the school has still not had confirmation, given the extent of the RAAC, on whether there will be a rebuild of the school.
This uncertainty is affecting remediation, expansion and recruitment plans.
Please could we have that confirmation for the school as soon as possible?
I know that my hon.
Friend has campaigned tirelessly for Kingsdown School.
Our questionnaire programme is 100% complete, all schools have been told if it is suspected that they might have  RAAC and 100% of those have been surveyed.
I can confirm we will be removing RAAC from our schools for good, either through the school rebuilding programme or through grant funding, and we will inform schools shortly, once our assessments have concluded.
I know that my hon.
Friend has met Baroness Barran to discuss Kingsdown School and is meeting again this week.