To be clear, the UK Government will not even extend free school meals to children in households receiving universal credit.
Speaking in Parliament two weeks ago, the Children’s Commissioner for England urged the UK Government to expand free school meals, saying that children with an empty belly cannot learn.
When will this Government follow Scotland’s lead in addressing child poverty by rolling out free school meals to all primary school children?
We have extended eligibility for free school meals on three occasions, mainly with universal infant free school meals, the extension of further education students and, most recently, by extending the protections for people in transition on universal credit.
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that we think it is important to target free school meals, but that it is just as important for children in secondary school as in primary.
What steps she is taking to improve early years education.
This Government are rolling out the largest expansion of childcare in England’s history, doubling the amount we spend now.
This will enable more children to benefit from higher-quality early years education and childcare more of the time, building strong foundations for every child and enabling more parents to work.
Why has it taken 14 years for the Government to get around to having a plan?
They got rid of children’s centres and Sure Start centres, and they have not replaced them with anything until now.
Now we see chaos: people cannot get the code; they do not know what money they are getting from local government; the National Day Nurseries Association says it is a mess.
What is the Minister going to do to clear up this mess?
There was a lot in that question.
On the Sure Start point, we are rolling out family hubs, which will be a lot broader than the Sure Start centres were and will cover children with special educational needs up to the age of 25.
As for the codes issue, as the hon.
Gentleman will already know, we have worked with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to provide a solution to that issue for all parents so that no parent will miss out as a result.