The right hon.
Gentleman has some gall asking that question, bearing in mind that, during parliamentary consideration of the Trade Act 2021, he promised to negotiate a better agreement with the EU.
Now we find ourselves having worse terms of trade with Canada than we had when we were in the EU.
It is striking, too, that one issue that bedevilled those discussions on the EU-Canada deal is now supported by Conservative Members.
The Secretary of State specifically sought to avoid investor-state dispute settlement provisions in the bilateral deal with Canada that has now collapsed.
We raised those concerns at the time.
This Bill and our accession to CPTPP will not make up for the tens of millions of pounds of extra costs that manufacturers and the car industry will face when exporting to Canada due to the loss of EU cumulation rights and the higher tariffs that will result from April.
This Bill will also not be much help for dairy businesses that export to Canada.
Cheese exporters are now facing tariffs of 245%, because Ministers were too late to try to stop the loss of a vital quota for tariff rate reductions.
Ministers had to be woken up to this issue by questions from the Opposition.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This is a highly competitive training scheme.
Between 2017 and 2019 the Department filled all 160 of its funded training places per year, and since 2020 it has filled all 200 of the funded places each year.
We have now committed to training a further 400 educational psychologists.
That is one reason the high-needs budget is up by over 60% in the past four years, and will reach £10.5 billion in 2024-25.
We are also supporting local authorities with financial deficits through the safety valve and delivering better- value programmes.
In most constituencies, including in the hon.
Lady’s area, the funding has gone up by 25% to 35%.
We are implementing a gold thread of high-quality teacher training reforms to ensure that teachers have the skills they need.
The Department has been exploring opportunities to build expertise, through a review of the initial teacher training core content framework and the early career framework, to identify  how we can equip new teachers to be more confident in meeting the needs of children and young people with SEND.
There will be more investment in educational psychologists, of which there will be another 400, and more investment in early years SENCOs, of which there will be another 7,000.