It is true that a period of change is coming as the bulge in primary school numbers starts to move into secondary schools, and it is important to plan ahead for that.
We want to work with local authorities, and I know that the hon.
Member’s local authority, Lambeth, is being proactive in looking at amalgamations where necessary.
We also have pupil place planning advisers in each region working with local authorities and academy trusts, and school resource management advisers working directly with schools.
There will also be some repurposing of some space in schools—I am not speaking specifically about her constituency—with opportunities for more early years provision in some cases, and more special educational needs provision.
We will have to be agile and ensure that there is still sufficient space for parental choice.
As the Secretary of State knows—we share a local authority—when it comes to calculating demand for secondary school places, West Sussex gets a D-minus.
One of my districts is oversubscribed and last year more than 50 children—almost all from one school—were taken out of district to a school that none of them had applied for and some of them had not heard of.
Next year, it could be even worse.
Despite help from my noble Friend Baroness Barran and the regional schools commissioner, West Sussex has still done absolutely nothing to address the shortage of secondary school places.
Will the Minister intervene?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Vauxhall (Florence Eshalomi) , it is true that there is change as numbers move from primary into secondary,  and it is important to try to plan ahead.
On the specifics of West Sussex, I will be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
What steps her Department is taking to increase school attendance.
What steps her Department is taking to increase school attendance.
Attendance did decline through covid.
It is now improving, but there is a lot more to do.
We are expanding attendance hubs to support nearly 2,000 schools and we have launched the “moments matter” campaign to remind parents of the importance of every single day in school.
In Hartlepool, we have seen a rising number of parents and guardians opting for home-school education.
As of November, that number had increased to 186, more than tripling in four years.
In addition, we have a huge number of children who simply do not turn up at school.
Will my right hon.
Friend please share the steps that he is taking alongside Hartlepool Borough Council to ensure that those children are receiving a fair and decent education?
I will.
Local authorities have duties towards those children to ensure that all are receiving a suitable education and act if not.
The consultation we held on revised guidance to help fulfil that responsibility recently closed, and we will publish the response in due course.
We remain committed to legislation, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chelmsford (Vicky Ford)  said, to create statutory registers of children not in school in order to help local authorities identify those eligible children.
I know from speaking to schools in Wimbledon that access to mental health support can get pupils back into school or keep them in school.
What plans does the Department have to roll out more access to that mental health support so that we can see that trend increase?
Of course, there are multiple layers to mental health support.
The mental health support teams programme, which we are rolling out gradually across the country, continues to expand.
At the end of March 2023, 35% of pupils in school or further education were covered by that, including 47% at secondary.
When the figures for this year come out, I expect them to be higher.
Unlike the Opposition, we are putting mental health support not only into secondary schools but into primary schools, where it can make a big difference.
The reality for mental health support teams in schools is that funding is not guaranteed beyond 2025, and the coverage is patchy.
Earlier this month I heard about a teenager in a secondary school in my constituency who has not attended for four months because of mental ill health.
The school is convinced that if there were dedicated, qualified mental  health practitioners in secondary and primary schools, attendance would improve.
Will the Minister back my ten-minute rule Bill to commit to exactly that duty, to be paid for by trebling the tax on social media companies, which so often are at the root of those problems?
The hon.
Member identifies important problems.
There are important links between mental ill health prevalence and non-attendance.
We will see benefits from the offer to all state schools and colleges of a grant to train a senior mental health lead, as well as the wider mental health support teams that I mentioned.
Early intervention is key.
We need to look at what more can be done at primary school level because, although not entirely, often the signs are already there by the time children get to secondary school.
Could the Minister say more on that?
The transition from primary to secondary is also key, and we need to look at that.
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely correct.
It is important to consider the role of mental health in primary as well as secondary school.
We put mental health education on the curriculum through relationships, sex and health education, and we are investing in the mental health support teams that I mentioned, as well as the training grants.
Of course, some schools do the transition from primary to secondary very well.
It can be an unsettling time for children, but also an exciting one, and it is important that we maximise those benefits.
There is a lot of good practice out there.