Yes, I can give an assurance that we are going through all the details and assessing each instance on a case-by-case basis.
I know that all hon.
Members are keen to know what will happen, and they will have the answers very shortly.
The changes in the visa rules for international students and their dependants are having a significant impact, not only on the number of students coming to universities such as the University of York, a Russell Group university, but on these universities’ finances.
Universities will have  to make significant cuts if this visa programme reaches fruition.
Will the Minister meet vice-chancellors and the Home Office, together, to talk about the impact this is having?
We have regular conversations with vice-chancellors and the Home Office on this issue.
However, as I say, our target has been more than 600,000 students and we have well surpassed that, and 36% of university researchers come from outside the UK.
We have a proud record on international students and that will continue.
St Peter’s Church of England Primary School in Budleigh Salterton is an excellent school, but it is being let down by temporary classrooms that are way past their best.
Temporary classrooms should be just that: temporary, not a permanent solution.
Further to my letter, which is winding its way through the Department, will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this matter further?
I will.
Children’s services are struggling, and in too many parts of England, outcomes for children are just not good enough.
What conversations has the children’s Minister had with those in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities about both resources and capacity for children’s services?
What measures will he take where councils underperform, and thus let children down?
We have very regular conversations with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on that issue, as part of our “Stable homes, built on love” reforms to transform the children’s social care system, and we take strict action where local authorities are not meeting the requirements.
Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council is, bizarrely, taking parents to court to challenge their legal right to secure special educational support for their children.
With the council losing 90% of those cases and this costing £100,000 every three months, will the Secretary of State join me in asking the council to think again?
Will she agree to meet me to discuss special educational needs provision for Bournemouth?
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are concerned by any local authority spending too much money taking parents to court.
Children need to get the right support, in the right setting, at the right time, and I would be happy to have a discussion with him about that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on the removal of Henry Staunton as Post Office Ltd chair and wider governance issues within the organisation.
Following a conversation with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade over the weekend, Henry Staunton agreed to step down as chairman of the Post Office.
An interim chair will be appointed shortly, and a recruitment process for a new chair will be launched in due course, in accordance with the governance code for public appointments.
I will update the House when we have further details.
The current chairmanship was not proving effective, and we had a difficult decision: change course, or wait and hope that it improves.
Given the challenging context for the Post Office and the importance of the role of chair, the Business Secretary took decisive action.
I understand that Members would like more details around the decision, especially considering that the Post Office is rightly under heightened scrutiny at this time.
I can confirm that there were issues beyond the handling of the Horizon scandal, but as hon.
Members would expect, I am not able to comment on the specifics of individual human resources cases.
As the Business Secretary has said, Post Office governance is a priority for the Government.
The Post Office is a public corporation; as such, the Post Office board has responsibility for the strategic direction of the company.
While there was a clear need for new leadership of the board, we continue to have confidence in the other board members, who are experienced executives with a range of business expertise across the legal, financial, insurance, asset management and pensions sectors; there are two elected postmaster non-executive directors, too.
The Post Office faces unprecedented challenges.
It needs to work at pace to deliver compensation to the thousands of postmasters who fell victim to a faulty IT system, as well as to continue the essential work to implement the necessary operational and cultural changes needed in the business.
As such, strong and effective leadership of Post Office Ltd is a necessity.