Yes, I can confirm that there was no severance payment.
I do not think it is fair to say that we do not think the arm’s length model works.
Clearly, we have the right to terminate the chair’s position, which is what we have done.; that is part of the current governance process.
Of course, individuals are important, and having the right individual leading the board is very important.
We did not think that was the case prior to this weekend, which is why we took the action that we did.
We are very keen to appoint the right person to help make the cultural changes within the Post Office that we all want to see.
Diolch yn fawr, Llefarydd.
The effects of the Horizon scandal and Post Office business practices are still hurting our communities.
The post office in Nefyn closed partly because staff no longer trust the computer systems, which I bet is happening in countless communities.
I have asked the Post Office to provide an outreach van in Nefyn if no business at all is willing to provide that service—as appears very likely, because I have asked businesses; last week, the Post Office said no.
Will the Minister guarantee the people of Nefyn that this, the oldest and second largest town in Llyn, will again have post services in the town?
I am very happy to take that point up with the right hon.
Lady, and to meet her to discuss it.
It is very important that our citizens—our consumers—have confidence in the Post Office.
That has certainly been the experience in my patch: people have been outraged when there is a closure, so the general public definitely have some confidence in the service.
The Horizon system is being replaced.
As far as I know, there has never been a case of a customer losing out because of the Horizon system, but I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Lady to discuss her case in Nefyn.
Shepherd’s Bush Crown office closed in 2017, and Hammersmith Crown office closed in 2020 after 100 years.
Four sub-offices  in my constituency have been temporarily closed for up to 10 years.
With queues at the remaining offices stretching around the block at times, and a lack of competition thanks to multiple bank closures, will the Minister investigate why Post Office Ltd lacks commercial sense as well as integrity?
I am happy to look into any cases that the hon.
Gentleman refers to.
There are clear set criteria: the Post Office has to maintain 11,500 branches nationwide, and 99% of the population has to be within three miles of a post office.
The Post Office is maintaining its requirements under those criteria, but I am very happy to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about the issue.
Of course, we are looking at how to ensure that the network of individual post offices is sustained over the long term with new revenue streams, including through the access to cash legislation that the Government have put in place and things like parcel hubs.
We think there is a bright future for the Post Office, but I am very keen to work with the hon.
Gentleman to make sure of that in his particular cases.
I recently raised serious concerns with the Minister that the UK Government are not putting enough effort into making sure that post offices have a sustainable future—something that was of concern before the ITV drama shone a light on this issue.
It is a challenge, and I do not feel that I really got an answer, so I am coming back to the topic again: we really need to know that we have a clear, proper plan for ensuring that there is no further deterioration of the network and to help build it back up.
People in places like Neilston in my constituency, whose post office closed two weeks ago, or Clarkston, whose post office closed on Saturday, need those services.
Those closures are billed as temporary, but they are only temporary if someone has the confidence to take up the opportunity to be a postmaster—who would feel that way now?
What is the Minister’s plan to address the issue and make sure we have post office services for all our communities?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
We need sustainable post offices, and that is about revenue.
There have been changes in consumer habits and business levels, which have caused difficulties for postmasters.
As I said, the Government have legislated for access for cash, which is a new opportunity for post offices.
The banking framework delivers more revenue into those post office branches; we are keen to see that enhanced and for the Post Office to be more ambitious about that relationship, with that money flowing straight into the profit and loss accounts of individual postmasters’ branches.
There are many other opportunities, including parcel hubs and foreign exchange.
I am happy to discuss the matter offline, if that would be helpful.
The reputational damage to the brand of the Post Office as a direct consequence of the Horizon scandal has been massive—as the Minister knows, my constituent Della Robinson was one of the 555 litigants who had their convictions quashed a couple of years ago.
Looking to the future, what is the Minister’s vision for reinvigorating the Post Office as a great British brand?