On our commitment to overturn convictions on a blanket basis, I appreciate the right hon.
Gentleman’s previous constructive collaboration and engagement with our Department, and I hope that continues.
I am keen to engage with him on our approach.
These are legal matters that need to be considered carefully and we had a number of meetings last week on this very issue, so I am keen to engage with him, but in a way that does not slow down the process of bringing the legislation forward.
He will find us contacting him and knocking at his door in the coming days to talk about how we will go forward with that legislation.
I should point out that Mr Bates’s compensation is not related to the overturning of convictions, because he was never convicted.
That is not what is getting in the way of Mr Bates’s compensation, although it is getting in the way for something like 900 other people, and we are keen to resolve that as quickly as possible.
Will my hon.
Friend take this opportunity to look at the Post Office’s reported practice, under the former chairman, of making payments of just £5,000 under the Horizon shortfall scheme for distress and inconvenience to people it falsely accused of theft, when a similar claim made at an employment tribunal, in the most exceptional cases, is 10 times that amount?
To be clear, those schemes are run independently of the Post Office.
There are independent processes all the way through, and an independent panel assesses the loss.
I think my hon.
Friend is talking about the Horizon shortfall scheme, but it is clear that any tariffs that might go with payments are not a ceiling—they tend to be a floor.
People should of course be fully compensated for both their financial and their non-pecuniary loss; that is a principle we have adhered to all the way through the process.
We are looking at the recommendations of the advisory board on how to make sure people who have been through those schemes have received fair payments.
In the group litigation order scheme, there will effectively be a minimum £75,000 fixed-sum award.
We are keen to ensure not only that we get the money out of the door, but that that compensation is fair and seen to be fair.
The Post Office bullied, threatened and lied to sub-postmasters and, as we have heard, there is huge frustration that throughout the entire compensation process it has tried to minimise  payments, or used extra-long and complex forms to avoid making payments to them.
Is the Minister confident that the compensation programme is truly independent and that sub-postmasters will get the full and fair payments they deserve?
I do not accept that premise.
I do not see any evidence of the compensation schemes trying to minimise payments.
The independent panel for the Horizon shortfall scheme included Lord Garnier, for example, and seven or eight KCs—very reputable people seeking to do the right thing—so we must be careful in our rhetoric.
Of course we want to ensure that people get their full and fair compensation.
That is why we implemented the Horizon compensation advisory board, which includes Lord Arbuthnot,  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones) , Chris Hodges and Professor Moorhead.
They are decent people who want to ensure that people get treated fairly, and full and fair compensation is what people will get.
Clearly, in the wake of the Horizon scandal, there is a need for massive change in the culture driving Post Office management, particularly in its relationship with sub-postmasters, who are, after all, running private businesses under contract with—not owned by—the Post Office.
Will the Minister ensure that whoever is appointed chairman commits themselves thoroughly to that culture change, and, if necessary, will he change other board members to ensure that we get the change that we all want to see?
That is a good point.
In the past, the relationship between Post Office Ltd and sub-postmasters has not been where it should have been.
It is important that that changes.
There has been much work on this: 100 area managers have been appointed to help build that relationship, and some of the past conduct and culture of the Post Office has changed.
However, we know that it needs to change further.
That is the job of the board; we need the right leader of the board in order to do that—hence the action that we took over the weekend.
Poor leadership and governance of the Post Office led to the badly designed Horizon shortfall scheme, which other Members have referred to.
I have to say to the Minister that there has been massive under-compensation of sub-postmasters, including my constituent Mr Pennington.
For 10 years, he was forced to find shortfall amounts totalling a possible £100,000 because of the Horizon system.
He and his wife had to use their own savings, sell shares and even jewellery, and remortgage their house twice.
The stress and worry of finding those shortfalls over 10 years was immense, and Mr Pennington had a mini-stroke shortly after selling the business in 2012 because he could not stand paying the shortfalls any more.
Yet the Horizon shortfall scheme has paid out a paltry £1,500 for those 10 years of stress and worry, and has compensated only half the shortfalls.
Even the tax top-up promised in November has not yet materialised.
I have written to the Minister about that case, but what action can he promise now to ensure that my constituent is finally compensated for those years of distress to him and his wife?
I am very happy to work with the hon.
Lady on that particular case.
We are clear that people should get full and fair compensation for financial loss and other impacts, including reputational loss—[Interruption.]
I am setting out the position as it is.
Of course, we are all concerned to hear about people who do not feel that they have been properly compensated.
That is why we have the Horizon compensation advisory board, on which Lord Arbuthnot sits and to which I have referred a number of times.
We are keen to ensure that all those people get, and can see that they have got, fair compensation.
We are looking at the recommendations for an appeal mechanism, for example.
I am very happy to look at this particular case in that context.
It is absolutely the case that people should be fully compensated for financial loss and other impacts on their lives.