Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on proposals to extend the listed places of worship grant scheme after 2026.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on the extension of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
I recently met my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to discuss the importance of the scheme’s future and the impact that any changes will have.
As well as facing uncertainty about the future of the grant, churches in my constituency are finding it hard to cope with the rise in revenue costs, which include the cost of church insurance.
Can my hon.
Friend tell us what is being done to support the financial position of English parish churches more generally?
There is no question but that churches are facing many challenges in this space.
The in-year increases in the running costs for parishes, such as the national insurance increases, increases in energy costs and, obviously, the changes to the listed places of worship grant scheme, have presented challenges, but I can tell my hon.
Friend that the Church Commissioners distributed £1.2 billion to support parishes between 2023 and 2025.
The Government’s decision to extend the listed places of worship grant scheme for only 12 months, with a reduced budget and a new cap, has caused significant unease in my constituency and across the wider diocese.
The rector of Farnham has expressed his concern over a nearby project that faces a massive £750,000 shortfall thanks to Labour’s amendments.
Will the hon.
Lady join me in urging the Government to continue, at the very least, the previous support for projects that have already received planning permission, if not reinstate the scheme as a whole?
As I have outlined, I raised my concerns when I met the Secretary of State to discuss the impact on the many churches that will be affected, particularly those that already have projects and works ongoing.
I am very happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman on the potential funding opportunities that may be available to churches in Farnham.
The Belfry in York has been left literally in ruins as a result of now having a £1.5 million shortfall.
Contracts have been signed and the project needs support.
Will my hon.
Friend arrange a meeting for churches that are midway through their project, with her and the Secretary of State, so that we can clear up this mess?