The Secretary of State will know that we also produce a fifth of the world’s gin in Warrington.
The UK video games industry is a huge success story, supporting 73,000 jobs, including in Warrington at companies like 10:10, Mindware, Freesphere Entertainment and Second Impact Games, and contributing more to UK GVA than the film and music industries combined.
To strengthen UK gaming’s global competitiveness, particularly in the context of the announcements from the US last night, what consideration has the Secretary of State given to enhancing the video games expenditure credit?
The video games expenditure credit has been incredibly important for us, and we were pleased to announce £5.5 million for the UK games fund next year.
As somebody who has probably put in more hours on “Animal Crossing” than any other Member of the House, I am aware of the joy that video games bring to many people in this country.
The Prime Minister is working to support industries that have been affected by recent announcements from the United States, but we are ensuring the video games are at the heart of that, including by putting them at the heart of a new creative industries sector plan, which will be published in the coming months.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Labour Government are wasting no time in delivering for communities across the country.
Since we last met, I have been delighted to announce £100 million for grassroots sports facilities and to launch the 2027 Tour de France in Edinburgh with the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) .
The Football Governance Bill has completed all its stages in the other place.
Tomorrow, our consultation on ticket touts closes, and our message is clear: time is up.
We promised the biggest-ever conversation with young people, and I am delighted to tell the House that we have already surpassed 11,000 responses to our national youth strategy consultation.
I know the whole House will want to join me and my hon.
Friends next month in marking the 80th anniversary of VE Day to honour all those who fought so hard for the freedoms that we enjoy.
Access to arts and culture can help to break down barriers to opportunity in areas such as mine in Hyndburn and Haslingden.
Sadly, our much-loved Oswaldtwistle civic theatre closed in 2023 and had to be placed on the theatres at risk register.
I welcome the recent grants awarded by the Theatres Trust and Hyndburn borough council, but will the Minister meet me to see how the Government could help to secure the future of this much-loved and important community asset?
I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I know that a lot of work has gone in to try  to get that back up, to get actors back on the stage and to get audiences back in.
I hope that we can arrange a meeting as soon as possible.