Does the Secretary of State agree that there is a world of difference between betting on sport, which employs many thousands and brings joy to millions, and gaming, which is all about pure chance and requires no skill or knowledge at all?
Will she commit to treating the two very differently in regulation and increasing the difference between them in the tax system?
I am not sure that I would share that blunt characterisation, but I very much recognise that we need to treat different forms of gambling differently.
In particular, Members have raised concerns about the impact of reforms on land-based gambling.
We are working hard to bring forward a package of measures this summer to support land-based gambling in our coastal towns and in places around the country where it brings enormous joy to people, and that includes bingo, which we all want to see protected and thriving.
If she will have discussions with Ofcom on extending the list of events designated as free to air.
We believe the current list of events works well and strikes an appropriate balance between access and allowing sports to maximise broadcasting revenue.
The Government have no plans to review the list at this time.
The BBC has secured an exclusive contract to broadcast live all of Scotland’s men’s international football matches in the run-up to the 2026 world cup.
It is part of a wider deal agreed with the European governing body UEFA, which also includes matches for Northern Ireland and Wales.
On Friday night, the BBC will provide extensive live coverage on several platforms of Scotland’s women’s team playing Germany in the nations league at Tannadice stadium in Dundee.
I am sure the Minister will join me in wishing them well, but will she also consider taking steps to safeguard these events for free-to-air broadcasters, so that our nations can enjoy them without paying expensive subscriptions?
I join the hon.
Member in wishing the team well.
As I outlined in my first answer, the whole point of the regime is to strike a balance.
We want sport to be accessible while recognising the importance that broadcasting revenue plays.
What steps she is taking to support musicians.
I want every child to have a chance to learn how to play a musical instrument or take part in music, and I want every musician to be able to make a living out of their career.
I am working on better support for small venues across the UK and better remuneration for legacy artists, songwriters and session musicians.
Sunderland is a music city, and key to that are our great grassroots venues such as the Bunker, Independent and Pop Recs.
But venues like those across the country operate on a financially precarious basis.
Will the Minister update the House on how he will monitor the implementation of the voluntary levy on arena and stadium gigs, so that it can rapidly provide financial support to venues like those in my constituency?
The Bunker looks absolutely amazing.
It is a not-for-profit organisation—apart from anything else—that gives young people and others an opportunity to learn how to play, perform and record.
That is precisely the kind of venue we want to be able to support, which is why I am determined to get this voluntary levy over the line as soon as possible, so we can put millions of pounds into small venues.
The last time I was in Sunderland was for P!nk at the Stadium of Light.
Perhaps a helpful line from her is: “What about all the plans that ended in disaster?”
I am determined that that is not going to be one of them.
For the first time since 2003, no UK artist has made it into the world top 10 album or singles charts.
That is partly down to effectively closing the EU to touring artists,  where followings now cannot get built and remuneration is not made for artists.
The Minister promised to fix this.
When will we get our artists back into Europe?
The hon.
Member makes a good point—obviously, we need more songs from Runrig to get us back to the top of the charts.
To make a serious point, it is absolutely essential for new and emerging artists in particular that they have the opportunity to tour across the whole of Europe.
I am determined to get this over the line.
It is one of the things that we need to renegotiate with the European Union.
We have a key meeting coming up in the next few weeks, and I hope we will be able to make some progress.