The Secretary of State and  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  are both right to praise the important work that rugby league and indeed rugby union clubs do in their communities.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to better balance that with the Public Accounts Committee’s cross-party criticism of how her Department is managing its covid loan book?
This Labour Government will always protect value for taxpayers’ money, and we are determined to grip the issues that we inherited.
We have already recovered 97% of the repayments scheduled to the Department and we will respond shortly to the serious issues raised about the handling of covid loans in the Public Accounts Committee’s report.
I will then be in a position to update the House.
I am going to call the shadow Minister, but I am not sure whether he should declare an interest as a former apprentice of London Broncos.
Thank you, Mr Speaker; I am happy to declare it.
We lost a lot of games back then.
The return of the ashes is welcome news for rugby league, but while the next generation will be inspired by the series, the Labour Government have dropped the ball.
Encouraging grassroots participation is key to the future of all sports and community clubs across the country, but Labour has cut the £57 million opening school facilities fund, £21 million of investment in multi-sports grassroots facilities, and ended the £25 million Lionesses futures fund that invested in facilities to support women and girls’ sport.
Arguably, the biggest owngoal for grassroots sport is the removal of planning protections for sports pitches across England.
Why is it only the Conservatives who will protect grassroots clubs and the sports pitches that Labour wants to concrete over?
The Conservatives cannot have it both ways.
On the one hand, they want to see economic growth but, on the other hand, they are not prepared to take the necessary steps in order to achieve it.
The truth is that the Government take grassroots sport incredibly seriously.
I am really proud that Sport England is able to provide financial support to clubs across the country through the £160 million movement fund with support of up to £15,000 for grassroots sport organisations.
I have to say to the shadow Minister that it takes some brass neck to stand at the Dispatch Box and lecture this Government in the light of the mess that his Government left to us.
What discussions she has had with representatives of the creative industries on the use of AI.
Our creative industries lead the world.
This is the top priority for them, and I am clear that if it matters to them, it matters to us, and we are determined to get it right.
Since I was appointed, I have discussed this with representatives across music, publishing, film, TV, fashion and gaming.
The Secretary of State for  Science, Innovation and Technology and I will shortly convene further roundtables to work with industry across artificial intelligence and the creative industries to strike the right balance and to grip this issue.