I am very happy to congratulate the congregations of St Michael and Christ Church on achieving their silver eco church awards.
In my hon.
Friend’s constituency, there are many parishes that I am   sure could learn from the great work those churches are doing.
I also thank her for her commitment to her local faith organisations.
Will the Leader of the House give us the future business?
I shall, Mr Speaker.
Monday 7 April —General debate on road maintenance, followed by a general debate on neighbourhood policing and tackling town centre crime.
Tuesday 8 April —General debate on the potential merits of awarding a posthumous Victoria Cross to Blair Mayne, followed by a general debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming Adjournment.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Easter recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 8 April  and return on  Tuesday 22 April .
The provisional business for the week commencing  21 April  includes: Tuesday 22 April —Second Reading of the Sentencing Guidelines (Pre-sentence Reports) Bill.
Wednesday 23 April —Opposition day (6th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the Liberal Democrats—subject to be announced.
Thursday 24 April —Remaining stages of the Bank Resolution (Recapitalisation) Bill
[Lords].
Friday 25 April —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  28 April  will include: Monday 28 April —Second Reading of the Football Governance Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 29 April —Remaining stages of the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill.
Wednesday 30 April —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Sentencing Guidelines (Pre-sentence Reports) Bill.
Thursday 1
May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 2 May —The House will not be sitting.
It is some weeks away yet, but this is the last moment I will have to wish you, Mr Speaker, and all Members of this House and staff a very happy Easter; I hope I may do so.
Easter is a joyous occasion, full of families and possibly inappropriate amounts of chocolate.
I will be making the shadow Leader of the House’s legendary hot cross buns—not very much of the mix actually makes it into the oven, but that is part of the joy.
It is lucky, however, that we have several weeks to look forward to Easter, because this week has not been one of joy.
We will be debating tariffs later, and we have also had the impact of the national insurance rises, which have pushed up costs, raising inflation, making it harder than ever to hire a new employee and blocking routes into work for young people.
My question, however, is this: what on earth is happening in Birmingham?
As the House will recall, Birmingham city council is now in the fifth week of a strike with the  union Unite over bin collections.
Apparently this matter concerns just a few dozen out of some 9,500 city council employees.
As the House has heard, 17,000 tonnes of rubbish has piled up so far, growing by a reported 900 tonnes a week.
Let us not forget that Birmingham’s bin collections were reportedly three and a half times worse than the worst of other councils even before this strike.
The public health implications are now so dire that the council has declared a major incident.
The strike comes on top of two other recent fiascos.
First, the athletes’ village in Perry Barr was built by the city council to host competitors during the Commonwealth games in 2022 but was never used, and has been sold at a reported loss to taxpayers of about £320 million.
Secondly, Birmingham city council tried to install a shiny new Oracle IT system, resulting in a disaster whose costs are set to reach £216-odd million by 2026, according to a report by academics at Sheffield University.
As a city, Birmingham is technically bankrupt.
It has been controlled by Labour for well over a decade, but my point is not about the council—it is about the Government.
The Minister for Local Government let the cat out of the bag in his statement on this topic on Monday, when he said: “Birmingham’s waste service has been in urgent need of modernisation and transformation for many years… Practices in the waste service have been the source of one of the largest equal pay crises in modern…history, resulting in costs of over £1 billion to the residents of Birmingham.
This situation simply cannot continue.”—[Official
Report,  31 March 2025 ; Vol. 765, c. 45.]