The Minister will know the springboard that hosting international events is for the economy, grassroots participation and sporting facilities in the UK.
Under the last Government, we secured and hosted a number of major events, with a pipeline of events.
What steps are this Government taking to ensure we have that pipeline of major events in the future?
The hon.
Member is right to pay tribute to the economic contribution and the huge inspiration of these events.
We have a number of exciting events coming up, whether that be rugby or cricket, and the Government are hugely supportive of major events.
What steps she is taking to promote coastal Britain to overseas visitors.
Britain, as everybody will have noted, is an island nation, so our coastline is a vital part of what defines us as a visitor destination.
I am really glad that the “Starring GREAT Britain” campaign, which we launched earlier this year, features many coastal areas, but we need to ensure that people get an opportunity to see our amazing beaches, eat our amazing food and enjoy the perfectly sensible summer weather that we have.
The tourism industry in East Suffolk is worth an estimated £693 million and accounts for over 15% of jobs locally, but we have suffered post pandemic.
Estimates suggest that we are down 2 million on pre-pandemic numbers, which I imagine is just the tip of the iceberg.
Can the Minister share with me what he is doing to support coastal tourism in places such as Southwold, Aldeburgh and Felixstowe?
I am very keen to integrate the creative industries far better into our visitor economy.
My hon.
Friend will know in her own patch that it is not just the Aldeburgh festival, which has been going since 1948; she has Maggi Hambling living down the road in Saxmundham, and there is a lively artistic community.
We need to build that far more into our coastal offer around the country.
I want us to get to 50 million international visitors to the UK by 2030.
We will only be able to do that if more of them do not just visit London.
In a debate in Westminster Hall two weeks ago, the Minister was quick to respond on the need to ensure that the tourism  industry across the whole of this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland can take advantage.
He will know the advantages of tourism in Strangford; he will know Strangford lough, the Ards peninsula and the Irish sea.
The shadow Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) , knows it very well—he did not do wild swimming on the day he was over, but he wished he could have.
There are many things to attract tourism wherever we are.
Will the Minister ensure that discussions to improve coastal tourism for the United Kingdom include Northern Ireland?
We can do it better together.
It is a bit shameful to accuse the poor shadow Minister of wimping out on cold water swimming —I am sure he would have done it if it had been available.
I am very keen that we have a national tourism strategy for the whole country by the end of this year, and I am working with the Visitor Economy Advisory Council to deliver that.
That has to address the problems that many of our coastal areas have faced, including in Northern Ireland.
Again, I make the point that the creative industries in Northern Ireland are vital to the tourism economy.