On the business that the Leader of the House announced, I have to say it is disappointing that we do not have Backbench  Business on  24 April .
My reading of the business that day is that the Bill is uncontroversial and we are likely to finish early, but we will be denied the opportunity to have a debate on St George’s day, which is of course on  23 April , or a debate on Parkinson’s Awareness Month, which is April.
We are contemplating organising three 90-minute debates on  1 May , which is local election day.
Colleagues may wish to be campaigning elsewhere, but that would at least allow debates on some of the motions that we have in the queue.
It would help if the Leader of the House could confirm when estimates day will be in May.
By my reckoning, there are only around four possible dates, and our Committee has to advertise the opportunity for people to apply for an estimates day debate, and then choose the debates.
On  Tuesday 8 May , there will be a Westminster Hall debate on the persecution of Christians.
When we return on  22 April , there will be a debate on residential estate management companies; I remind colleagues that we will sit Monday hours on that day, so the debate will start at 11.30 am, rather than at 9.30 am.
On  Thursday 24 April , there will be a debate on Lesbian Visibility Week, followed by a debate on the trading relationship with the European Union, which will be quite topical, given the tariff arrangements that have just been announced.
On  Tuesday 29 April , there will be a debate on compensation for criminal injuries.
Most of our allies, including the United States, have indicated their objection to the reappointment of Francesca Albanese as the UN special rapporteur on the occupied territories.
This is a woman who has attempted to justify the atrocities on  7 October 2023 , and repeatedly excused the atrocities committed by terrorists, yet she is apparently going to be reappointed by the UN.
Our allies have called this out, but there has been total silence from the Foreign Secretary and nothing from any of our Ministers, so may we have a statement on how the Government will instruct our representatives at the UN to vote?
Indeed, will they register their strong objections to her reappointment?