May I congratulate Newcastle United on its amazing win in the Carabao cup final?
I share the Secretary of State’s remarks about the 80th anniversary of VE Day, and we all hope that the ceremonies around the country will be enjoyed by everybody.
In just three days, national insurance bills will fall on the doormats of charities across the country, and they will have to find another £1.4 billion to pay for Labour’s jobs tax.
While it is right that the Government have provided compensation to the police, local authorities and so on, why have charities, which provide support to those who are the most vulnerable, been left out?
We are providing support to charities.
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that we have more than doubled the employment allowance to protect the smallest charities and businesses.
More than half of those with national insurance contribution liabilities will either be better off or see no change next year.
He will also know that there is a reason why we have had to make difficult choices.
His party had 14 years in power; it crashed the economy and left charities in an appalling position, with not just the economic mess we find ourselves in, but far more people to support.
That is why we are launching the civil society covenant to reset our relationship with charities and put them at the heart of national life where they belong.
We supported charities through the pandemic with millions and millions of pounds and with the £100 million cost of living fund.
Month after month, we have urged the Secretary of State to tell the Chancellor that this policy is wrong and will do irreversible harm.
We now hear that one charity a day is closing because of Government decisions.
How many will have to close before the Government acknowledge that they have made a terrible mistake?
I am afraid that that is an absolute rewriting of history.
I am old enough to remember the Conservatives’ charities Minister telling charities on his first day in the job that they ought to “stick to their knitting”.
This Government are determined to treat charities with the respect that they are owed, which is why we have established the civil society covenant, why the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend the Member for Barnsley South, meets with the charities sector regularly and why we have taken action to protect the smallest charities.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Cultural spaces across our nation that rely on funding through Arts Council England, such as The Ladder in my constituency, have been dismayed to see a second delay to the new cycle of national portfolio investment.
As that investment is fundamental to the income stream and stability of cultural activities, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of making a stable, long-term commitment to funding prospective national portfolio organisations, which have now been affected by two years of delays?
I understand the disappointment for some people who want to get into the package, as it were.
My hon.
Friend has three organisations in his constituency that will receive in the region of £500,000 this year under the national portfolio system.
The problem we have is that we are in the middle of a spending review that will affect the next four years and, on top of that, we are doing a review of Arts Council England.
We need to have profound change in the Arts Council so that it really works for arts organisations up and down the country, and that is what we will do.
Market Drayton in my constituency has really poor grassroots sports facilities for a town that serves more than 12,500 people.
Shropshire’s Conservatives will not allocate any of the community infrastructure levy money from the significant recent development there to improving those facilities, so will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can get proper funding in, in order to provide Market Drayton—Shropshire’s third largest town—with the sports facilities it deserves?
I am sorry to hear that the hon.
Lady is not receiving the support that she needs, but we are absolutely determined to provide it to her, and to any other Member of this House who is a champion of grassroots sports facilities.
I know that sites in Market Drayton have been awarded grants totalling over £6,000 through the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, but we are very aware that there are huge numbers of people—particularly young people—who want to get involved in sports, and we will work with the hon.
Lady to make that a reality.
Grassroots football clubs such as Bletchley Scot FC are inspiring the next generation of girls and boys to take up the beautiful game.
When I visited them last month, they told me that securing funding for modern sports facilities was their top priority, but that engaging with the Football Association was incredibly challenging.
Can the Minister set out what steps she is taking to work with the FA at the local and national levels?
Our investment through the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme is delivered through the Football Foundation in England, which engages with local Football Association and community stakeholders to identify needs in each area.
I encourage clubs such as Bletchley Scot FC to approach the Football Foundation directly to explore potential funding opportunities, and I am very happy to set up a meeting for my hon.
Friend.