The Prime Minister went further in his own remarks yesterday, saying: “The situation in Birmingham council is completely unacceptable”.—[Official Report,  2 April 2025 ; Vol. 765, c. 294.]
However, neither the Minister nor the Prime Minister has yet offered any criticism at all of Unite, whose action is the cause of all this rotting refuse in the streets.
Unite was Labour’s biggest union donor before the general election, giving £553,900 to a total of 86 MPs—although not to the Leader of the House, I am very pleased to say.
Does she think there could be any relationship between the Government’s reluctance to call out Unite on the disastrous situation in Birmingham and the half a million pounds in donations their MPs have just received?
Some Members of the House may see this whole situation as eerily reminiscent of the 1970s, especially Labour’s winter of discontent in 1978-79, when striking binmen caused refuse to pile up across major cities, including in Birmingham.
My worry, however, is about not the past but the future.
Labour consistently backed public sector union strikes when they were in opposition—a point the Prime Minister conveniently forgot to mention yesterday—but now they are in power they have thrown money at the unions hand over fist with little or no negotiated improvements.
Let us not forget that Northern Rail negotiators have even said that their agreements with the union require them to use fax machines.
There is a very serious point here, Mr Speaker.
At this moment, the Government are abolishing NHS England and taking direct control of the NHS.
Does anyone seriously think that a Government who are incapable of calling out their union donors over bin collections will have any ability at all to withstand pressure from the same and other union donors on the NHS?
What will that do to cost control and productivity, to public spending and inflation?
I would be grateful if the Leader of the House reflected on those issues in her remarks.
May I join the shadow Leader of the House in wishing everybody a very happy Easter?
I hope that Members can resist eating too much chocolate and hot cross buns, especially those who are on diets at this time of year.
Today is a day to reflect, Mr Speaker, because we face unprecedented times, which have the potential to change the global trade consensus of the past 80 years—a consensus that has brought this country, and most western countries, a great deal of prosperity.
We are still processing exactly what the new tariffs will mean for British businesses, and we will shortly hear from the Secretary of State for Business and Trade about that in more detail.
Just as President Trump is acting in what he believes is his national interest, we will always act in our national interest.
We will do whatever is necessary to protect British jobs, British businesses and British consumers.
I am sure the shadow Leader of the House will agree that, in any eventuality, securing the long-sought economic deal with our closest partner, the US, which the Prime Minister has been leading on for many months, is in our national interest, and I am sure the whole House will support him in those endeavours.
As the shadow Leader of the House said, this week is the start of a new financial year and the annual uprating of Bills.
It is also a very worrying time for families.
The cost of living crisis is not yet over, and many people will be wondering, as the month begins, how long their pay cheque will last.
We have inherited a very difficult situation, and the global trade war will not help, but we are determined to protect working people.
That is what we are all about.
We are about making work pay with our Employment Rights Bill.
We have seen a £1,400 a year increase to the national living wage.
And for young people, there has been an unprecedented uplift to the national minimum wage, which is now up to £10 an hour.
The state pension will increase this week by £470.
We will take the action necessary to bring down in the long term our bills, including those for water and energy.
The shadow Leader of the House raised the situation in Birmingham.
I was in Birmingham just last weekend visiting my husband’s family and found the conditions to be totally unacceptable.
It is awful what people are living with, and we want to see the situation end, and end immediately.
I am happy to tell the right hon.
Member that I have no problem in saying that the trade union Unite needs to step up, get back round the table and come to an agreement.
A reasonable agreement is on the table, so the trade union and the council should be able to deal with this very quickly.
I gently say to the shadow Leader of the House, however, that I do not think the situation in Birmingham covers anybody in glory.
To make some party political point about it does not serve him too well.
He and other Conservative Members might have a short memory, but this is a failure of successive leaderships of that council, including the Tory-Liberal Democrat coalition of the early 2000s in particular.
That was a critical phase in resolving the equality pay dispute, which other councils, including in Manchester and other cities, dealt with during that time, while Birmingham’s buried their heads in the sand about it.
If the shadow Leader of the House wants a discussion about what has happened with local government finances, let me say that local government was absolutely starved of finances for 14 years under his Government.
Month  after month, we saw councils go bust, including Tory councils such as Northamptonshire and Thurrock.
We have put record investment into local government, and will bring forward a devolution Bill later this year, which will include further measures on auditing local finances.
The shadow Leader of the House mentions the impact of industrial action on the working people of this country, but what did his Government preside over?
We saw more days of industrial action in our NHS and on the railways under the Conservative Government than we have done under Labour.
That is what the Conservatives want to do every time—cause conflict and have industrial action.
We have seen an end to industrial action in our NHS.
Because the strikes ended, waiting lists have gone down every single month for five months—and another 2 million doctors’ appointments have become available.
On the shadow Leader of the House’s watch, rail companies boasted about free cash from the Government for their rail contracts, and we had a record number of days lost to industrial action.
We put an end to that.
We got this country back to working in the interests of working people, so I will take no lectures from him.
Mr Speaker, I wish you and all the House staff, colleagues in the Chamber, and those outside an early happy Easter.
Sky is a household name in Britain and has millions of customers.
I am proud to represent Stockport, and Sky is a major employer in our town.
Unfortunately, it was announced last week that almost 2,000 jobs are at risk in Sky’s UK operations, with 545 roles in Stockport and more in Leeds and Sheffield impacted.
I have been working with my hon.
Friends the Members for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed) and for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel), and my immediate constituency neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart) , to support the staff impacted.
Serious questions have been raised with me by Sky employees about the mass redundancies, the process being leaked to media outlets before all staff were made aware of the redundancies, and the lack of clarity about the level of support on offer to members of staff.
These redundancies will have a detrimental impact on the economies and communities of Stockport, Sheffield and Leeds.
Will the Leader of the House allocate Government time for a debate on Sky and how it treats its hard-working, loyal staff?
I am really sorry to hear about the redundancies at Sky, which will affect my hon.
Friend’s constituents, as well as some of mine nearby.
He is doing his job as a constituency MP by raising this important matter on the Floor of the House.
I am sure that the company will have heard his concerns about the announcement being communicated via the media before employees were told.
That is just not acceptable.
One of the reasons why we are bringing forward our Employment Rights Bill is to ensure that workers have more rights in these circumstances, and that employers have an obligation to ensure that redundancies are handled sensitively, and with regard to people’s long-term interests.