The Secretary of State will be aware of suggestions that the Government may offer concessions around AI regulation in a deal to reduce US tariffs.
Will she assure the creative and news media sectors that any negotiations will not include an offer to weaken our copyright framework, which would be opposed by creative industries both in the UK and in the US?
Our creatives are second to none in the world, as I just said, and our copyright framework is an essential part of their success.
We have been clear that if it does not work for creatives, it does not work for us and we will not do it.
On negotiations with the United States, the Prime Minister has been clear that this is the start of the process, but we will always work in the national interest, and we are considering all steps as we look to the future.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce gambling harms.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce gambling harms.
This Government have introduced a landmark statutory gambling levy, which will be charged to gambling operators to fund the research, prevention and treatment of gambling harm.
The levy will come into effect next week and will raise around £100 million every year.
We are also introducing stake limits in the coming weeks for online slot games, which were associated with a higher risk of harm for the first time.
We know that gambling brings joy to many, but for those for whom it poses a problem, we are determined to offer all the support they need.
I recently met the family of Luke, a devoted husband and father of two and a passionate Leicester City fan.
Luke developed a gambling addiction in 2018, and although he self-excluded and repaid debts with his wife’s support, he relapsed during the pandemic and tragically took his own life in 2021, with the inquest finding that his gambling disorder contributed to his death and that Betfair failed to act, and issuing a prevention of future deaths report to Betfair, the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Gambling Commission.
In the light of that tragic case and of calls today from more than 30 local government and council leaders for reform on betting shops, will the Secretary of State set out what action the Government are taking to restrict gambling advertising and to better protect people like Luke from gambling harms?
May I thank my hon.
Friend very much, and not just for raising that serious issue but for the sensitive way in which he has approached it?
I extend my sincere condolences to Luke’s family, who I believe are here today.
I am so sorry to hear about their loss.
We believe, as a Government, that advertising should be socially responsible.
The Minister for Gambling has set the gambling industry a clear task to further raise standards to ensure that levels of gambling advertising do not exacerbate harm, and we will continue to review the evidence, including the very tragic case that my hon.
Friend talks about, to make sure we get that right.
A report by the Gambling Commission released in November 2024 showed that the proportion of young people between the ages of 11 and 17 experiencing problem gambling increased by 114% in just one year.
Will the Secretary of State please outline the steps her Department is taking to prevent young people from becoming victims of problem gambling?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view that there is clear evidence of particular problems for young people, and I know she has been active on that in her constituency.
The online slot stake limit will come into force on  9 April  for the £5 limit and on  21 May  for the £2 limit for younger adults.
That is a key harm-reduction measure and targeted at those most at risk of harmful gambling.