As has been said, tourism is a huge contributor to the UK economy, and I was delighted to take part in English Tourism Week, as many Members will have done.
The Government have committed to 50 million visits by 2030, and Conservative Members welcome that ambition.
I was surprised to hear from the tourism sector that there is great concern about a purported cut to the VisitBritain budget.
Will the Minister categorically tell the House whether there will be a cut to the VisitBritain budget, and if so, will he transparently tell the House how much that budget will be cut by?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is talking about the GREAT campaign budget, and it is certainly true that finances have been tough.
We are looking at precisely what money we may be able to source into that fund for the next year.
I am very serious about wanting to develop a UK-wide visitor economy strategy.
I think it might be valuable if the hon.
Gentleman and I sat down at some point and he gave me some of the ideas that are rocking around in his brain, and we will see whether any of those can be incorporated into our plan.
What steps she is taking to help increase tourism outside cities.
Not only are we an island economy, but I would argue that our towns and villages are just as important for our visitor economy as our great cities.
I recently spent a pleasant weekend in Chipping Campden, and many international visitors were wandering up and down Broadway.
The right hon.
Gentleman has some extraordinarily beautiful villages in his constituency, which I expect he is about to tell us about.
Since we are swapping villages, I was in Pocklington last week, at the site of what Professor Alice Roberts described as the most important iron age archaeological site in Britain: the Pocklington chariot burial.
It is a magnificent thing, and the centre of a huge area of iron age archaeology.
I was there to meet dedicated local volunteers who are creating a new museum at Burnby Hall based on that archaeology, which will bring tourists into the countryside.
What can the Government do to help people like that develop ideas such as this?
Not every village in Britain suffers the problems of Midsomer, but I know of the work that people are trying to do in Pocklington.
The right hon.
Gentleman refers to Professor Alice Roberts and her wonderful work in this area, and everything I have seen about the hoard in Pocklington is absolutely amazing.
I slightly expected that the right hon.
Gentleman would turn up wearing some of the bling— Or the armour.
Or some of the armour, because there was a time when it was fine for a man to wear a brooch; perhaps that time will come again.
I pay tribute to Burnby Hall gardens and museum, and it would be amazing if we were able to get it back into full use.
The gardens are amazing—apparently there are 80 different kinds of wild water lily—but it would be good if we could get the whole museum going, and I pay tribute to the volunteers who are trying to make that happen.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of the planned increase in employer national insurance contributions on creative industries.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, a large proportion of the creative industries are constituted as small and medium-sized enterprises, and the vast majority of those are protected from the increase in national insurance contributions.
Importantly, as many of them have said to me, they fully understand the need for greater expenditure on our public services, and that has to be matched by finding the money from somewhere.
I have always been particularly impressed by your brooch, Mr Speaker.
Nevertheless, those increases are damaging for any enterprise, but we could make it up to them by restoring Baroness Kidron’s amendment to the Data (Use and Access)
Bill.
Will the Minister do that?
No, we have just taken it out of the Bill for the precise reason that we do not think it would make the blindest bit of difference to the financial support provided to creative industries today.
That is why we are not supporting the amendment.
What steps her Department is taking to support the development of grassroots football in Scotland.
What steps she is taking to support grassroots sports venues.
What steps is she taking to allocate funding to local grassroots sports facilities in the north of England.
What steps is she taking to support grassroots sports venues.
The Government are clear that people should have access to sport and physical activity when they want, no matter who they are and where they are in the country.
That is why we recently announced a further £100 million investment across the UK for the coming year, to ensure better access to high-quality facilities.
The Kirkcaldy community football partnership does an amazing job providing a home for 18 teams, and bringing young people into our national game, including from some of the most deprived parts of our town.
Facilities at Denfield Park are too often unusable due to water logging on the grass pitch, and it badly needs a new synthetic pitch.
It is seeking funding for that as part of the Labour Government’s investment in grassroots sport in Scotland.
I will meet the Scottish Football Association about that next week, so will the Minister support our funding bid, and will she join me in encouraging the Secretary of State to accept my invitation to visit our pitch in Kirkcaldy and see the need for herself?
I absolutely will, and the Secretary of State says that she will too; we were both in Scotland a few weeks ago.
Will my hon.
Friend pass on my thanks to the volunteers at the Kirkcaldy community football partnership for their valuable work?
I recognise the issues that she puts forward.
We will be investing £8.6 million through our multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, through the Scottish Football Association, which I am pleased she will be meeting soon.
Certain sports often remain inaccessible to women and girls early on, making it harder for them to join later.
Will the Minister confirm how her Department is supporting clubs like Chess Valley rugby football club, in my constituency of South West Hertfordshire, that promote women’s participation at all levels?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
I attended the launch of the women’s innovation hub at Loughborough University a few weeks ago, and I convened the women in sport taskforce, along with Karen Carney.
We are clear that we want to support women’s sport at every level.
My constituency of Shipley is not short of sporting talent.
Baildon Fisical Sports Coaching Academy’s under-eights team has just won the national junior premier league final for the second consecutive season.
I pay tribute to the Bumble Bees Barbarians, the first mixed-ability contact rugby union team in England,  which plays at the Bradford and Bingley sports club.
Following the Government’s welcome announcement of a £100 million investment in grassroots sports, will the Minister assure me that inclusive grassroots sport will receive funding to continue that great work?
I congratulate the teams that my hon.
Friend mentions.
Grassroots clubs do such an important job in nurturing sporting talent.
Brilliant sports groups across the country will receive funding for facilities.
We will be targeting the most deprived areas, supporting under-represented groups and providing the multi-sport benefit through the Football Foundation, which will deliver that through its local football facilities plans, which are being refreshed to reflect changes including the growth in the women’s game and need in other sports.
Rugby union is sadly a sport on its knees in this country, propped up solely by the six nations, with top-flight clubs going to the wall despite a ringfenced premiership cartel.
Mismanagement of the game has become endemic.
The Rugby Football Union sustained losses of £38 million last year, yet still found the cash to provide a total remuneration package of £1.1 million to Bill Sweeney, who has presided over the current shambles.
Although he survived a vote of no confidence at a special general meeting of the RFU at Twickenham last week, forced by the Whole Game Union, the RFU is desperately trying to restore credibility with the grassroots game.
What oversight are the Government providing of the management of rugby union in England, the implementation of the forthcoming modernisation programme and the six-point plan for community rugby?
What support can they give to beleaguered grassroots clubs that are the lifeblood of the game and create our future internationals— Order.
Players like George Furbank, who started his career at Huntingdon Stags?
Order.
Please, Mr Obese-Jecty, there are other questions.
The hon.
Member raises some important points.
We had a debate in Westminster Hall on this issue very recently.
Of course we want rugby to sort the issues out for itself, but we appreciate the seriousness of the issues, and the Secretary of State and I meet regularly with its representatives.
What assessment her Department has made of the effectiveness of Government initiatives in supporting the long-term growth of the video game industry.
We are aware of the importance of the video games sector to the UK as a whole, and the brilliance of Warrington in leading the world, not just in video games but in nuclear and in the sheer number of roundabouts to which my hon.
Friend’s constituency  is home.
We are committed to working with her and others to ensure that we continue to support the video games sector for many years to come.