The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What recent discussions the Church Commissioners have had with the Charity Commission on Project Spire.
The Church Commissioners are engaged in informal discussions with the Charity Commission to consider what regulatory approvals may be required to progress this project.
The funds that have been committed to projects via the Church of England’s reparations project are in fact for the upkeep of parish churches and the provision of salaries for the clergy.
I know that the Second Church Estates Commissioner is dedicated to our parish churches and would not support anything unlawful, so will the hon.
Lady please provide the grounds on which the Church Commissioners are authorised to allocate this money to aims for which it was not intended?
What details can she share of the conversations that she has had with the Charity Commission to determine whether they can do this, as it seems to be unlawful?
The fund for healing, repair and justice is the Church Commissioners’ response to its legacy links to the chattel enslavement of Africans.
The fund will be sourced from the endowment managed by the Church Commissioners, and the board will always act in accordance with the charity’s legal powers.
Once discussions with the Charity Commission are completed, the board will take a formal decision on those next steps.
The hon.
Member will obviously agree that I cannot prejudge the outcome of those discussions.
The right hon.
and learned Member for Kenilworth and Southam, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked— What assessment the Committee has made of the effectiveness of the Electoral Commission’s powers to enforce compliance with political donation rules.
There are high levels of compliance with the UK’s political donation laws.
The Electoral Commission currently has a range of powers to investigate and sanction suspected breaches of the law, but it has recommended making its enforcement powers more effective.
It has also recommended increasing the maximum fine for breaches of the law from £20,000 to £500,000, which would ensure that the prospect of a fine acts as a more proportionate and credible deterrent.
The Electoral Commission has the power to issue fines only up to the value of £20,000, so I welcome the right hon.
and learned Member’s comments.
I take it that he agrees with the report from the Committee on Standards in Public Life, which found that this threshold needs to be dramatically increased in order to safeguard our democracy and act as a deterrent against bad faith actors.
Having been a member of that Committee, I do agree with its recommendations—although it did not make them when I was a member.
As I have said, the Electoral Commission, for which I speak today, has made clear its views.
I hope that he will make clear his views to Ministers because, in the end, this requires legislative change that only the Government can make.
What progress has been made on establishing individual taskforces for each region of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to ensure that political donations are properly disclosed, to provide proper transparency to the general public?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the situation in Northern Ireland is slightly different from that in the rest of the UK.
Across the UK, the Electoral Commission’s view is that there should be transparency.
That is the obligation of political parties, and it is the job of the Electoral Commission to make sure it does what it can to support that transparency across the system.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What assessment the Church of England has made of the potential impact of the US Government’s middle east policies on Christian inhabitants in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The situation facing all Palestinian communities in Israeli-occupied Gaza and the west bank is devastating, with tens of thousands killed and almost 2 million displaced.
The Anglican communion continues to support people in the region, providing healthcare and education alongside pastoral work at St George’s cathedral in Jerusalem, in partnership with other Churches.
In Gaza, mass atrocities continue and civilians, including children, are being killed.
In recent days, the Israeli Defence Minister has threatened to annex parts of Gaza, and we have already seen the illegal annexation of large parts of the west bank, with Palestinian families being forced from their homes to make way for Israeli settlers.
Can my hon.
Friend tell us what the Church Commissioners are doing to help promote respect for international law and bring an end to this horror?