The Secretary of State was delighted recently to announce two successful freeports in Wales—the Celtic freeport and Anglesey freeport—which will each be supported by £26 million of Government funding.
We have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the delivery of the two Welsh freeports, which we aim to bring into operation as soon as possible.
I have been a keen supporter of the new Solent freeport joining my Meon Valley constituency.
I know the economic benefits that freeports can bring to businesses and workers.
Can my hon.
Friend assure me that he is doing everything he can to ensure that the two freeport bids in Wales move ahead swiftly to benefit the communities they serve?
I certainly can.
The two new freeports will help to level up north-west and south-west Wales and bring new high-skilled jobs to successful areas.
They will become drivers of growth and employment in their areas, acting as hubs for regeneration, innovation and global trade.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s desire to see rapid progress.
Both the UK Government and the Welsh Government will work closely with the successful bidders to develop their outline business case so that we can understand the benefits, costs and the most beneficial intervention options.
The Celtic freeport bid is based on floating offshore wind.
The floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme is a vital programme to get the infrastructure in the port ready for the fabrication of substructures and turbines for floating offshore wind.
As the voice of Wales in the Cabinet, what steps is the Secretary of State taking with Cabinet colleagues to secure FLOWMIS to maximise the benefits of the Celtic sea freeport?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about that.
He may also be aware of yesterday’s announcement of the leasing area in the Celtic sea for floating offshore wind.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has regular meetings with stakeholders, as do I, about FLOWMIS and the necessary infrastructure to bring that into being.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on improving transport connectivity between south Wales and south-west England.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues to discuss transport links between Wales and the rest of the United Kingdom.
I am pleased to say that the UK Government have recently provided £2.7 million to develop solutions to M4 congestion and deliver improvements to rail infrastructure.
My right hon.
Friend will know that routes such as the A303 from the south-west to London have been upgraded to ease congestion and boost the economy, but for those travelling to Cardiff along the M4, delays and congestion persist.
What are the barriers to getting the vital upgrades that that route needs?
I am afraid to say that the barrier is the Welsh Labour Government, who have decided that they will, as a matter of policy, end all new road-building projects in Wales, and, on top of that, bring in speed limits and road user charging.
That is bad for jobs, bad for commuters and bad for the economy of Wales.
The Government have woefully underinvested in Welsh rail.
The Burns commission and the union connectivity review all point to what the Government should do: upgrade the south Wales main line and build new stations, such as in Magor.
When will the Government invest?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
There is a project, which is going through the business case process at the moment, to improve the freight lines on the south Wales line to enable passenger services to run on it.
I believe that there will be announcements about that shortly, when the new rail network enhancements pipeline programme comes out.
Considering that not a single mile of High Speed 2 track will reach Wales, and that current services between Wales and England are woefully unreliable and expensive, what steps will the Secretary of State and the Government take to improve that and ensure that those living in Wales actually benefit from HS2?
The HS2 project, which was, of course, proposed by the last Labour Government and is supported, as far as I am aware, by the Labour Opposition, will benefit passengers in north Wales.
The Government are committed to passengers across the whole of Wales, which is why £390 million has been spent on a range of improvements.
In addition to that, we will shortly have the south Wales metro system, which is part of the Cardiff capital region growth deal.
Whether he has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Transport on the adequacy of Network Rail funding in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Department for Transport colleagues on a wide range of transport matters.
Wales receives proportionally greater funding than the rest of Great Britain.
In fact, figures from the 2021-22 financial year demonstrate that Government funding of the operational railway was 32.1p per kilometre travelled in England, 57.3p in Scotland and 59.3p in Wales.
When I asked the Department for Transport about the maintenance funding spent on the Wales route, it told me that it gets 4% or 5% of the spending and it equates to 4% of the network, so it must be fair.
The problem is that the figures were based on train miles rather than track length, and the train miles are always lower in Wales because of a lack of investment in infrastructure.
The track length is actually 11%, not 4%.
Will the Minister make representations to the DFT to increase rail spending proportionately to make it a fairer settlement?
The hon.
Member is right to reference investment in rail in north Wales.
Growth Track 360 has pressed for that hard—I have been involved with that, as he has—and the North Wales Transport Commission has recently outlined similar projects.
He will be aware of the Union connectivity review development funding pot that has been available, and the entry in RNEP for the north Wales coast main line in relation to line speeds.
What steps he is taking to increase levels of investment in Wales.
Foreign investment created 3,062 jobs over the last year.
With the number of FDI projects also on the rise, that shows that more and more investors are looking to Wales.
This is testament to the £52 million that we are providing to support two new freeports, our commitment to delivering at least one investment zone in Wales, and the £1 billion we are investing in the next decade to boost the UK’s global strengths in semiconductors.
Does the Minister agree that supply chain businesses need “a modern, functioning road network to keep goods moving efficiently”— whether they are on the M4, the A55 or elsewhere—and that the failure of the Welsh Government to commit to this is a “body blow”, according to the Road Haulage Association director, Geraint Davies?
I absolutely do; my hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
The Welsh Government’s response to the roads review is more of a roadblock, sadly.
Their opposition to the M4 relief road and other schemes continues to hold the Welsh economy back.
The Welsh Government’s impact assessment suggests that the impact of the 20-mile-an-hour default speed limit could be as much as £4.5 billion.
The Welsh Government, I am afraid, are advertising that Wales is closed for business.
The automotive sector contributes significantly to the economy in Wales, including Gestamp in my constituency, where investment in the latest technology to make lighter, tougher bodywork parts contributes to the safety and energy efficiency of vehicles, including new electric vehicles.
However, with the US and the EU offering big incentives to companies to invest in new green technologies, what talks has the Minister had with ministerial colleagues about offering similar incentives to get the investment from automotive companies to ensure that we keep a vibrant automotive sector?
I know that that question is very important to the hon.
Member and her constituency.
I point her in the direction of the growth deals, which have an important role to play, and regular ongoing discussions are held between the Secretary of State, the Wales Office and other Government Departments.
Investment in Wales is also conditional on there being adequate healthcare.
Is my hon.
Friend aware that, in Tywyn on the west coast of Wales, a hospital that was built only six or seven years ago has now closed?
People in that area have to travel many, many miles to get healthcare when it is needed.