As a GP, the Minister knows the value of community engagement.
Will he ask the Home Secretary to increase investment in policing in Wales to ensure that there is an effective response to tackling crime when bad things happen?
The hon.
Member will be aware that there are more police officers in all the forces in Wales than ever before.
The Government and the Home Office have been investing in the uplift programme and ensuring that there is a strong police presence across Wales.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of cost of living support for households in Wales.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of cost of living support for households in Wales.
This Government are supporting households across Wales with the cost of living.
Between October 2022 and the end of June 2023, a typical household would have seen half their energy bills paid for by the Government.
According to a study on hunger in Wales, around 753,000 Welsh people faced hunger in mid-2022—that is more than double the population of Cardiff—with Welsh Trussell Trust foodbanks experiencing  an 85% increase in the number of emergency food parcels that they distributed compared with five years previously.
What specific conversations has the Secretary of State had with Cabinet colleagues and the retail sector on the high costs of food in supermarkets?
Obviously, all Cabinet colleagues are absolutely committed to making sure that we put our resources towards the least well off.
That is why pensions, benefits and the minimum wage have all gone up in line with inflation, and it is why there have been extra payments of £900 to people on benefits, £300 to pensioners, and £150 to households with disabilities.
But at least the people of Wales are not in the same position as those of Scotland, where 1.4 million people are being hit with extra taxes.
Actually, families who need it most in Scotland are seeing the game-changing £25 a week Scottish child payment.
When will the Secretary of State devolve powers over social security to Senedd Cymru, so that it can also make decisions like that to protect the people of Wales from the Tories’ cost of living crisis?
I can assure the hon.
Member that all members of the Cabinet are committed to resolving the cost of living problems that have come about as a result of the covid pandemic and the war in Ukraine.
That is why our first priority is to halve inflation, as well as growing the economy, reducing debt, stopping illegal immigration into this country and—we are responsible for this in England—reducing hospital waiting lists.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I wish to welcome a special guest who is observing our proceedings today: the President of the Cyprus House of Representatives.
Madam President, you are most welcome.
I also wish to make a short statement.
I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in celebrating the fact that today is the 75th anniversary of the founding of the NHS.
A couple of days before it started, the Health Minister, Aneurin Bevan, said in a message to the medical profession: “On 5th July we start together, the new National Health Service.
It has not had an altogether trouble-free gestation!
There have been understandable anxieties, inevitable in so great and novel an undertaking...
But the sooner we start, the sooner we can try together to see to these things and to secure the improvements we all want.”
It is fair to say that 75 years later, the NHS still faces challenges, but it is right that, today, we celebrate an institution that treats over 1 million people a day.
In particular, I am sure Members across the House will want to join me in celebrating the staff of the NHS, past and present, across all our constituencies.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] To them, I say on behalf of the House: thank you for your outstanding contribution to the health and wellbeing of us all.
Of course, the National Health Service Act 1946 is a reminder of the vital role of this House in creating and debating legislation as part of a democratic process, so I say to previous MPs: thank you for what you did.
We will not forget.