The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 5 July.
I have been asked to reply on behalf of my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister, who is attending a service right now in Westminster Abbey to celebrate the 75th anniversary of the NHS.
Mr Speaker, may I associate myself with your comments?
The NHS continues to be a treasured national institution, and I am sure that, during this sitting, colleagues across the House will join you in celebrating its values and achievements and thanking staff for their huge commitment to patients.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Mr Speaker, can I also associate myself with the remarks you made celebrating the 75th anniversary of the NHS?
On behalf of my constituents and all our constituents, I thank its staff for the work they do, day in, day out.
Last Friday, I met a group of residents who have raised a petition to keep the last bank in Corringham town open.
The viability of our town centres often depends on the presence of a small number of anchor businesses, such as a post office or a bank.
Can my right hon.
Friend therefore tell the House what action the Government can take to ensure that at least one of those organisations maintains a high street presence to support businesses and residents alike, particularly when they have received significant Government support?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
Banks are a cornerstone of our high streets.
Of course, it is ultimately a commercial decision for banks, but I think it is right that they take into account the views of local communities.
I am sure the bank in question will have heard his remarks to the House and I trust that it will take appropriate action.
We now come to the Deputy Leader of the Opposition, Angela Rayner.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and can I associate myself with and thank you for your opening comments regarding our NHS?
I thank all those staff who have worked and continue to work in our NHS today.
I am sure Members across the whole House will join me in paying tribute to Lord Bob Kerslake, a decent and kind man who accomplished so much in both local and national Government during a lifetime of public service.
Our heartfelt condolences go to his family.
I am glad to see the right hon.
Gentleman here today.
I think I am right in saying that I have the pleasure again next week—two weeks on the trot.
The Government  really have given up.
Every day, 4,000 families’ mortgage deals expire, with 100,000 more since we last met and millions more next year.
Families are sick with worry about the cost of the Tory mortgage bombshell.
Do the Tories still claim to be the party of home ownership?
May I begin by associating myself with the right hon.
Lady’s remarks about Lord Bob Kerslake?
I knew him from my time in Downing Street.
He was a stalwart public servant and he will be missed by many on both sides of this House.
It may come as a surprise to the right hon.
Lady, but some leaders trust their deputies to stand in for them.
When it comes to mortgage rates, I support the independence of the Bank of England in taking the necessary measures to control inflation.
Just ask the International Monetary Fund what we have done to support them.
It has said that we have taken “decisive and responsible action” to bring down inflation and we will continue to do so.
But what is Labour’s plan?
It is to borrow £28 billion a year, pushing up inflation; to cut our domestic energy supply, pushing up inflation; and to penalise workers saving into their pensions, pushing up inflation.
There we have it from Labour—endless borrowing and higher prices.
We have had 13 years of Conservative failures.
Homeowners watching that pathetic answer will be cringing: they are not celebrating the Government’s success; they are counting the cost of their failures.
The only thing that is not soaring in price at the moment is the right hon.
Gentleman’s gags, which are getting cheaper by the minute.
It is not just homeowners who are suffering.
Security of renters has been ripped away too, with higher mortgage costs handed directly to them.
Given most renters live in homes with a buy-to-let mortgage, can he tell us: are buy-to-let properties included in the mortgage support package—yes or no?
Actually, under this Government, thanks to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, we have introduced legislation for the first time to support renters and to give them greater security of tenure.
Of course, the Chancellor will take all necessary measures to stand behind mortgage holders and take necessary measures for renters.
We have a choice in this country, and the choice that we have made is to invest in our economy, giving us the fastest growing economy in the G7 for the past two years, creating jobs, with record low unemployment, and increasing people’s wages by providing the national living wage—£1,600—into everyone’s pockets.
That is how this Government are supporting people.
I know that the Deputy Prime Minister is not very good on facts, but the Tory party did crash the economy.
He will know that, according to his own Government’s data, over 2 million buy-to-let properties are missing out on support.
No-fault evictions are up by 116% this year.
So will he tell us if the Prime Minister has the spine now to stand up to the vested interests in his own party and finally deliver its promise to ban no-fault evictions?
I do not think the Prime Minister is going to take any lectures on weakness from the Labour party.
There is a lot of talk about reshuffle in the air from the Labour party.
The last time the  leader of the Labour party tried to sack the right hon.
Lady, she walked out with a promotion.
We will continue to stand behind renters and to support them, and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities will take all necessary steps.
That answer is pathetic for all those people who are facing homelessness on the right hon.
Gentleman’s watch.
We will ban no-fault evictions—unlike the Conservative party.
Jessica and her four children from Plymouth were evicted from their home in April.
They are temporarily living with Jessica’s mother in a cramped house where the two eldest children are sleeping on blow-up beds in the front room, surrounded by their belongings—hardly the decent, secure life that the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government promised.
Do families like Jessica’s not deserve better?
I will tell the right hon.
Lady what we are doing for families like Jessica’s: we are increasing the national living wage.
It was the Conservative party that introduced the national living wage, not the Labour party.
It is this party that has doubled—doubled—the personal allowance, cutting taxes for those people, and it is this party that has lifted a million people out of unemployment.
I am immensely proud of the record of this Government.
That is why people will not trust the Labour party not to crash the economy again.
I asked a question about no-fault evictions; I was very clear on what the Labour party would do, but I cannot see us getting through a single one of these encounters without the Deputy Prime Minister blaming the Opposition for his Government’s own record.
When asked yesterday about the record low number of council houses being built, the Housing Minister said she did not recognise that statistic.
When asked about support for people in temporary accommodation, she said it was not her brief—the brief of the Housing Minister.
If council housing is not her responsibility, whose is it?
The Labour party may have failed to notice that it is actually under this Government that more council houses have been built than when they were in office; it is under this party that we have record levels of housing being built.
We stand very proudly on the record of this Government.
But let us look at what we have done more broadly: inflation and waiting lists coming down, growth forecasts up, Albanian crossings down.
While we are delivering on our priorities, what have we seen from the Labour party?
It has U-turned five times in the last month already.
The record is clear: the only thing we can rely on the party opposite to deliver is broken promises.
Talking about broken promises, house building is set to collapse to its lowest level since the war, rents and mortgages are soaring, home ownership is plummeting and over a million people are trapped waiting for a council house.
There is one simple solution to this problem, and everyone knows it, so when will the right hon.
Gentleman finally stand up for the national interest instead of the Tory party’s interests and build more houses?
The right hon.
Lady may not have listened to the answer I gave and just moved straight on to the next pre-scripted question, but we have built more houses under this Government than the Labour party.
I am afraid it is the same old thing from her: she stacks up the endless job titles, she takes the union cash and she constantly talks Britain down.
That is why we will do everything we can to keep Labour out of people’s pockets, out of their lives and out of Government.
I might respectfully say to the deputy leader of the Labour party, the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner), that if she wants to know what we are doing on rental reform, she can look at the Renters (Reform) Bill that this Government are introducing.
Order.
Is that your question?
I think you ought to ask your question.
My question is about the Slapton line in my constituency.
Can it be right that Natural England is holding back major infrastructure development in south Devon and not allowing us to keep key infrastructure being developed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to speak up for the Slapton line.
It is one of the most beautiful roads in the country.
I understand that the Slapton Line Partnership, which includes Natural England and the Environment Agency, is working closely with the local community on the plans.
We now come to the deputy leader of the Scottish National party.
I begin by thanking all the staff in our health services across these isles.
As we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the health services in the UK, I want to reflect on two quotes from two people.
The first is: “it’s about using the private sector more…something that we, actually, should be very comfortable with.”
The second is: “A number of people do go as NHS patients to the private sector…and we could do more of it”.
Can I ask the Deputy Prime Minister: which quote is from the PM, and which is from the Leader of the Opposition?
May I begin by saying genuinely how sorry I was to hear that the hon.
Lady will be standing down at the next election?
She and I joined the House at the same time, and I know she has contributed much to her party and to this place.
May I also say that I am sure she will wish to join me in celebrating His Majesty King Charles receiving the Scottish regalia, pretty much as we speak?
indicated dissent.
There is always time for a Damascene conversion.
When it comes to the NHS, I will take no lectures from either the SNP or Labour.
It has been there for me.
I was born in an NHS hospital, and my children were born in an NHS hospital.
It has been there for me and my family, and this Government have put record funding into it.