The No. 1 problem that faces the health service across these isles is workforce, and research shows that Brexit has worsened the UK’s shortage of doctors.
European nurses registering to work in the UK fell by 90% after the Brexit referendum.
What more will it take for both him and the Labour party to admit the damage that Brexit is causing our health services?
It all started off so nicely.
I do not know whether the hon.
Lady has been listening to what the Government have announced this week, but we announced an additional £2.4 billion for our groundbreaking NHS workforce plan.
It is the first time in the NHS’s history that that has happened.
If we look at the record since this party came to power, we have almost 40,000 more doctors and more than 50,000 more nurses.
Once again, the Conservative party is delivering for the NHS.
Tonight, at West Lindsey District Council’s planning meeting, the RAF will apply for listed building consent to move the grave of Wing Commander Guy Gibson’s dog.
Apparently, the Home Office is content for 2,000 migrants to be cooped up next to 1,000 of my constituents living near or on the base, but the RAF thinks it intolerable that it should leave the grave of a dog that has lain in peace for 80 years.
More importantly, will the Home Office start listening to us?
If it insists on this proposal on illegal migrants, will it put them on a discrete part of the base and let us get on with £300 million of levelling up with a hundred buildings—many of them listed—a 2 mile-long runway and a spaceport, and let the dog lie in peace?
My right hon.
Friend knows that we have to take action to address the unacceptable cost of housing migrants in hotels.
I thank him for the constructive approach he has taken to RAF Scampton playing a role in respect of that.
Of course, Home Office Ministers will have heard his broader representations, and I am sure they will respond to him.
May I, on behalf of my colleagues, extend our deep appreciation to all those past and present who continue to be dedicated to our NHS, including our staff in the health and social care system in Northern Ireland?
In Northern Ireland, GPs, nurses, doctors and carers are adversely constrained by a lack of sufficient funding for our health service.
The Northern Ireland Fiscal Council has highlighted that our allocation falls beneath need, which compounds the difficulty year on year.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister assure me of the Government’s willingness to engage on this issue and ensure that public services get what they need to continue delivering for the people of Northern Ireland?
I am happy to give the right hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
As he knows, the Department of Health in Northern Ireland has been allocated £7.3 billion—an increase of £20 million above 2022-23—but of course the absence of a Northern Ireland Executive is exacerbating the severe challenges that the healthcare service in Northern Ireland is already facing.
A fully functioning devolved Government is the right way to deliver the reforms needed for the Northern Ireland health service.
Of the 16,700 cases of melanoma diagnosed in the UK every year, sadly over 2,000 will prove fatal.
Regularly applying sunscreen is our most effective weapon against this deadly disease, yet the Treasury remains stubbornly opposed to exempting these lifesaving products from VAT.
With a further heatwave expected later this month, will my right hon.
Friend assure me, as a melanoma survivor, that he will do everything in his power to remove VAT from high-factor sunscreen to save lives and support the NHS as it celebrates its 75th anniversary?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the dangers of melanoma.
As a fair-headed person with a fair-headed family, I am acutely conscious of the need to wear sun cream.
I will not trespass on Treasury decisions in this setting, but I know that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will have heard her representations.
After 13 years of Tory Government, the Government’s record is pretty dismal.
Let us consider it: inflation spiralling out of control; interest rates set to hit 6.5% by the end of the year; energy prices double those in the rest of Europe; food shortages; strikes across the public sector and NHS; and graduates leaving university with mountains of debt and little to no prospect of home ownership.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister admit his Tory Government’s failure and urge the Prime Minister to call a general election now?
Rather than focusing on playing politics, we are actually delivering for the British people.
I listened to the hon.
Lady’s litany.
I was interested to note that her leader has been in power for 100 days, and what has the SNP’s record been?
Three failing First Ministers, two unfinished ferries and a failed deposit return scheme.
I think we can all agree that the people of Scotland deserve better.
Conservative Governments have a proud record of supporting the UK’s steel industry.
I have— I do not know why Labour Members are laughing, because steel production halved under Labour.
I have stood up many times in the House to talk about the importance of steel not just to my home town of Scunthorpe but to our whole nation.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we will always need steel in this country and that, if we cannot make it ourselves, we will have to ship it over from the other side of the world, with all the emissions and environmental and ethical concerns that that will inevitably bring?
Will he reaffirm the Government’s commitment to taking further measures to ensure that we have sustainable, long-term steelmaking in this country?
I am very happy to reaffirm this Government’s commitment to steel manufacturing.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, as I know what a champion she is for steel production in Scunthorpe.
Long may she continue to be.
We have made meaningful offers of support to Tata and British Steel.
The Secretary of State recently visited them to see at first hand the work under way.
I am sure that the Deputy Prime Minister will be as pleased as I am that work is well under way to construct the Sutherland spaceport; in fact, it is ahead of schedule.
Recently, the north coast space cluster has been developed, which involved enterprise agencies and companies.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that that can build massively on the skills built up over many years at Doonreay, and that the establishment of international links with companies in the United States can only be good news for the far north of Scotland?
I completely agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks.
The development of that new spaceport is a key part of our ambition to grow the UK’s space launch capabilities.
In the first three years we are expected to reach £20 million of investment, creating 40 jobs.
We are working with the United States, particularly through the technology safeguards agreement, to allow UK companies to exchange technology with it.
Could I associate myself with your comments about the NHS, Mr Speaker?
I pay tribute to all NHS workers both in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across the country.
I welcome the new long-term workforce plan, particularly 40% more places in dental schools.
Access to dentistry has been an issue for a number of my constituents.
Would my right hon.
Friend consider the merits of opening new dental schools, not just new dental places?
Keele University is one of the best medical schools in the country, and would make an excellent site for a new dental school.
As ever, my hon.
Friend makes a very strong case for his constituency.
As a result of the NHS long-term workforce plan, we are currently assessing capacity at existing dental schools to see whether they can accommodate the expansion in training places.
Of course, we retain an open mind about whether we need further such education facilities.
It was a pleasure to join colleagues from across the House this morning for the NHS 75th anniversary parkrun on this special day.
However, my joy was short-lived when I returned to my office to find the usual array of emails from desperate constituents who cannot get a doctor or dentist appointment, access to children’s mental health services or proper care for their loved ones.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman agree that, as today’s report from three highly respected think-tanks suggests, after a decade of under-investment, our beloved health service faces either managed decline under the Tories, or a Labour Government with a radical new health and wellbeing strategy to put it back on its feet?
Mr Speaker, it may not surprise you to hear that I do not agree with that characterisation.
Let me tell you about this Government’s record on the NHS: record funding; record doctors; record nurses; records scans; and record operations.
The only record from the Opposition party is in Wales, where they now have the worst A&E waiting times in the country.
The only other record is the length of the answers.
Maybe we can speed up with Richard Drax.
I associate myself with your comments about the NHS, Mr Speaker.
My constituents in Weymouth and Portland and I are getting a little tired of being told that placing a migrant barge in our port is in the national interest.
It is neither in the national interest nor in ours.
The barge, designed for 222, will accommodate 506 illegal migrants, already testing our overstretched resources.
It was imposed on us without any consultation.
There are many concerns both about the barge and about what the 506 young men will do, going around a seaside resort at the height of the summer, unmonitored and with little money.
Will my right hon.
Friend stop it, and ask my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary to do likewise?
I am sure my hon.
Friend appreciates that we need to reduce the bill of housing asylum seekers in hotels and that we need to look at different measures to accommodate them.
Of course, I am very happy to engage with him, and I am sure the Home Secretary is too, to ensure we can find a satisfactory solution in his constituency that protects his constituents’ interests.
Last week, the coroner found that the cause of Luke Ashton’s suicide in April 2021 was gambling disorder.
Immediately before his death, Luke, bombarded with inducements, placed over 1,200 bets.
At no point did the operator intervene.
From his previous brief, the Deputy Prime Minister will have extensive knowledge of the harm those inducements cause, so does he agree that the commitments to curb advertising and promotions in the gambling White Paper do not go far enough to reduce harm and prevent more tragedies like Luke Ashton’s suicide?
The hon.
Lady will know from our conversations when I was Digital Secretary that I share her concerns about gambling inducements.
Indeed, I pay tribute to her for her campaigning on this issue.
I think we have a very good set of proposals in the gambling White Paper.
That sits alongside the 2019 “NHS Long Term Plan” which committed to 15 specialist units across England by 2024 to support those with gambling addiction.
I think we have good proposals in place.
May I draw the House’s attention to the fact that we have the Chief Minister of His Majesty’s Government of Gibraltar in the Gallery, Fabian Picardo?
May I seek an assurance from the Deputy Prime Minister that, as the UK-EU negotiations on the border between Gibraltar and Spain continue, the sovereign, freely expressed opinions of the Gibraltarian people to remain British will be protected, as well as their security and economic interests?
I am very happy to give my hon.
Friend, and indeed the First Minister of Gibraltar, exactly that assurance.
This Government will always stand up for the people of Gibraltar and their right to determine their own future.
Sarcomas are cancers that can affect any part of the body, inside or outside, including muscles, bones, tendons, blood vessels and fatty tissues.
Sarcoma is rare.
In the UK, around 15 people are diagnosed every day and 5,300 a year, including in families in Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney.
Awareness is low and as this is Sarcoma Awareness Month, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister to meet me and families affected so that we can discuss what more the Government can do to raise awareness and vital funds for research going forward?
I am very happy to give that commitment, I think probably best on behalf of Health Ministers.
One of my colleagues in Downing Street who was a Prime Minister’s principal private secretary sadly died of that disease, so I have a great awareness of it and it is important that we continue to raise its profile.
Last week, as an alumni of Durham University, I had the pleasure of going to the installation of Dr Fiona Hill as its new chancellor.
Dr Hill started in Bishop Auckland and could not afford a school uniform to go to the high school where she had a scholarship.
She finished up working in the White House and is an example of social mobility.
That is what she will be championing as the new chancellor.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister encourage the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Surrey Heath (Michael Gove)  to work with me and the all-party parliamentary group for left behind neighbourhoods to do everything we can to support her?
I join my hon.
Friend in relaying the Government’s congratulations to her.
I will ensure the Secretary of State hears the representations he makes.
Universities in Cardiff and across the UK are home to world-leading research and innovation, but thousands of jobs and huge amounts of expertise are now at risk because of the Government’s dithering in the negotiations over Horizon.
The  reported last week that Sir Paul Nurse, Nobel laureate and head of the Francis Crick Institute, described the delays as “absurd” and “damaging science and damaging the country”.
Are the Government still committed to negotiating a deal?
If they are, why do they not get on with it?
Since we agreed the Windsor framework we have had very constructive discussions on Horizon, but the difference between my party and the hon.
Gentleman’s party is that we will not accept a deal at any price.
We will wait until we get the best deal for the British people and British universities.
I am running a campaign called “A Year of Reasons to Visit the Moorlands”.
Each week, for a year, I am focusing on one of the many reasons to visit the moorlands.
So far I have included Hetty’s Tea Shop in Froghall, the Heaton House Farm wedding venue, some brilliant artists and Alton Towers, and this week is league club day.
May I invite my right hon.
Friend and you, Mr Speaker, to visit my constituency to see one of the reasons for yourselves?
I should be delighted to do so.
I think that Hetty’s Tea Shop may be more my cup of tea than Alton Towers, but I am sure I can arrange a visit.
We will both go on the big rides together.
I think everyone in this House can recognise that my city of Dundee is a city to be proud of.
It has world-leading universities, pioneering businesses and a determined SNP city council leading the way, and there is a real ambition to deliver for the future.
We want to continue our journey, and the potential delivery of a world-class site for the Eden Project in our city will help to cement its reputation, bring further investment and jobs, and boost our local economy.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that the UK Government will deliver on previous promises and finally commit to supporting capital funding for that project in my city?
I am a big supporter of the Eden Project, and I hope very much that we can have one in Dundee.
Of course the United Kingdom Government always stand ready to support people in Scotland, and to support people in Dundee.
As the child of two NHS doctors, the sister of an NHS doctor and the wife of an NHS doctor, may I, too, say thank you to everyone who works in our NHS?
Will my right hon.
Friend send particular congratulations to the students at the new medical school at Anglia Ruskin University in Chelmsford, who will graduate as doctors in a couple of weeks?
This is the first time we have ever trained doctors in Essex, and it has been hugely successful.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss doubling the size of our medical school?
I am very happy to offer my sincere congratulations to those students, who thoroughly deserve their graduation ceremony.
I know what a difficult course is required for someone to qualify as a doctor.
Health Ministers would be happy to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss exactly that proposal.
One of my constituents, who was a first-year university student, tragically took his own life in May.
He had signed a private sector tenancy for his next year’s accommodation, with his parents as guarantor.
The tenancy includes a clause which states that the responsibilities of the guarantor are unaffected by the death of a tenant, and the lettings agency is disgracefully insisting on enforcing that abhorrent requirement.
My constituents not only have to live with the devastating loss of their son, but face terrible financial hardship  because of this cruelty.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister support my call for the inclusion of a clause in the long overdue Renters (Reform) Bill to outlaw that practice and protect bereaved families?
What the hon.
Lady has described sounds totally abhorrent, and I shall be very happy to look into the details and discuss what measures might be brought forward to address it.
At a time of record employment, an unemployment rate nearly half that of the EU average and strong inward investment, can my right hon.
Friend explain why every single period of Labour government since the second world war has ended in economic failure, with sterling weaker and unemployment usually higher?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right.
I might add that Labour Governments also spend every last penny in the Treasury.
I well remember the   note saying that there was no money left when we entered government.
We should never allow that to happen to the British people again.
Our absentee Prime Minister did not turn up for the Owen Paterson vote, he did not turn up for the Boris Johnson vote, he will not stand up to the MPs who called the Privileges Committee a kangaroo court, and yesterday he embarrassed himself by acting like a stroppy schoolboy in front of the Liaison Committee.
With NHS waiting lists at a record high and the Tory mortgage penalty hitting my constituents hard, he has bitten off more than he can chew, has he not?
I am not sure that there was a question in that; I might respectfully say that it was a rant.
I will proudly defend this Government’s record.
We have grown the economy in the past two years faster than any other country in the G7, with record low levels of unemployment and fewer people in workless households, all of which would be put at risk if the Labour party ever entered power.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
It is a shame that the Deputy Prime Minister has left, because this point of order refers to his appearance in the Chamber on  7 June , when he claimed that my party’s plan to invest £28 billion a year in green energy would add £1,000 a year “to everyone’s mortgage”.
He made that claim a day after the Daily Mail reported that figure and said that it came from Treasury analysis.
However, the Treasury has admitted that the statistic does not come from official analysis.
It was forced to make that admission to the UK Statistics Authority after that organisation demanded to know where the figure had come from.
The UKSA told LBC that despite investigation, it had been unable to find any official source for the figure.
Its spokesperson stated: “We spoke to HMT and they have informed us the figure quoted is not based on any analysis produced by Treasury officials.”
The ministerial code, by which all Government Ministers must abide, states: “It is of paramount importance that Ministers give accurate and truthful information to Parliament, correcting any inadvertent error at the earliest opportunity.”
Mr Speaker, I would be grateful if you advised me how we can get the Deputy Prime Minister—who will be back next week—to correct the record.
May I say that you have absolutely put that point on the record, and I think you have made sure that it has been corrected for the record?
I have no responsibility for this; the responsibility lies with a Minister to correct an error and to ensure that they do so, as you quite rightly say, at the earliest opportunity.
I am sure that Ministers on the Treasury Bench have heard that, and I am sure that the Minister responsible will want to correct it ASAP.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to publish revised guidance on the deployment, visibility and signing of speed and red-light cameras for traffic enforcement; to require that guidance to include amended site selection criteria for safety cameras, including a lower threshold for the number of collisions in which a person is killed or seriously injured; to require that guidance to provide for a process by which local communities can express support for the installation of safety cameras in areas of concern; and for connected purposes.
A 2007 circular from the Department for Transport recognised speeding as one of the “most significant dimensions of unlawful, disorderly and dangerous road vehicle use”.
It provided key guidance on the use of speed and red light cameras for traffic enforcement to improve the safety of road users and pedestrians.
It encouraged changes in driver behaviour, paved the way for local authority partnerships to support their communities and outlined criteria for site selection to help decision making regarding any new cameras.
I want to get ahead of the keen journalists in the Gallery and confess that I currently have three points on my licence for speeding, but I emphasise that I was caught by a camera and modified my behaviour—proving that cameras do, in fact, work.
Fifteen years on from the introduction of the guidance, speeding motorists are arguably the No. 1 local issue highlighted across Dewsbury, Mirfield, Kirkburton, Denby Dale and, I am told, many of my colleagues’ constituencies.
Alongside the concerns that my constituents regularly raise, that is something I have seen myself, with the Dewsbury ring road in particular occasionally resembling an Indy 500 track.
Speeding became significantly more noticeable during the pandemic, when fewer people were driving, with some drivers taking advantage of the emptier roads to drive at reckless speeds.
I pay tribute to West Yorkshire police for all the work it continues to do to keep our roads safe, but it cannot be everywhere at once, especially given the vast expanse of rural roads.
According to the current guidance, the primary objective of camera deployment is to reduce deaths and injuries on roads, with a study conducted by the London School of Economics finding that, from 1992 to 2016, traffic enforcement cameras reduced accidents by between 17% and 39%, while reducing fatalities by between 58% and 68%.
Since April 2009, the criteria for fixed and mobile camera deployment have been based on the number of accidents in which someone is killed or seriously injured, with a scoring system in which each KSI accident scores five points and each slight injury accident scores one point.
Sixty-five people died and more than 5,000 people were injured in collisions on the roads of West Yorkshire last year.
The majority of these collisions were entirely preventable, with excessive or inappropriate speed being one of the most common factors in fatal and serious injury collisions.
However, the guidance in West Yorkshire still requires at least three people to be killed or seriously  injured within a three-year period—at least three people need either to die or suffer a serious collision, with potentially life-changing injuries—to satisfy just one of the criteria to install a speed camera.
This means that at least three families need to have their lives changed forever before a preventive measure can be implemented.
Between 2017 and 2021, nearly 700 collisions were reported on roads in my constituency.
Fifteen of those were on Liley Lane running through the middle of Lepton.
According to the current list of speed cameras provided by West Yorkshire safety camera partnership, there are no fixed cameras covering that road.
There were also 13 reported collisions on Huddersfield Road, running through Shelley and Skelmanthorpe.
There are cameras on nearby roads, but apparently none covering the road itself.
The local community continues to highlight concerns to me regarding those roads.
According to the local safety camera partnership, “community concerns are one factor which may result in the use of a camera provided there is evidence of a collision history and/or traffic survey revealing speed limit violations meeting the required threshold.
Local authorities will apply the criteria to determine whether the use of either fixed or mobile cameras is justified.”
Prevention is better than cure, so what is being done to support that?
As it stands, the 2007 circular appears keen to involve local communities concerned by the effect of high-speed driving in their area.
However, in the guidance and on the partnership and local authority websites, there is no structured, signposted point of contact for communities to reach out to, so complaints are consequently being made to local councillors, the police and local MPs.
The creation of standardised points of contact, for local residents across the UK to highlight where speed cameras would be useful, would be a crucial step in ensuring our constituents are heard and kept safe.
Rural communities notice and are most affected by speeding motorists, so it is vital that we create and implement an effective and straightforward channel they can use to encourage change.
I have therefore worked closely with community groups and village associations to understand and highlight the impact of dangerous driving in their area.
Alongside highlighting the concerns of Shepley village association  at Prime Minister’s questions last year, I have supported the campaigns of residents in Briestfield in Dewsbury and Upper Hopton in Mirfield to tackle speeding in their area by reducing the speed limit.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my team and the local councillors, who work hard to respond to these concerns and can then support the development of a coherent approach for local residents to highlight the issues publicly.
I have raised this issue in the House on multiple occasions.
In September 2021, I highlighted the need to change the guidance, with the Department for Transport promising a redrafted form of the 2007 circular by the end of the year.
I appreciate that much has changed over the past two years, but it would be fantastic if we could complete the redraft and implement a 2023 circular.
Finally, I want to assure colleagues that this Bill seeks not to give local authorities the green light—for want of a better phrase—to install as many cameras as they can as part of a revenue-generating scheme, but to reassure our constituents that they will be listened to and supported in making their communities a safe place to live, walk, cycle and enjoy.
Speeding traffic puts everyone at risk, whether they live in a built-up town or a more rural village.
We want our roads to be safe for everyone, but too often we hear about accidents or near misses where speed was a key factor.
I am introducing this Bill to bring down the points threshold, with a requirement for fewer serious accidents within the timeframe, and to establish a pathway for communities to petition for cameras, so that we can make sure that action is taken sooner and lives are saved.
I hope Members from across the House can agree that the continuous improvement of road safety is crucial to all our constituents, and I commend this Bill to the House.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Mark Eastwood, Jonathan Gullis, James Daly, Nick Fletcher, Kim Leadbeater, Shaun Bailey, Jane Hunt, Scott Benton, Ben Everitt, Jason McCartney and Katherine Fletcher present the Bill.
Mark Eastwood accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 342).
[Relevant documents: Third Report of the Welsh Affairs Committee, Nuclear energy in Wales, HC 240; Second Report of the Welsh Affairs Committee, Floating Offshore Wind in Wales, HC 1182, and the Government response, HC 1405; First Report of the Welsh Affairs Committee, Grid Capacity in Wales, HC 218 incorporating HC 1092, and the Government response, HC 1063; Second Report of the Welsh Affairs Committee of Session 2021-22, Renewable energy in Wales, HC 439, and the Government response, HC 756.]
Motion made, and Question proposed, That, for the year ending with  31 March 2024 , for expenditure by the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero: (1) further resources, not exceeding £11,749,854,000, be authorised for use for current purposes as set out in HC 1383 of Session 2022–23, (2) further resources, not exceeding £3,525,935,000, be authorised for use for capital purposes as so set out, and (3) the sum authorised for issue out of the Consolidated Fund be reduced by £3,200,982,000.—(Andrew Bowie.)
The debate will be opened by the Chair of the Select Committee on Welsh Affairs.
It is a privilege to open this afternoon’s debate on energy infrastructure at the start of this estimates day.
It is an important and timely topic for us to consider, and I am grateful to the Backbench Business Committee for selecting it.
I am also grateful to the colleagues from both sides of the House, and from different parts of the United Kingdom, who are here this afternoon to participate.
Energy is the lifeblood of the global economy.
The need for heat, light, and power is as old as humankind.
In the intensely complicated, fast-moving and interconnected world we now live in, efficient infrastructure supplying reliable and secure sources of affordable energy is the critical means by which we sustain our living standards and basic security.
For previous generations of policymakers, thinking about the affordability and reliability of our energy system was perhaps challenging enough, but in an age now when we better understand the far-reaching impacts of hydrocarbons on the atmosphere and our planet, and when threats to global energy supplies can cause sudden and devastating spikes in prices, the task of not just renewing but transforming our national energy infrastructure is monumentally important and difficult.
It should be at the very forefront of debate in this place.
The twin challenges of energy security and net zero have come together in a potent way in recent years, and I welcome the way in which this Government have moved quickly to respond to the changing landscape.
The energy security strategy paper, published in April  2022, highlighted the commitment to produce far more domestic energy.
More recently, the Government’s blueprint for the future of our energy mix, “Powering up Britain”, published in April, clearly sets out how we plan to diversify, decarbonise and domesticate energy production by investing in renewables and nuclear.
Over the last two years, the Welsh Affairs Committee has undertaken several inquiries into different aspects of energy policy and infrastructure, as they relate to Wales.
One might ask why the Welsh Affairs Committee is taking such an interest in energy, but it is simply because of the immense importance of energy to Wales and the Welsh economy.
Wales is not only a consumer of energy, but a primary producer and a gateway for energy imports and exports.
Furthermore, we recognise the potential economic opportunities that could accrue to Wales from future developments in renewable energy and nuclear energy.
Having completed an initial wide-ranging inquiry into renewable energy in July 2021, our Committee pursued three subjects in greater detail: grid capacity in Wales; nuclear energy in Wales; and floating offshore wind.
In doing so, we were acutely conscious of the fact that none of that was particularly niche or specific to Wales.
Indeed, much of the evidence we heard on all of those subjects has direct read-across to other regions and nations of the United Kingdom.
In the time I have available, I would like to touch briefly on the key outputs of the three inquiries and highlight some ongoing challenges.
I commend the right hon.
Gentleman for bringing this debate forward.
As Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee, he is talking about Wales, but he also mentioned that all of the United Kingdom should benefit in this area.
Will that be from the three options that he put forward or will it be from tidal energy, which we could do more on in Northern Ireland?
Does he feel that when it comes to bringing forward a strategy for this House today, it is about what happens not only in Wales or England, but in Scotland and Northern Ireland?
It is about what happens collectively, because we should all benefit.
Therefore, a strategy has to come from this place, but it must be driven out to all the regions of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland collectively.
As ever, the hon.
Gentleman is correct: we are one United Kingdom.
Of course, on energy on the island of Ireland there are interconnections with the Republic, but with the changing nature of our energy system, the economic opportunities for investment, job creation and industrial renewal are enormous for all parts of the UK—for Northern Ireland, Wales, England and Scotland.
I wish to touch briefly on the key outputs of the three inquiries I mentioned.
First, on grid capacity, we are talking about the network of power lines, pylons and interconnectors that transport electricity generated to areas of demand.
That is a critical piece in the energy infrastructure puzzle, not just in Wales, but for all parts of the UK.
The issue should keep Ministers awake at night, because it was clear from our inquiry that the entire way in which grid enhancements and new connections are delivered is not fit for purpose, given the imperatives of UK energy policy.
I recognise the steps that have been taken by the Government and the National Grid Electricity System Operator.
With the appointment of Nick Winser as the UK’s first electricity networks commissioner, the Government are taking steps to address the challenges.
However, if we think about the increase in the speed of delivery and consenting that is required if we are to see the renewal of our national grid in the way we need in the years ahead, we see that we need a much more significant step change in the pace of activity.
rose— I give way to the Chairman of the Select Committee on Energy Security and Net Zero.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point there.
One other issue to address is the plethora of zombie projects that are clogging up the system, which do not make it easy for anybody.
Identifying them is not easy either—I do not pretend it is, but I wanted to bring that to his attention.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for bringing that to the House’s attention.
There are currently about 200 GW of projects on the books.
Many of those are zombie projects, as he describes them, that will not come to fruition and so are clogging up the system.
The Government need somehow to get rid of those projects in order to focus on areas where we know there will be investment, and to encourage an anticipatory investment approach that will deliver the new infrastructure we need in a timely way.
Otherwise, we will end up developing a renewable technology and a system able to generate clean energy, but we will not have the grid to get it where it is needed.
Secondly, on nuclear energy, our inquiry confirmed that there is a broad consensus between the UK Government and the Welsh Government on the role that nuclear should play in achieving the UK’s net zero targets and ensuring domestic energy security.
The majority of our witnesses were in favour of new nuclear energy generation in Wales, and I am pleased to say that the Committee agreed that nuclear energy has a strong role to play in a mix of low-carbon sources.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ynys Môn (Virginia Crosbie)  for the role she played on the Committee, as well as in her capacity as a constituency MP, in championing nuclear energy for Ynys Môn.
There has been no more energetic and active Member of Parliament for Ynys Môn that I can remember—she has done a great job in championing her constituency.
Our report carries and reflects much of the positivity that my hon.
Friend brought to the subject.
We heard strong evidence about the suitability of the Wylfa site on Ynys Môn for a new gigawatt-scale reactor.
In fact, we do not believe that the Government will meet their targets for increasing nuclear power without building that large-scale nuclear plant at Wylfa.
We recognise the progress that the Government have made in establishing Great British Nuclear and bringing forward the regulated asset base model for securing investment in new nuclear.
However, despite that positive progress, a new nuclear power station at Wylfa in north Wales is not in the bag.
When I was in Government 10 years ago, we championed a new nuclear power station at Wylfa.
Ministers were sent for photo opportunities there and to meet potential investors, but it did not happen.
I know that the community in Ynys Môn, represented by my hon.
Friend, feels disappointment because it has had its hopes raised and dashed in the past.
We do not want that to happen again, so I implore the Minister to hear the arguments about Wylfa.
I know he feels passionate about the subject and will discuss these issues with Government colleagues.
Did any of the witnesses point out the eye-wateringly high cost of new nuclear, as well as how painfully slow the process will be, given the amount of time it will take for it to be up and running?
With the best will in the world, it is unlikely that there will be a new big nuclear power station until the early 2030s.
Given the Government’s own target to decarbonise the electricity supply by 2035, nuclear will be unable to play much of a part in helping us to achieve that.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point.
Investment in large-scale nuclear, or even small modular reactors, is a longer-term feature of our energy system, as the Government’s “Powering up Britain” report recognised.
In fact, the Government’s targets for increasing nuclear are for 2050, not 2030.
On the cost of nuclear, yes, those points were made to the Committee.
We made sure that we had an evidence session to hear from Friends of the Earth and others who are opposed to nuclear per se.
We heard their strong arguments about their belief in an energy system entirely comprising of renewable and power storage technology in the future, but we also heard strong evidence that the technology for that does not yet exist.
We have to stay in the real world, so nuclear, which has been tried and tested over the long term as a provider of cheap and reliable power, is an important part of our future energy mix, in conjunction with other energy sources.
I was going to make a similar point to that made by  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas) .
The right hon.
Gentleman is talking about not relying on future technologies, but SMRs are future technologies—he has admitted that they use technology that does not exist at the moment.
How much does he estimate one large-scale new nuclear plant will cost, and how much would a fleet of SMRs cost, if they come to fruition?
I am going to disappoint the hon.
Gentleman, because I do not have those specific figures in the pile of notes I have brought with me.
However, those figures are out there and the evidence is there.
He is right that small modular reactors are a technology for the future and testing is still required, but that work is going on, and not just in the UK but in other countries.
It will be a technology for the future, so there is no point in us putting our heads in the sand and wilfully pretending otherwise.
I believe it will be a technology for the future, but a lot will depend on future costs.
Particularly on estimates day, are we really “putting our heads in the sand” when that technology is simply the most expensive?
In considering  Government expenditure, should we not be looking for a technology that produces clean energy and is the least expensive, not the most expensive?
The evidence we considered took in the entire life cycle of a nuclear power station.
Looking at the energy produced over 30, 40, 50 or more years shows that they give us a secure, reliable base load of affordable energy production.
People who oppose nuclear per se will not be persuaded on cost or on the efficiency of the technology; they will not be persuaded at all.