On the 75th anniversary of our NHS, created by Welsh founder and Labour Minister Nye Bevan, may I thank, on behalf of Labour Members, all our NHS staff in Wales, past and present, for their dedication and public service?
Last week, the Department for Business and Trade published its report on foreign direct investment in Wales.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the Welsh Labour Government’s Economy Minister, Vaughan Gething, on his success in delivering economic growth through attracting an additional 3,000 jobs to Wales in the past year?
I think the hon.
Lady will be aware that both the Minister for Economy in Wales and the Department for Business and Trade work closely with embassies across the world to ensure that investors know about the enormous opportunities that exist in Wales.
I hope she will agree with me that that is testament to the fact that, while we may have political differences, on the issue of foreign direct investment, the UK Conservative Government and the Welsh Labour Government both enjoy working constructively together.
I am pleased to hear the Secretary of State’s response.
I am sure we can both agree that we want strong economic growth across Wales and the rest  of the UK.
The last Labour Government gave the go-ahead for new nuclear sites in 2009.
Nearly a decade on, none is up and running, and it is now two years since Hitachi pulled out of the Wylfa project.
Labour is ready to deliver new nuclear to ensure energy resilience, security and lower bills—[Interruption.]
What have the Government been doing?
When are they going to stop talking and start acting?
I am delighted that the hon.
Lady has set out that the Labour party now supports nuclear power.
It was not something that was evident to us when Labour was in opposition a few years ago.
Labour had an opportunity over the 13 years it was in government to build nuclear power stations, but it is good that it has belatedly decided that it will support new nuclear power in Wales.
I can assure her that I am happy to work with the Welsh Labour Government and anyone else who is interested in making sure that Great British Nuclear can take forward sites such as Wylfa, which is an excellent site for new nuclear.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on new nuclear power sites in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on new nuclear power sites in Wales.
To continue the topic from the previous question, there are regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential for new nuclear in Wales.
This Government are launching Great British Nuclear to support our ambition to ramp up nuclear capacity in the UK to up to 24 GW by 2050.
GBN is actively working with the Government on access to potential sites for new nuclear projects.
Nuclear power has an important part to play in a balanced energy policy to provide energy security.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Wylfa is an ideal site not only to continue generating nuclear power, but to expand beyond it, because the reality is that without improving and continuing that site, nuclear power has to come to Wales?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Wylfa is one of the best sites in this country, if not in Europe, for nuclear power generation due to its optimal location and geology.
I am confident that the site’s potential to support our 24 GW target can be utilised.
I know it is a site that GBN is very interested in.
Nuclear power is an excellent and much-needed source of power, but when demand for energy decreases, that power is often wasted.
Has the Minister looked at any new Welsh nuclear power plants producing so-called pink hydrogen at times when electricity demands are low, so that we are not wasting that energy?
We recognise the important role of both nuclear energy and hydrogen in reaching our net zero goals.
We are committed to a nuclear future for Wales and so far this year I have visited the Wylfa site and Bangor University’s Nuclear Futures Institute.
My hon.
Friend is right to mention the importance of storing energy effectively.
Our 2021 hydrogen strategy laid out our intention to explore the use of electricity and heat from nuclear power stations to produce pink hydrogen.
Will the Minister confirm that there is not an approved small modular reactor design in the UK yet, so talking of installing SMRs at Wylfa and elsewhere is just fantasy?
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned SMRs; I know Great British Nuclear is looking into the importance of those to our future net zero contributions and there will be sites, I hope, across the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the delivery of freeports in Wales.