JORDANA ZUBKOFF FOR HER SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Jordana Zubkoff for

twenty years of outstanding service to this House in several

administrative and support roles.
She lives in Arlington, VA, and I am

proud to represent her here in Congress.
Ms. Zubkoff is retiring after having lent her talents and skills to

the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) for over twenty years.
She

started in the Immediate Office for the CAO in 2004, and has also

worked for the Finance Immediate Office, Budget Planning and Analysis,

and finally in the Office of Payroll and Benefits, starting in 2013.
Ms. Zubkoff has provided vast knowledge about payroll calculations

and impeccable attention to detail; her reconciliations, tax

calculations, and customer service in service to House offices and

employees, has helped to ensure that their employees have been paid

accurately while adhering to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and

U.S. House of Representatives standards.
Her expertise, experience, and

courteous attentiveness enabled her to be an invaluable asset to the

House of Representatives over the years.
Ms. Zubkoff is well respected

by her coworkers and colleagues.
Ms. Zubkoff is a big fan of traveling; she has gone on many trips

over the years including Panama, Australia, and a surprise birthday

cruise this year to South America.
Her favorite souvenirs from these

trips are jewelry made by regional artists with local materials.
In her

retirement, she plans to travel with her family, including her sister,

niece, and nephew.
I congratulate Ms. Zubkoff, and I ask my colleagues to join me in

thanking her for her distinguished service to the House and the Nation

it serves.
I wish her all the best as she begins this new chapter in

her life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SERGEANT KEITH DEUTSCH

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my constituent,

Sergeant Keith Deutsch, a veteran of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Sergeant Deutsch enlisted in the United States Army in the summer

following the attacks of September 11, 2001.
He rose through the ranks

quickly, earning five promotions and receiving the Army Commendation

Medal, the Bronze Star for Valor, and the Purple Heart.
In 2003, Keith was wounded by an enemy-fired rocket-propelled grenade

while serving as an M249 SAW gunner.
His squad leader, Staff Sergeant

Mark A. Lawton, was killed in the same attack.
Staff Sergeant Lawton

died never having lost a Soldier under his command.
He ran toward fire,

shielded his Soldiers, and led from the front.
A proud former Marine,

the Army was Staff Sergeant Lawton's retirement position.
After recovering from his injuries, Keith helped pioneer the sport of

adaptive snowboarding, competing on the World Cup Tour and in the

Winter X Games using prosthetics developed with the Department of

Veterans Affairs support.
Keith later returned to New Prague, Minnesota, and reopened his

father's business, Ron's Cycle Shop, as a Service-Disabled Veteran-

Owned Small Business.
Today, it supplies electric bicycles to

government agencies under contracts with the State of Minnesota and the

Department of Defense.
He is also the founder of the New Prague Area

Mountain Bike Park.
In October 2025, Keith will run both the Army Ten-Miler and the 50th

Marine Corps Marathon as an above-knee amputee in honor of Staff

Sergeant Mark A. Lawton.
Sergeant Deutsch's life and career is characterized by great personal

sacrifice and exemplary service.
He represents the best that this

country has to offer.
I thank him for his service and dedication to our

country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE AND RETIREMENT OF COLONEL DEREK C. OAKLEY, UNITED

STATES AIR FORCE

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.