I thank him for his service and dedication to our

country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE AND RETIREMENT OF COLONEL DEREK C. OAKLEY, UNITED

STATES AIR FORCE

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and honor Colonel Derek C. Oakley on the occasion of his retirement

from the United States Air Force, concluding an extraordinary career of

over two decades in service to our Nation.
Colonel Oakley most recently served as Commander of the 28th Bomb

Wing at Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Dakota.
Under his

instrumental leadership, the 28th Bomb Wing, home to the largest

operational B-1 combat wing, provided unmatched global strike

capabilities and remained a vital part of our national defense.
Since commissioning through Officer Training School in May 2000,

Colonel Oakley's record of service has been marked by excellence,

professionalism, and an unshakable commitment to duty.
Over the course

of his distinguished career, he logged more than 3,400 flight hours,

including 991 in combat.
His career has spanned key leadership roles in

operations, training, and strategic development.
He has commanded at multiple levels, served on the Joint Staff, and

played a vital role in the development of the B-21 Raider, shaping the

future of American airpower.
His service has been recognized with many

decorations, including the Legion of Merit, the Defense Meritorious

Service Medal, and multiple Air Medals.
On behalf of a grateful state and Nation, I thank Colonel Oakley for

his decades of honorable service.
We in South Dakota are proud to call

him one of our own, and we wish him and his family all the best as they

begin this new chapter.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the

remarkable career and retirement of Colonel Derek C. Oakley.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, on Monday, June 23, 2025,

I was otherwise detained in South Carolina.
Had I been present, I would

have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
172; YEA on Roll Call No.
173; and YEA

on Roll Call No.
174.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EPSILON SIGMA'S 10TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commemorate

the 10th Anniversary of the Epsilon Sigma Boule of Sigma Pi Phi

Fraternity, based in Prince William County, Virginia.
Since its

founding on June 13, 2015, Epsilon Sigma Boule has exemplified the

highest standards of leadership, scholarship, and community service.
Sigma Pi Phi, also known as the Boule, is the oldest Black Greek-

letter fraternity, established in 1904 to provide a space for African

American men of professional distinction at a time when few such

outlets existed.
Its legacy includes names etched into the very fabric

of American history--W.E.B. Du Bois, Martin Luther King, Jr., Arthur

Ashe, Whitney Young, and so many others whose contributions have shaped

our Nation.
Today, its ranks continue to include influential leaders

such as Representatives James Clyburn, Bobby Scott, Emanuel Cleaver,

and Senator Raphael Warnock.
The Epsilon Sigma Boule of Sigma Pi Phi was established to advance

this rich legacy in Northern Virginia.
Its members are African American

men of accomplishment and service, representing diverse professions and

industries.
Together, they have embodied the Fraternity's founding

mission by working diligently to uplift and empower their communities

through servant leadership and civic engagement.
Through the Epsilon Sigma Boule Foundation, the fraternity has

invested substantially in initiatives that serve the greater good--

mentoring youth, increasing access to STEM education, supporting the

performing arts in Title I schools, and providing college scholarships

for deserving minority students.
These actions reflect a commitment not

only to excellence, but to ensuring equity and opportunity for all.