Together, they have embodied the Fraternity's founding

mission by working diligently to uplift and empower their communities

through servant leadership and civic engagement.
Through the Epsilon Sigma Boule Foundation, the fraternity has

invested substantially in initiatives that serve the greater good--

mentoring youth, increasing access to STEM education, supporting the

performing arts in Title I schools, and providing college scholarships

for deserving minority students.
These actions reflect a commitment not

only to excellence, but to ensuring equity and opportunity for all.
As the Epsilon Sigma Boule celebrates a decade of excellence, we

honor its enduring mission and the transformational impact it continues

to have in Prince William County and beyond.
They have exemplified

principled leadership and civic responsibility, carrying forward the

Fraternity's mission with purposeful action and a steadfast dedication

to community advancement.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the 10th

Anniversary of the Epsilon Sigma Boule of Sigma Pi Phi Fraternity and

in celebrating the tremendous work this organization continues to do to

strengthen our communities and shape the future of our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHELLE NUCKOLS

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michelle Nuckols

for being named the 2025 Cattlewoman of the Year by the Tulare County

Cattlewomen's Association.
Michelle moved to Visalia, California in 1975 with her parents at the

age of six.
She discovered her love for agriculture in high school

through Mt. Whitney High School's FFA program, where she quickly

immersed herself.
Her involvement in FFA inspired her to pursue a

career in agricultural education, leading her to attend the College of

the Sequoias and later Fresno State University.
While at Fresno State,

Michelle met her husband, Justin Nuckols, who came from a farming

family in Porterville.
The two married in 1995 and made their home near

Justin's family farm.
Following graduation, Michelle began teaching at

Tipton Elementary, where she has now served for over 29 years.
In

addition to teaching English, she offers an agriculture elective that

introduces students to FFA and Supervised Agricultural Experience (SAE)

projects.
Her class includes hands-on lessons about dairy and beef

cattle, visits to local farming operations, and a variety of

experiences designed to connect students to agriculture.
Michelle also

has a deep passion for photography, which has inspired her to preserve

the farming traditions of Justin's family farm through the lens of her

camera.
She captures branding events, assists in tagging calves, and

most importantly, ensures that donuts and cold drinks are available for

all who attend.
Since Justin's unexpected passing in 2022, Michelle has taken on a

more active role in the family's cattle operation alongside her sons,

Tanner and Carson.
She also joined Tulare County Cattlewomen,

continuing her lifelong support for agricultural education and honoring

Justin's legacy through advocacy and community involvement.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Michelle

Nuckols on being awarded Tulare County's 2025 Cattlewoman of the Year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 26, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.