As a lifelong Manchester resident, Barbara dedicated her career to

public service and giving back to her community.
She has spent twenty-

five years teaching at Hillside Middle School, the same institution she

attended for middle school, and she spent her final year teaching at

Weston Elementary.
She also previously served as a school bus driver in

Bedford.
She has left a lasting impact on the students she has worked

with over the years and will be greatly missed by students and staff

alike.
Barbara is not only a diligent public servant but also an individual

of outstanding character and passion.
She committed tireless days to

ensuring that the students of the Manchester School District were given

the care and resources they needed to thrive and grow into successful

young adults.
In all, Barbara Kulig represents the very best of America's public

servants--dedicated, thoughtful, and unwavering in her commitment to

service to others.
On behalf of a grateful district, I want to

congratulate Barbara on a well-deserved and restful retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DON HEWITT

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

and commend Mr. Don Hewitt, a trailblazer in sustainable urban

development and a visionary entrepreneur whose work has made a

transformative impact on communities throughout Jackson, Mississippi,

and beyond.
Mr. Hewitt is the founder and owner of Advanced Technology Building

Solutions (ATBS), established in 2004 and headquartered in Jackson.
With more than 20 years of experience in real estate development and

urban planning, Mr. Hewitt has consistently prioritized community-

centered solutions that emphasize walkability, environmental design,

and economic opportunity.
Under his leadership, ATBS has emerged as a leader in mixed-use

developments that integrate green spaces, affordable housing, retail

accessibility, and local business engagement.
The company's initiatives

frequently involve partnerships with public housing authorities,

nonprofit organizations and government entities--leading to the

revitalization of underutilized spaces into vibrant, inclusive

neighborhoods.
Currently, ATBS is collaborating with the West Jackson Community

Development Corporation and the Jackson Medical Mall Foundation to

implement an innovative urban streetscape project in West Jackson.
This

development will offer affordable workspace for local entrepreneurs and

startups, fostering economic opportunity and nurturing local talent.
Mr. Hewitt's commitment to sustainability extends beyond physical

infrastructure.
As a participant in the AI Business Accelerator Cohort,

he is integrating artificial intelligence into project planning to

optimize sustainability metrics and enhance community engagement.
His

forward-thinking approach ensures that urban development remains both

efficient and equitable.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Mr. Don Hewitt for his service,

leadership, and unwavering dedication to building a stronger, more

inclusive Mississippi.
His work exemplifies what it means to develop

with the community and for the community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
CRAIG WITHERSPOON

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

career and lasting contributions of a visionary educator and leader--

Dr. Craig Witherspoon.
Over nearly four decades in public education,

including ten transformative years as Superintendent of Richland County

School District One in Columbia, South Carolina, Dr. Witherspoon has

been a tireless champion for student achievement, equity, and

innovation.
His work has elevated not only the schools he served, but

the communities they anchor.
Dr. Witherspoon began his career as an instrumental music teacher and

steadily rose through the ranks as a principal, instructional leader,

and superintendent, with service in four states--Virginia, North

Carolina, Alabama, and South Carolina.
He took the helm of Richland One

in 2015, leading a diverse, urban-suburban-rural district serving more

than 22,000 students and employing 4,000 educators and staff.
Under his leadership, Richland One became a statewide and national

model of innovation.
The district launched South Carolina's first

Virtual School Program for high school students, as well as the state's

first high school commercial driver's license (CDL) training program

and firefighter training program.