Title: CELEBRATING THE TEN-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE OBERGEFELL MARRIAGE EQUALITY RULING; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
109

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE TEN-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE OBERGEFELL MARRIAGE

EQUALITY RULING

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

ten-year anniversary of Obergefell v. Hodges, a landmark U.S. Supreme

Court case that affirmed marriage equality nationwide on June 26, 2015.
This ruling positively impacted the lives of millions of LGBTQIA+

Americans and serves as a significant milestone toward equal rights for

all.
I wish to honor the legacies of Jim Obergefell, his late husband

John Arthur, and all the couples who brought the battle for marriage

equality to the steps of the United States Supreme Court.
Furthermore, I would like to honor the incredible activists--Marsha

P. Johnson, Bayard Rustin, Audre Lorde and Harvey Milk--who played

instrumental roles in fighting for LGBTQIA+ rights decades before this

case reached the Supreme Court.
To this day, their legacies inspire

Americans to advocate, celebrate, and respect the differences we have

as people to promote equal rights.
It is fitting that this anniversary

falls during Pride Month, a time to recognize the strength and

perseverance of the LGBTQIA+ community as well as a call to action for

equality.
Unfortunately, the Trump Administration and extremist Republicans are

attacking LGBTQIA+ rights around the country.
These extremists are

banning books that feature LGBTQIA+ characters from schools,

eliminating the suicide prevention hotline for LGBTQIA+ individuals,

rolling back civil rights protections, and undermining the health,

military service, and education of LGBTQIA+ Americans.
House

Republicans recently passed a dangerous bill out of Committee that

threatens to jail parents and doctors offering medically-affirming care

to trans youth.
Policymakers in Washington should not make private

health decisions for Americans.
LGBTQIA+ individuals are humans and

deserve equal civil rights protections under the law, autonomy, and

dignity.
I reject extremist efforts to promote hate and harm based on

who one loves or how they self-identify.
In the face of these intensified efforts to hurt LGBTQIA+

individuals, I promise to continue to fight for equal rights for

LGBTQIA+ Americans.
We must protect same-sex marriages and civil rights

laws for LGBTQIA+ individuals.
We must enact the Equality Act that

would amend the Civil Right Act of 1964 to prohibit discrimination

based on gender identity and sexual orientation.
We must enact my

bill--the John Lewis Every Child Deserves a Family Act--that would

prohibit any entity that receives federal child welfare funds from

discriminating against children, youth, or prospective adoptive or

foster parents based on religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender

identity, or marital status.
I am committed to continuing to support

legislation that protects the rights of LGBTQIA+ individuals because

everyone deserves the right to be who they are, free from

discrimination.
Celebration is an act of resistance.
In the face of an administration

that wants to reinvigorate injustice and discrimination against

LGBTQIA+ people, it is essential to celebrate our country's landmark

marriage equality ruling and Pride month and to commit ourselves to

ensuring that ``We the People'' includes all Americans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BARBARA KULIG'S RETIREMENT

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of Barbara

Kulig as she retires after twenty-six years of service with the

Manchester School District.
Barbara has dedicated her time as a

Paraprofessional to making a difference in students' education and

being involved within the community.
As a lifelong Manchester resident, Barbara dedicated her career to

public service and giving back to her community.
She has spent twenty-

five years teaching at Hillside Middle School, the same institution she

attended for middle school, and she spent her final year teaching at

Weston Elementary.
She also previously served as a school bus driver in

Bedford.