He took the helm of Richland One

in 2015, leading a diverse, urban-suburban-rural district serving more

than 22,000 students and employing 4,000 educators and staff.
Under his leadership, Richland One became a statewide and national

model of innovation.
The district launched South Carolina's first

Virtual School Program for high school students, as well as the state's

first high school commercial driver's license (CDL) training program

and firefighter training program.
It was also the first in the state to

offer all 16 nationally recognized career clusters and establish a

certified pre-apprenticeship program.
His focus on early childhood

education expanded pre-K access and launched the ``ThriveRichland''

initiative for school readiness.
Dr. Witherspoon guided the district through the unprecedented

challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, implementing a comprehensive

reopening plan to ensure students could return safely to in-person

instruction.
Throughout his tenure, the district intensified family

engagement, boosted graduation rates beyond the state average, and

received system-wide accreditation with top-tier evaluation scores.
He also prioritized summer learning through the district's Summer

SOAR program and oversaw over $30 million in federal magnet school

grants, as well as major investments in school facilities--from

upgraded athletic stadiums to new academic wings focused on culinary

arts, Montessori, and language immersion.
Dr. Witherspoon's leadership was recognized with numerous awards,

including 2024 Superintendent of the Year by the South Carolina

Alliance of Black School Educators, 2022 Superintendent of the Year by

the S.C. Athletic Administrators Association, and Administrator of the

Year by several professional education associations.
Under his

guidance, the district and its schools received a remarkable list of

accolades--from National Blue Ribbon recognition to national awards for

health, energy conservation, and inclusive education.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in honoring

the extraordinary service of Dr. Craig Witherspoon.
His career

exemplifies the power of education to transform lives and communities.
He leaves behind a legacy of vision, integrity, and excellence that

will continue to shape South Carolina's future for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
ALNOLDO MOORE

HON.
CHARLES J. ``CHUCK'' FLEISCHMANN

Mr. FLEISCHMANN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Arnoldo Moore

on his retirement from the Social Security Administration after 30

years of distinguished service.
Mr. Moore began his career in September 1994 as a Service

Representative in Grand Rapids, Michigan, followed by assignments as

both a Claims Representative and Management Support Specialist.
In

August 2003, Mr. Moore transitioned to Social Security Headquarters in

Washington, D.C. serving as National Public Affairs Specialist, Human

Resource Specialist, and Interactive Video Training (IVT) trainer, and

Systems Analyst.
While at headquarters, Mr. Moore was instrumental in

developing and revising scripts for IVT broadcasts aired nationwide.
He

provided leadership and training to new employees on related programs.
During his tenure in this role, Mr. Moore traveled the United States

engaging with groups such as disability services organizations and

Native American organizations.
He prepared meetings for both the

Commissioner and Acting Commissioner with White House staff to discuss

Social Security Administration initiatives.
From August 2003 through April 2025, Mr. Moore served in the

Chattanooga, Tennessee Field Office as a Public Affairs Specialist.
In

this role, Mr. Moore has served as constituent liaison to my office

providing outstanding service and support both to my district staff and

to my constituents.
Now, Arnoldo enters a new chapter in his life and is looking forward

to spending more time with his wife, Yaritza, and his children, Aniza

and Alejandro, while continuing to serve in our community.
It is with great honor that I recognize Mr. Arnoldo Moore for his

many years of public service to our Nation and our community, and I

wish him well in all new endeavors as he begins his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
JORDANA ZUBKOFF FOR HER SERVICE TO THE HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.