Lum was a member of the main landing force in northern

Okinawa.
By April 20th, the northern portion of the island was under

the control of the 6th Division.
With the northern portion secured,

Lum's unit took on new duties critical to

the war effort.
Lum assisted in maintaining the airstrip during the

day, guarding the airstrip from snipers and sabotage while in a foxhole

at night, and getting supplies to the southern portion of the island

where the Japanese had a stronghold.
When the war ended, Lum's unit was sent to China to guard Japanese

prisoners and help the Chinese repair their country.
For their service

in the Battle of Okinawa, the 6th Marine Division was awarded the

Presidential Unit Citation, the highest division award possible.
Corporal George ``Lum'' Atkinson was awarded the World War II Combat

Action Ribbon, the Asiatic Pacific Theater Ribbon, and the Good Conduct

Medal.
When he returned from World War II, he met and married the love of

his life, Mary.
They settled down in the small town of Gulfport,

Florida, where they raised three girls.
During this time, he joined the

Marine Corps Reserve.
He was called up for the Korean War and was

stationed at Camp Lejeune.
Always willing to serve his country and

community, Lum worked for 38 years at Florida Power as a lineman,

foreman, and switchman.
While at Florida Power, he played on the

company softball team.
Knowing his love for the game, one of his

coworkers asked him to help with Gulfport Little League around 1957.
He

started coaching and remained active on and off for almost 50 years,

serving as President, Secretary, Umpire, Scorekeeper, Manager, Coach,

and Groundskeeper.
He is still in touch with many of his players.
In

fact, at his 95th birthday party, about 30 of his former ballplayers

came to celebrate him.
In 2002, the City of Gulfport renovated the baseball fields at

Tomlinson Park, and because of his dedication and loyalty, they named

the new park ``Lum Atkinson Ball Fields.''
Caring about the City of

Gulfport, Lum was also a member of the Gulfport Volunteer Fire

Department.
He retired with the rank of lieutenant when the city

changed to a Fire Department with full-time firefighters.
When his wife

Mary and her sister, Catherine Hickman, founded the Gulfport Community

Players and the Gulfport Historical Society, Lum became a member of

both organizations.
Just as he was a dedicated member of the Gulfport

Little League, Lum was an active supporter and volunteer of those two

organizations Gulfport Community Players, Gulfport Historical Society,

and the Gulfport Little League continue to flourish today, contributing

to the vibrant community of Gulfport, thanks in no small measure to the

dedication of Lum Atkinson.
Please join me in appreciation for Lum Atkinson and all the men like

him, who selflessly defended our freedoms abroad and then came home to

build strong families and strong communities.
I thank Lum.
May God

Bless him and the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, yesterday I was delayed in

traveling to Washington, D.C. from South Carolina, and missed votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No.
177

(H.R. 7219), and YEA on Roll Call No.
178 (H.R. 7525).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AIRPORT DEDICATION CEREMONY IN HONOR OF MR.
DUANE SPALSBURY

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Airport

Dedication Ceremony in honor of Mr. Duane Spalsbury.
Mr. Spalsbury served as an officer in the Army Air Corps during WWII.
He served in the air force as a fighter pilot in the European Theater.
He flew a variety of planes including P47, P51, P38, P39 and P63.