However, the crescendo of his public service career occurred when

Tookie was elected as Liberty County Judge in 1994, the first person to

ever do so from Tarkington Prairie.
Throughout his tenure in this

position, Tookie remained committed to bringing jobs and industry to

Liberty County.
He championed many transportation projects in the area,

promoted fiscally conservative policies, and worked to help juveniles

turn their lives around.
In retirement, Tookie's role in local politics

was advisor and counselor to many elected officials, often filling in

as a substitute judge for surrounding Southeast Texas county judges.
One of Tookie's legacy projects was the State Highway 105 relief route

bypass in Cleveland.
For his work securing contracts, right-of-way, and

funding, the Texas Department of Transportation honored him with its

prestigious Road Hand Award in 2012.
Tookie married his high school sweetheart, Cordella Price Kirkham, in

1964 and had two daughters, Kem and Kehle.
His four grandchildren and

two great-grandchildren were the pride and joy of his life.
Mr. Speaker, I will always appreciate Judge Ira Lloyd ``Tookie''

Kirkham's support and friendship over the years.
I send my deepest

sympathy and prayers to his wife, Cordella, and loved ones.
He will

certainly be missed by all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF GEORGE ``LUM'' ATKINSON

HON.
ANNA PAULINA LUNA

Mrs. LUNA.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor George ``Lum'' Atkinson,

a veteran and dedicated community leader from Gulfport, Florida.
George was born on June 23, 1926, in Birmingham, Alabama, right

before the Great Depression.
As Tom Brokaw once said, ``the greatest

generation that ever lived.''
The oldest of 4 boys, he had only one

pair of shoes.
They were for school, Church, and any other fancy

occasion.
This meant basketball in the school gym was played barefoot

or in socks.
When he was nine years old, he was hit in the head with a

baseball bat and had to stay in bed for six months.
He would spend his

days in bed shooting bbs into a metal tin with wax.
Every evening, his

father would melt the wax, pick out the bbs, and hang it back up in the

morning.
In the mid-1940s, Lum and his family had to leave the cold of Alabama

for the warmth of Arizona or Florida due to his brother's asthma.
They

had been to Florida before to visit family, so they landed in Treasure

Island and began their lives on the Gulf Coast.
He and his family

became a part of the community and became the first six members of

Church by the Sea in Madeira Beach, Florida.
Lum was a student in high

school when World War II began.
As a senior at St. Petersburg High

School, Lum decided to drop out of school and enlist in the Marines to

defend our country.
Since he was only 17, his parents had to give their

permission.
His mother was against his early enlistment, wanting him to

get his diploma before enlisting.
She made him promise that he would

get his diploma when he returned after the war was over.
So, after the

war, he returned to St. Petersburg High School to get his degree.
When

you make a promise to Momma, you keep it.
Lum was an excellent marksman during World War II.
He went to Hawaii

in the 2nd Division, then transferred to the 6th Division to

participate in the Battle of Okinawa.
On April 1, 1945, the invasion of

Okinawa began.
Lum was a member of the main landing force in northern

Okinawa.
By April 20th, the northern portion of the island was under

the control of the 6th Division.
With the northern portion secured,

Lum's unit took on new duties critical to

the war effort.