To this day, Tim is

an active booster of the Pioneer Football Program and started the

Pioneer Academic Athletic Fund.
His own athletic talents on the field

earned him a position on the University of Michigan Football Team, a

premier educational institution which he would graduate from with a

bachelor's degree in economics and a Master of Business Administration

degree.
Tim is not only a former Chief Executive Officer, board member for

major business organizations, and longtime supporter of our community's

educational institutions, but has also contributed significantly to our

state's natural resources conservation.
As Chair of the conservation

group, ``The Wolfpack'', Tim was instrumental in leading various

conservation and environmental groups to accomplish the organization's

goals.
The Wolfpack is composed of some of our state's leading

organizations in environmental work, but Wolfpack's impact has also

extended past local efforts to advocate that Congress take action to

protect our land and waterways from contaminants, to support wildlife,

and to preserve our Great Lakes.
As Chair, Tim was responsible for

leading this coalition that continues to do invaluable work for our

natural at areas.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Timothy

Wadhams for his dedication to conservation, philanthropy, and community

development in the Ann Arbor regional area.
I thank Tim.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VANASSA ALEX RADCLIFFE

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Vanassa Alex

Radcliffe for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Vanassa has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Vanassa, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Vanassa's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Vanassa Alex Radcliffe on achieving

the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.