Title: CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF DELL COMPUTERS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
79

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF DELL COMPUTERS

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor and celebrate

Dell Technologies' 40 years of remarkable service.
Founded on May 3,

1984, by Michael Dell in a dorm room at the University of Texas, the

company has made a monumental and lasting impression toward making

Central Texas a great place to call home.
The impacts Dell Technologies

has made not only on the region by also the state are impeccable and I

am honored Dell Technologies calls Round Rock home.
Throughout their years of service, Dell Technologies has become a

global leader in innovation and a critical economic engine for Central

Texas.
During their many years they have remained devoted to their

mission of making technologies that drive human progress.
While having

their headquarters in Central Texas, Dell Technologies has been able to

provide high paying jobs, make economic opportunities, and support our

district's growth.
Dell Technologies has made enormous contributions to

the technology revolution that has defined our changing times, bringing

growth and prosperity to Central Texas.
Dell Technologies has touched countless lives for the better and

continues to make a positive impact on those it is dedicated to serve.
I am proud to help celebrate 40 years of this incredible organization,

and to join Central Texas in wishing this amazing company nothing but

the best in the decades to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDGE IRA LLOYD ``TOOKIE'' KIRKHAM

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of my long-

time friend, Ira Lloyd ``Tookie'' Kirkham of Tarkington Prairie, Texas,

who passed away on April 29, 2024.
Tookie dutifully served the

residents of Liberty County for twelve years as county judge before

retiring in 2006.
He was a patriarch in the surrounding community, a

wonderful mentor to many, a fantastic athlete, and a devoted public

servant.
Tookie was born on August 26, 1942, in Cleveland, Texas, to Ira Joe

Kirkham and Bobbie Chapman Kirkham.
The family later moved to

Tarkington Prairie, where Tookie attended Tarkington High School,

excelling in

many different sports.
His athletic accomplishments in high school

earned him nine college scholarships, a state championship in the high

jump, and All-State honors in football and basketball.
After graduation

in 1961, Tookie attended the University of Corpus Christi on a

basketball scholarship.
Nevertheless, he remained a staunch supporter

of Tarkington ISD and Tarkington athletics for the rest of his life.
Following college, Tookie accepted a job as a lineman with

Southwestern Bell but soon moved on to work at Jefferson Chemical

before spending many years at Texaco.
During that time, he also started

a second career in public service, beginning with an appointment on the

Dairy Day Board in 1968.
Tookie went on to hold many other public

service positions, including serving on the Tarkington School Board,

the Cleveland Bank and Trust Board of Directors, the Soil and Water

Conservation District, the Trinity River Board, and the Yettie-Kersting

Hospital Board.
He was also an involved member and leader at Oak Shade

Baptist Church, the Greater Cleveland Chamber of Commerce, the

Cleveland Rotary Club, and the Tarkington Prairie Masonic Lodge No.
498.
However, the crescendo of his public service career occurred when

Tookie was elected as Liberty County Judge in 1994, the first person to

ever do so from Tarkington Prairie.
Throughout his tenure in this

position, Tookie remained committed to bringing jobs and industry to

Liberty County.
He championed many transportation projects in the area,

promoted fiscally conservative policies, and worked to help juveniles

turn their lives around.