God bless Texas, and God bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAPE VERDEAN INDEPENDENCE BIKE RIDE AND THE 50TH

ANNIVERSARY OF CAPE VERDE'S INDEPENDENCE

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Cape

Verdean Independence Bike Ride as community members from across

Southeastern Massachusetts and the country gather in New Bedford to

celebrate the 50th anniversary of Cape Verde's independence.
This deeply meaningful and historic ride not only commemorates Cape

Verde's independence from Portugal on July 5, 1975, but also celebrates

the enduring strength, pride, and unity of the Cape Verdean-American

community in New Bedford and beyond.
The annual ride is a powerful

intergenerational tradition, bringing families and neighbors together

on a shared journey of remembrance, cultural pride, and collective joy.
The Cape Verdean Independence Bike Ride was established by the Cape

Verdean Universal Development Association (CUDA), a grassroots

organization dedicated to promoting and preserving Cape Verdean

culture.
Under the leadership of Carleen Cordwell, then-President of

CUDA, along with support from early advocates David Andrade and

Benjamin ``Flip'' Rose and local organizations such as ``The Bomb,''

the ride first began as a fundraiser and community event in 1979.
Together, the group envisioned the event being more than a bike ride.
They imagined a celebration of identity and resilience; an act of

cultural preservation rooted in community involvement.
That vision took

shape with the help of the ride's dedicated founding members, including

Carleen Cordwell, Diana Duarte, Jeanne Depina, Corday Faith Rivera,

Buddy Andrade, Penny Santos, Susan Costa, Carol Pimental, Marilyn

Halter, Liz DiCarlo, Jim Ryan, Lolly Pina, June Pina, Marie Monteiro,

Debbie Santos Hudson, Jeanne Costa, Jackie Centeio, Bobby Grace, and

Kenny Riberio.
Their leadership and dedication laid the foundation for

a tradition that continues to flourish today.
The bike route guides participants throughout New Bedford's historic

West End and South End neighborhoods.
These neighborhoods, with deep

Cape Verdean roots, stand as testaments to the perseverance,

contributions, and cultural richness of Cape Verdean-Americans.
Riders

of all ages choose between a 13-mile journey through the city or a

three-mile route beginning at Monte's Park, named in honor of Private

First-Class Joseph J. Monte, the first Cape Verdean-American to receive

the Purple Heart Medal.
The annual bike ride fosters reflection on the struggles and triumphs

of Cape Verdean independence, while recognizing the community's ongoing

contributions to the cultural fabric of New Bedford and the nation.
The

ride ends at Hazelwood Park with a celebration of Cape Verdean culture,

featuring traditional food, music, games, and art.
From the soulful

sounds of morna and lively coladeira music to the sharing of culinary

traditions passed down by generations, the event is a proud expression

of Cape Verdean heritage.
Through movement, storytelling, and music,

the Cape Verdean Independence Bike Ride preserves cultural memory,

honors historical milestones, and promotes social connections across

generations.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing the 50th

anniversary of Cape Verde's independence and commending all who have

participated in and organized the Cape Verdean Independence Bike Ride

for their enduring contributions to preserving cultural heritage and

improving community life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF COLONEL CARLYLE ``SMITTY'' HARRIS

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

remarkable life and legacy of Colonel Carlyle ``Smitty'' Harris, a true

American hero.
Colonel Harris, a retired United States Air Force

officer, was 36 years old when his aircraft was shot down over North

Vietnam on April 4, 1965.
He became the sixth American taken as a

prisoner of war in North Vietnam.
Colonel Harris served this Nation with unwavering courage and

strength.
Following his capture, he endured more than eight years of

brutal conditions, including torture and starvation.
Yet, he never

yielded to his captors.