Through

a number of initiatives, LRCS has acted as a lifeline for so many

people throughout New Hampshire.
Whether through its Family Resource

Center, Sober Parenting Journey, or Home Assist programs, thousands of

Granite Staters are helped each year through this essential work.
These programs assist people with developmental disabilities,

acquired brain disorders, chronic illnesses, families with children,

and our aging population.
Community service organizations like LRCS

play a vital role in creating a positive environment where people can

grow and thrive in any stage of life.
Covering 24 towns, LRCS has been

a support system where people from across our communities can come and

get the resources they need.
I commend LRCS and its more than 300

employees for the important work they do every day to positively impact

people's lives.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I want to say thank you and congratulate LRCS on 50 years of

dedicated service to our state.
We are grateful for your commitment to

our community, and I look forward to continuing to support this life-

changing work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ROBERT L. ``BOB'' HANLEY

HON.
PETE STAUBER

Mr. STAUBER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary

life of Seaman Second Class Robert L. ``Bob'' Hanley, the last living

survivor of the USS Houston, a member of the U.S. Asiatic Fleet sunk by

the Imperial Japanese Navy in March 1942.
Seaman Hanley showcased

American grit, tenacity, and commitment in the fight against tyranny.
As one of only 368 crewmen out of 1,060 to survive the sinking of the

USS Houston, Bob Hanley faced unimaginable hardships as a prisoner of

war four years.
He endured the brutal Bataan Death March, where 64 men

from Company D of the 194th Tank Regiment came from my district.
Only

34 survived.
He was transported on ``hell ships'' to Singapore and

Burma, and he labored on the infamous Thai-Burma Death Railway under

conditions of starvation, torture, and beatings, without access to

medicines or supplies.
Battling dysentery, malaria, and pellagra, Bob's

resilience never wavered.
At liberation in August 1945, he was among

just 291 remaining survivors from the USS Houston.
Bob's service did not end with his Navy enlistment, which ended in

1947 after six years.
He continued serving his country by enlisting in

the U.S. Army for 15 years.
After his military career, he worked in

security at 3M for another 15 years, retiring in 1978 due to medical

reasons.
Throughout his life, Bob's deep faith as a devout member of the

Catholic Church of Saint Peter in Forest Lake, Minnesota, guided him

through the darkest times and brightest moments, serving as a

cornerstone of his strength.
On September 12, 2024, Seaman Second Class

Robert L. Hanley passed away at 102 years old.
May he rest in peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LISA ROSE'S 42 YEARS OF BROADCAST EXCELLENCE

HON.
ERIC BURLISON

Mr. BURLISON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lisa Rose, news

anchor at Springfield, Missouri's KY3 television station, who is

retiring after 42 years of broadcast excellence.
KY3 covers 32 counties

in southwest Missouri and northwest Arkansas.
Lisa's fascination with the news began as a 3rd grader who was

devouring the daily newspaper and increased even more when she was 10

years old and witnessed televised reports about the Vietnam War.
According to her, by the time she was in high school, she was truly

addicted to learning as much as she could about what was going on in

the world around her.
So, it was no great surprise when she graduated

from Bob Jones University in Greenville, South Carolina, with a

Bachelors degree in TV News.
Shortly after graduation, Lisa started her career as a general

assignment news reporter at KODE-TV in Joplin, Missouri.