Colonel Harris served this Nation with unwavering courage and

strength.
Following his capture, he endured more than eight years of

brutal conditions, including torture and starvation.
Yet, he never

yielded to his captors.
Instead, he put his military training into

action, using the Tap Code to communicate with fellow prisoners and

maintain unity, morale, and resistance.
After returning home, Colonel Harris continued his service, leading

and mentoring fellow airmen until his retirement from the Air Force in

1979.
His devotion to our Nation didn't end with his military career--

he remained deeply involved in his community, lending his time and

voice to numerous charitable and veteran-focused causes.
In recognition of his service, I was honored to introduce H.R. 208,

legislation that was signed into law by President Joe Biden in 2021,

designating the United States Post Office in Tupelo, Mississippi, as

the ``Colonel Carlyle ``Smitty'' Harris Post Office.''
That designation

serves as a permanent tribute to a man who embodied the best of

America.
Colonel Harris passed away in hospice care on July 6, 2025, at the

age of 96.
Today, we remember his extraordinary service, enduring

sacrifice, and lifelong commitment to his country and community.
He is survived by his wife, Louise; their three children;

grandchildren; and great-grandchildren.
May his legacy of honor, resilience, and patriotism continue to

inspire generations of Americans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE REMARKABLE CAREER OF CRAIG DELLIMORE

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

remarkable career of Craig Dellimore and to congratulate him on his

upcoming retirement from WBBM Radio in Chicago.
Craig has been a pillar of Chicago journalism for more than four

decades.
After studying journalism at Columbia University, he began his

career covering Washington politics for the Associated Press before

joining WBBM Radio in 1983.
For 40 years, Craig has exemplified the highest standards of fairness

and professionalism in political reporting.
As the host of the weekly

``At Issue'' radio show and Political Editor of WBBM News radio, Craig

has covered every aspect of Chicago and national politics.
Whether

interviewing elected officials or unpacking complex topics like

homelessness, mental health, and gun violence, Craig brings compassion,

clarity and an unwavering commitment to the truth.
His dedication to

integrity earned him the Lifetime Achievement Award at the Lisagor

Awards, recognition from the Illinois Associated Press, and widespread

respect across the state.
Beyond the newsroom, Craig served his colleagues through leadership

in the Chicago chapter of SAG-AFTRA, as both President and Vice

President.
From the halls of Congress to Chicago's City Hall, Craig has been a

trusted voice guiding listeners through a turbulent political landscape

with clarity and insight.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to congratulate Craig Dellimore on his

retirement and to thank him for his outstanding service to journalism

and to the people of Illinois.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALAN BLEAM'S 40 YEARS OF SERVICE WITH PLUMSTEAD TOWNSHIP

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent from my district, Mr. Alan Bleam.
This year,

Alan celebrates his 40th year with Plumstead Township.
It is my

distinct honor to commend him for four decades of resolute service to

our community.
A lifelong resident of Plumstead Township, Alan truly embodies the

spirit of Plumsteadville.
From attending Gayman Elementary to Middle

Bucks Area Vocational Technical School, serving as a Junior

Firefighter, and achieving the rank of Eagle Scout, Alan has always

demonstrated a deep commitment to public service.
In 1982, Alan became an Active Member of the Plumsteadville Volunteer

Fire Company.
Just three years later, he took on leadership roles both

as Recording Secretary and First Lieutenant.
Over the years, Alan's

service with the fire company was marked by a deep sense of duty--a

reflection of his strong desire to serve and protect the community he's

always called home.