Title: CELEBRATING ROY DRINKARD'S 105TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
119

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ROY DRINKARD'S 105TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a special event that

is occurring to celebrate and honor an extraordinary American and a

dear personal friend: Mr. Roy Drinkard of Cullman, Alabama.
This event is scheduled to occur on Friday, July 11, 2025.
This will

be an event to celebrate Mr. Drinkard's 105th birthday as he personally

plans to welcome family, friends, and acquaintances to his home in

Cullman, Alabama.
Born July 12, 1920, Mr, Drinkard is the oldest living United States

Marine in the Nation, a proud veteran of World War II who served his

country with courage and who continues to inspire all who know him.
My wife, Caroline, and I plan to attend this momentous occasion and

celebrate with Roy and all those in attendance.
Mr. Drinkard remains actively engaged in his business and continues

to serve on the Board of Trustees of Troy University, demonstrating

that age is no barrier to leadership, commitment, or purpose.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and all of our colleagues pause for a

moment in celebration on Friday as we celebrate the man and the life of

Roy Drinkard and wish him a very happy 105th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOX METRO WATER RECLAMATION

DISTRICT

HON.
BILL FOSTER

Mr. FOSTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Fox Metro

Water Reclamation District as they celebrate their 100th anniversary,

marking a century of wastewater management and environmental

stewardship.
Founded in 1925 in Aurora, Illinois as the Aurora Sanitary District,

this institution was established to protect public health and preserve

the natural beauty of the Fox River from disease and pollution.
By 1929, this vision became a reality with the construction of a

wastewater treatment plant and supporting infrastructure.
Over the past

century, Fox Metro WRD has been a model of sustainability, fiscal

responsibility, and environmental stewardship.
The Fox Metro WRD has

continually invested in innovation from solar power and nutrient

reduction to recycling biosolids, restoring native landscapes, reusing

treated effluent, and recovering methane gas for campus and public use.
Fox Metro WRD now serves over 304,000 people across 90 square miles,

operating twelve pump stations and more than 100 miles of intersecting

sanitary sewers, They manage an 150-acre treatment facility where an

average of 36 million gallons of wastewater is treated daily, ensuring

the health and environmental protection of the Fox Valley region.
For 100 years, the dedicated public servants of Fox Metro WRD have

safeguarded public health, supported local economies, and helped

eradicate deadly diseases.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor the Fox Metro Water Reclamation

District's century of service, and I ask my colleagues to join me in

celebrating their remarkable contributions and continued commitment to

protecting public health and our environment.
I commend their vital

contributions and congratulate them on a century of service to our

communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF LAKES REGION COMMUNITY SERVICES

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 50th

anniversary of Lakes Region Community Services, a non-profit centered

around meeting critical needs in New Hampshire.
For more than 50 years, Lakes Region Community Services (LRCS) has

been a pillar for providing crucial services in New Hampshire.
Through

a number of initiatives, LRCS has acted as a lifeline for so many

people throughout New Hampshire.
Whether through its Family Resource

Center, Sober Parenting Journey, or Home Assist programs, thousands of

Granite Staters are helped each year through this essential work.
These programs assist people with developmental disabilities,

acquired brain disorders, chronic illnesses, families with children,

and our aging population.