In 1982, Alan became an Active Member of the Plumsteadville Volunteer

Fire Company.
Just three years later, he took on leadership roles both

as Recording Secretary and First Lieutenant.
Over the years, Alan's

service with the fire company was marked by a deep sense of duty--a

reflection of his strong desire to serve and protect the community he's

always called home.
In 1994, Alan assumed the role of Roadmaster for Plumstead Township,

eventually rising to become the Director of Public Works--a position he

holds with great pride to this day.
His efforts have been integral in

improving the township's infrastructure and ensuring the high standard

of living that residents have long depended on.
In recognition

of his contributions, he was named the Plumstead Township Employee of

the Year in 1998.
Yet, Alan's impact reaches far beyond his professional endeavors.
He

is a man rooted in community--his circle of friends from square

dancing, church, the fire company, scouting, and his own neighborhood

speak volumes about his caring character and connection to others.
He

unites the people of this community and strengthens the bonds that make

living in close-knit towns so special.
In 1991, Alan married his true love, the late Desiree Bleam.
Together

they shared 32 years of love, laughter, and devotion.
Alan stood by her

side through her 13-year battle with Scleroderma, providing unwavering

support and care, in both his personal and professional endeavors, Alan

was a committed man--committed to his family and community.
Today, I commemorate Alan Bleam for his 40 years of remarkable

service for our community.
His steadfast dedication to the betterment

of Plumstead Township continues to inspire us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THEODORE M. RENZ

HON.
NYDIA M. VELAZQUEZ

Ms. VELAZQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Theodore M.

Renz, who is retiring after nearly four decades of exceptional public

service as the Executive Director of the Myrtle Avenue Business

Improvement District (BID) in Ridgewood, Queens.
Throughout his

distinguished career, Mr. Renz has exemplified an unwavering commitment

to community development, small business, and neighborhood

revitalization, laying a strong foundation for a more vibrant community

for future generations.
Since the Myrtle Avenue BID's establishment in 1988, Mr. Renz has

been at the helm, guiding it through transformative growth.
Recognizing

the vital role that small businesses play in New York City's economy,

Mr. Renz has worked tirelessly to ensure that the BID serves as an

accessible and indispensable resource for local entrepreneurs.
Under

his leadership, the BID supports more than 300 businesses along a mile-

long stretch of Myrtle Avenue, providing essential services including

sanitation, public safety, beautification, and marketing that fosters a

robust and welcoming commercial corridor.
Mr. Renz's tenure is marked by numerous accomplishments.
He

spearheaded major urban improvement projects, including a $2.4 million

streetscape enhancement for Myrtle Avenue and played a pivotal role in

helping secure a $55 million upgrade of the Myrtle-Wyckoff transit hub,

enhancing accessibility for thousands of daily commuters and consumers.
As an advocate for open space, he successfully championed the

conversion of underutilized spaces into public plazas for the

community.
Today, the BID corridor is home to four new public plazas

enjoyed by all.
As a lifetime resident of Ridgewood, Mr. Renz public service extends

beyond the BID.
He has served as Executive Director of the Ridgewood

Local Development Corporation (RLDC) and as a member of Queens

Community Board 5, consistently advocating for small businesses, public

safety, and quality-of-life improvements.
His collaboration with city

agencies, elected officials, and local stakeholders has left a lasting

impact on the Ridgewood community.
As Mr. Renz embarks on a well-earned retirement after 37 years of

dedicated public

service, I extend my deepest gratitude for his leadership, and

unwavering commitment to strengthening the economic fabric of New York

City.