The Prime Minister knows that I set up and chair the caucus of 35 Conservative Members of Parliament who have Britain’s longest river flowing through their constituencies—the River Severn.
We have submitted a business case to the Chancellor for £500 million to finally tame the River Severn, and I know that his officials are currently looking at those proposals.
To tame the River Severn would lead to a gross-value-added uplift in the west midlands of over £150 billion.
The Prime Minister has seen this week the horrendous damage and misery caused in Shropshire and all the way along the River Severn by the river flooding yet again.
We really need to see in the spring Budget further assistance for communities such as mine finally to deal with these annual floods.
I start by saying that my thoughts are with all those affected by the devastating impact of Storm Henk and the flooding that we have seen over the past week or two, including those in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Action is already being undertaken under our six-year, £5.2 billion investment programme to better protect land across the River Severn catchment area and elsewhere, but I know the Minister responsible for flooding met my hon.
Friend, along with the Environment Agency, in his constituency just before Christmas to discuss the specific plans he mentions.
I know the Chancellor has received and started reviewing them.
I assure my hon.
Friend that the Environment Agency is working closely with other partners to explore his plans in more detail.
Since the outbreak of war in Gaza, over 23,000 Palestinians have been killed, including 10,000 children, and forced displacement is causing a humanitarian catastrophe.
There is intensifying fighting between Hezbollah and Israel, a crisis in shipping security in the Red sea, and the engulfing of neighbouring countries into a regional conflict.
De-escalation will occur only when hostilities cease in Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary said yesterday that he was “worried” Israel may have broken international law, and the International Court of Justice is opening hearings in The Hague this week in relation to suspected breaches of obligations under the Geneva convention.
Will the Prime Minister make public the legal advice that our Government requested and  received on suspected breaches of international law by Israel and the implications for UK policy, including relevant arms exports?
We continue to call for international humanitarian law to be respected and for civilians to be protected.
That is what our current legal assessment says is happening: that, as the Foreign Secretary outlined yesterday, Israel plans to act within international humanitarian law and has the ability to do so.
But we are deeply concerned about the impact on the civilian population in Gaza.
That is why we have trebled the amount of aid that we provide to the region, and just recently we sent our first maritime shipment of aid to Egypt.
A UK military ship delivered over 80 tonnes of new blankets and life-saving medical equipment for Gaza, and we are working with Jordan to find more land routes.
We will continue to do everything we can to support the vulnerable people who are being impacted by what is happening on the ground.
In my constituency, the new Hillingdon hospital has full planning permission and full funding and enabling works are well under way.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this new state-of-the-art hospital will uplift the health benefits for the residents of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, and will he join me in visiting the project site at a time when his diary allows?
My hon.
Friend has been a fantastic campaigner for the new Hillingdon hospital and I agree that it will provide fantastic care to him and his constituents.
I am pleased that planning permission and funding have now been granted for the site and that work is progressing.
I will look at my diary, but in the meantime I can tell him that my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary will be very happy to visit the project and see the significant progress for herself.
Last year, my constituents had to wait months for an election to be finally confirmed, with uncertainty repeatedly prolonged, seemingly out of self-interest.
This year, I did not expect the Prime Minister to be turning to my predecessor of all people for strategic inspiration but, if we are going to be waiting, I hope we can work together for a group in my constituency who really deserve support.
Will the Prime Minister meet some fantastic kinship carers in Mid Bedfordshire to talk through how we can progress the strategy to make it go further and faster and, crucially, why Bedfordshire might be a fantastic place for one of the proposed pilot areas?
I pay tribute to all kinship carers for the incredible work they do.
I would be happy to review the plans the hon.
Gentleman mentions and make sure Ministers have a look at them too.
I pay tribute to all those in his constituency and elsewhere who are doing a terrific job; in Government, as he knows, we are looking at ways we can support them further and we will continue to do so.