Order.
I call the Minister.
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s work in this area.
He is a tremendous champion for his constituency.
He will be aware that I spoke to the Scottish Government before I went on maternity leave.
I asked for an update on that work yesterday when I spoke to BDUK.
I understand that progress is being made.
I am anxious to get that sorted because Scotland is missing out and falling behind other parts of the UK.
That is not good enough and I want to help him to do everything he can to get this moving.
I have raised with the Minister over and over again the subject of the village of Bryncethin in my constituency, where three streets still do not have connectivity.
BT Broadband has now come in to do the work, which it says it will complete in 2026.
That is just not acceptable.
Will the Minister point out to BT Broadband again that the position needs to be rectified quickly, and that the work on those three streets should not take two years?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, things are changing in Wales because the Welsh Government are starting to take some of the contracts in-house.
That work is under way, but I am happy to look into  that specific issue with Openreach on his behalf, because I appreciate the frustration felt by his constituents.
Those Welsh Government contracts are being taken in-house because we think we will be better placed to deliver them.
When it comes to rural connectivity, nothing can be more important than connectivity for the emergency services.
Does the Minister agree that it is a disgrace that the emergency services network upgrade programme is seven years late and now has a budget of more than £11 billion, which is nearly 10 times its original budget?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the vital importance of ensuring that the emergency services network is up and running and that it is robust, particularly in rural areas.
I am not aware of the specific issues in his constituency—I am happy to look into them—but as far as I am aware, the programme is on track.
The shared rural network is key to improving mobile coverage in rural areas, but the maps showing the partial notspots certainly do not reflect the lived experience of my constituents.
What will the Minister do to improve the data that companies use for deciding where to put their improved services?
That is an important issue, and we have raised it with Ofcom because we share the hon.
Lady’s concern that the data is not good enough and is not being reflected in constituents’ actual experiences.
I am very alive to this problem and want it to be put right.
What steps her Department is taking to support innovation in the technology sector.
The science and technology framework is our clear plan for supporting innovation through our five critical technologies that underpin the future of the UK economy.
We have already committed significant investment to those technologies, including £2.5 billion for quantum, £2 billion for engineering biology and £1 billion for semiconductors.
We are also driving innovation through initiatives such as regulatory sandboxes, focusing on future skills and establishing a new digital markets regime to promote more dynamic competition in digital markets.
We have seen in recent years how much innovative technology can do to track down criminals, and we have seen, for instance, the use of drones in the war in Ukraine.
What some of us cannot understand is why we and the French cannot use more of this innovative technology to track down the criminal gangs who are herding people on beaches and putting their lives at risk.
Why can we not devote more resources to catching these people with new technology?