It is vital that Britain grasps the opportunity of AI to grow our economy and to modernise vital public services.
That relies on having a supply of highly trained staff.
However, the Government are failing in that.
Their AI scholarship scheme is floundering, with Ministers finding only 21% of the funding they promised.
Why has the Department failed?
When will the Secretary of State authorise an urgent review of this vital policy area?
Perhaps the hon.
Member missed my answer to the previous question, so I will indulge him by repeating it.
Since 2018, we have dedicated £290 million to AI skills.
That does not sound like a Government who are failing on that agenda.
Whether she is taking steps with Cabinet colleagues to help retain researchers from overseas who are working in the UK.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to encourage overseas researchers and innovators to come to the UK.
I hope that the hon.
Members and their party will join me in celebrating just what a fantastic place the UK is for international researchers to work and live.
We have one of the strongest science bases, the world’s leading universities and research institutions, and the largest ever public research and development budget.
With our association with Horizon from the beginning of the year, we are central to global research collaboration.
This year, the Migration Advisory Committee will review the graduate immigration route.
International research students who are currently doing PhDs in the UK are attracted to coming here because of the ability to stay on and work after completing their PhD. Will the Minister engage with the Home Office to  confirm that research students who arrive in the UK this year will continue to be entitled to a period of post-study work?
In keeping the UK an open and welcoming place to do international research, in order to deliver the Prime Minister’s vision of being a science superpower, my colleagues and I regularly meet Home Office colleagues.
The facts belie the hon.
Gentleman’s question: 41% of postgraduate research in the UK today is being conducted by researchers who have come from overseas.
The Government’s recent spousal visa policy to increase the salary threshold is forcing academics and innovators to leave.
I give the Minister the example of a British constituent of mine who is graduating from Oxford with a PhD, which is funded by UK Research and Innovation.
His American wife, who is graduating from Bangor with a PhD, cannot live with him because the job he has been offered is paid well below the salary threshold.
Why are the Government using taxpayers’ money to educate people to become highly qualified researchers if their immigration policy then forces them to leave?
A fair immigration policy is absolutely part of an open Britain.
It is right that those who come here from overseas and live cheek by jowl with those who clean their labs, drive their local buses and empty their bins do their fair share in contributing to the UK economy.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the reasons—[Interruption.]
Order.
When a Member is asking a question, other Members should wait or be seated.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the great strengths of our rejoining Horizon and the other European programmes is that our expert researchers and top professors will lead research teams that attract researchers from across the world, including the EU?
That is one way to retain researchers here.
My right hon.
and learned Friend makes an apposite point.
I would ask all Members of this House to go back to their constituencies and talk to local firms, innovators, clusters and universities to make sure the UK punches above its weight in the Horizon programme.
In my constituency, Phytome is a fantastic independent researcher of agro-pharmaceuticals.
I invite the Minister to visit the firm one day.
What more is he doing to ensure that we can attract the very best talent from around the world into life sciences, even in Cornwall.
I would be delighted to visit the innovative firm in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She will know about the global talent visa, which has seen a 76% rise in visas issued over the last year alone, welcoming the world’s best scientists to Britain’s science and technology superpower.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This year, my ministerial team and I will be laser-focused on delivery.
We will back the science and tech businesses that are growing the economy, creating new jobs and improving lives across our country.
We want to make sure that British people have the skills they need to take advantage of those jobs, and we also want to support innovative start-ups across our country to scale up here and stay in the UK.
We want to use regulation as a tool for innovation, by designing a transparent set of rules that encourage our entrepreneurs to be bold, and we want to ensure that the British people truly feel the benefits.
In advance of the Budget, what discussions has the Minister had with the Treasury regarding crucial funding for the development and uptake of human-specific technologies, as opposed to using 3 million animals for experimentation and research in the UK?
The day cannot come quickly enough when we are able to end the practice of animal testing.
That day is not now, but this Government are committed to doing everything we can to bring forward and support the development of replacement technologies.
The hon.
Gentleman has my commitment that we will do that at the right pace.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating SaxaVord on gaining its spaceport licence from the Civil Aviation Authority?
Does he agree that the site in Shetland will serve as a critical vertical launch site not just for the UK but for the rest of Europe and beyond, and as such is deserving of full UK Government support?
Yes, I congratulate SaxaVord on achieving the necessary licences to pursue vertical launches from Scotland.
I hope to see the success of that launch, as well as rocket boosters under the UK space programme in 2024.