The Horizon system was introduced by Tony Blair, the former Labour party leader and of course now a Knight of the Garter.
The Horizon system was defended by the current leader of the Liberal Democrats, himself a Knight Bachelor.
The Horizon system scandal was overseen by a former Conservative Prime Minister who now hides in the House of Lords as a baron.
The reality is that sub-postmasters never stood a chance against the Westminster establishment, did they?
As I have said, this is actually one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our country’s history.
All our thoughts are with those who have worked so hard for their communities and have seen their lives and reputations destroyed.
As the hon.
Gentleman pointed out, this scandal has unfolded over decades, with multiple people clearly at fault.
Since the High Court case in 2019, this Government have established a statutory inquiry led by Sir Wyn Williams to uncover what went wrong, established an independent advisory board and established three different compensation schemes paying out £150 million to more than 2,500 people, with now almost two thirds having received final compensation.
But we must go further and faster, which is why we have made new announcements today.
I do not think that the Prime Minister quite gets it.
This is not just a plague on all their houses; it is a plague on this House itself, because injustice goes far beyond the sub-postmasters—just ask the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign, the victims of the Equitable Life scandal, the victims of the infected blood scandal, or the families of the victims of Grenfell or Hillsborough.
The reality is that when the public come knocking on the doors of this Chamber seeking justice, the Government only ever answer when they have no options left.
The Leader of the Opposition said last week that the public are right to be angry at Westminster.
They are angry at Westminster because they know that this place never really changes, does it, Prime Minister?
I am sad that the hon.
Gentleman is trying to politicise something that has happened over multiple decades, with multiple people at fault.
The key thing is that after the 2019 High Court case the Government acted to establish an independent inquiry and independent compensation schemes, and as I said, we have paid out compensation to 2,500 people.
Rather than trying to politicise it, we should be focusing on the people affected and making sure that they get the answers, justice and compensation that they deserve.
That is what we are delivering.
I made a promise to a grandad in my constituency, after he told me that he had not dared to speak up when his grandson  came home saying, “Today, we were learning if we were in the wrong body.”
Draft schools guidance to support gender-questioning children was published just before Christmas and is out to public consultation, but given that we have all seen many individuals very publicly cancelled—losing their jobs, reputation and relationships for simply supporting biological reality or championing fairness, women’s safety or child protection—how will honest and open engagement be managed through this very important and sensitive consultation process?