Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question; I congratulate  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  on securing it.
This issue has rightly left the public outraged at the scale and shocking details of this injustice.
As I said on Monday, Labour believes the Horizon scandal to be one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in British history, where people lost their livelihoods, liberty and their lives; then, when trying to find justice, they were delayed at every turn.
It is unconscionable that, despite the landmark legal rulings, several years on people have still not been able to access the compensation that they are entitled to.
We are all united in this House in wanting the sub-postmasters to be exonerated in full—it is important to say exoneration and not a pardon, because a pardon implies guilt that is forgiven—and for them to receive compensation with urgency.
We recognise that that is not straightforward and the result may be imperfect, but this is an unprecedented scandal that requires an unprecedented response.
The alternative of not acting is even less desirable.
Labour stands ready to work with the Government to deliver a solution that achieves that long-awaited justice and compensation at pace.
May I thank the Minister for the ongoing conversations we have been having on this matter?
Can he guarantee that compensation payments will immediately follow any exonerations under the terms of the compensation schemes as they stand today?
Could he indicate a timescale for that?
I know he appreciates that victims cannot continue to wait years for payments.
Given what the Minister said about the implications of a blanket exoneration, we will need to consider what safeguards might be necessary, to ensure that, as best as possible, public money does not flow into the pockets of those who are not entitled to it.
He mentioned that people may be asked to sign a statement.
Will that be drawn up consistently with the work of the advisory board?
Crucially, we discussed on Monday the cases that have now been identified from the pre-Horizon pilot scheme, which are identical to those coming out of Horizon.
Will those cases be covered by any proposals that the Government bring forward?
Any plan that does not cover all convictions will rightly not command the full support of the House.
As the sub-postmasters—they must surely get the credit for these extraordinary measures—have repeatedly said, what matters now is getting compensation to people swiftly.
The whole House is united in its determination to deliver the justice, truth and compensation that has been denied and delayed time and time again.