The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the level of private investment in research and development in the last 12 months.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the level of private investment in research and development in the last 12 months.
This Government have a fantastic track record of mobilising private investment in research and innovation, alongside delivering the largest ever public spending, which will reach £20 billion a year next financial year.
In November, the global investment summit saw commitments to invest almost £30 billion in the UK, including the decision by Flagship Pioneering, one of the world’s leading life science investors, to have its first international base in the UK.
Hertford and Stortford lies at the heart of the innovation corridor, so private investment is very important to businesses in my constituency.
Does the Minister have any assessment of the likely impact of the Mansion House reforms on that trend and the great track record of private investment?
Like its Member of Parliament, Hertford and Stortford is indeed innovative.
The Mansion House reforms, which in my previous role I helped the Chancellor to deliver, will unlock an estimated £50 billion of investment to scale up high-growth companies across the whole United Kingdom, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
That sits alongside our £250 million initiative for long-term investment for technology and science—LIFTS—which will focus particularly on British pensioners investing in long-term growth opportunities in tech and the life sciences.
When it comes to British innovation, this Government are all in, and I hope that in 2024 financial institutions will be too.
In October, the Government announced the £60 million regional innovation fund to boost university support for regional economic growth.
Wales was allocated £3.4 million through the Barnett formula.
However, disappointingly, there is no evidence of that money  having been spent on its intended purpose in Wales.
What assistance can the Minister provide to encourage the Welsh Government to invest Wales’s proportion of the regional innovation fund in boosting the Welsh economy?
As my hon.
Friend said, the recently announced regional innovation fund is providing £60 million of funding across the United Kingdom to harness the strength of our universities.
It is intensely disappointing that the Labour Government in Wales have not seen fit to spend that in the same way.
Ultimately, that is a decision for the Labour Government, and I am sure that the electorate will hold them to account for that.
Private investment will need to ratchet up significantly if it is to offset the loss to the research sector that we are seeing as international student applications plummet as a result of Government policy.
What are the Minister and his colleagues doing to offset that decline in resources?
Once again, it is an enormous shame that the hon.
Member for the wonderful cluster of Cambridgeshire is so keen to talk down the United Kingdom at every opportunity.
This Government are mobilising more public funding for research and development than ever before, and mobilising private investment capital on the back of that—£2 for every £1 that the Government put in.
Yesterday I was talking to a Minister in the Lobby, and he referred to how impressed he was by the Northern Ireland workforce.
I am equally impressed, as the Member for Strangford.
When it comes to research and development across the United Kingdom, what is Northern Ireland getting to help our workforce grow, to train our people and to make us an integral part of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Having visited Northern Ireland, I am aware of just how innovative and highly skilled it is, and how much opportunity and headroom there is.
It is very important to me, as the Minister for Science and Research, that Northern Ireland punches above its weight.
I would be delighted to visit Northern Ireland to meet businesses, entrepreneurs and innovators there.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that vulnerable customers are supported when their phone lines are transitioned to the digital network.
On  14 December , I convened the UK’s leading telecom providers to discuss the next steps to protect vulnerable households when providers upgrade phone lines.
As a result, telecom providers have now signed a charter, committing to concrete measures to protect vulnerable households.
This is a positive step by industry to make sure that safety continues to be at the heart of the nationwide switchover.
A concern about the new digital network for vulnerable people in North West Norfolk who rely on personal alarms in emergencies is loss of service  in a power cut.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that those welcome new protections deliver robust back-up plans in such circumstances, and that they are clearly communicated to customers?
I absolutely agree that the power resilience of our digital infrastructure is key to keeping people connected.
As part of signing up to the voluntary charter, the main communication providers have promised to work towards providing more powerful back-up solutions that go beyond Ofcom’s minimum requirements.
I have had multiple conversations with Ofcom on this matter.
It is now consulting, with the aim of further strengthening the UK’s resilience on power cuts.
Rural connectivity remains a huge problem in my constituency.
As the Secretary of State said, the charter has been introduced.
However, it was introduced over a year into the process, when things had already gone wrong.
What is she going to do to rectify that?
I would like to correct the hon.
Member.
The decision on the public switched telephone network was made by business, because of the problems with the existing copper lines and the fact that that, too, poses significant challenges.
What we have done is take proactive steps by convening industry to ensure that they are going further than their existing commitments, and we have involved the regulator at every step.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
Great digital connectivity is now absolutely vital to people’s life chances
and we do not want rural areas to be left behind.
That is why we are putting £2 billion into gigabit, so that it is in every corner of the country.
We are putting cash into satellites for the hardest to reach bits.
We have a plan for mobile operators to get much more phone coverage.
The best bit, of course, is that we have a new rural connectivity champion, in my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barrow and Furness (Simon Fell) , to get the countryside connected.
I am delighted to hear everything the Minister has to say, but what further advice can she give to a colleague keen to champion specific rural communities facing challenges with poor digital connectivity?
First, I want to reassure my hon.
Friend that a lot of work is being done on gigabit and mobile reception for rural areas.
There is a regional procurement under way that covers his constituency and a neighbouring one, but I also recommend that constituents elect great  MPs who can hold me and Building Digital UK to account in the surgeries we hold in Parliament—they already have such an MP in him.
He is clearly doing something right, because Walsall North has 92% gigabit-capable coverage, compared with a national average of 79%.
All I would say to Tamworth is: take note.
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the difficulty in securing a Project Gigabit contract for Lancashire.
Once signed, a contract will help isolated premises and rural communities get a much-needed superfast connection.
Last month, I spoke with BDUK about progress on the procurement process.
What steps is she taking to ensure that timescales do not slip and that we can see installation under way for the second half of this year, as currently planned?