I heard what the Prime Minister just said about the Post Office scandal.
It is a huge injustice; people lost their lives, their liberty and their livelihood, and they have been waiting far too long for the truth, for justice and for compensation.
So I am glad that the Prime Minister is putting forward a proposal.
We will look at the details, and it is the job of all of us to make sure that it delivers the justice that is so needed.
Back in 2022, when Boris Johnson claimed he would send asylum seekers to Rwanda, one ambitious Tory MP had reservations.
He agreed with Labour that it would not work, it was a waste of money and it was the latest in a long line of gimmicks.
Does the Prime Minister know what happened to that MP?
What the right hon.
and learned Gentleman refers to is a document that he has not seen and I have not seen, and that has been reported second hand in a bunch of media newspapers.
What I can tell him is that I am absolutely clear that we need to stop the boats—that is what this Government and that MP are going to deliver.
I notice that the Prime Minister did not deny it.
I am not surprised, with £400 million of taxpayer money down the drain, no one sent to Rwanda and small boats still coming.
It is hardly a surprise that he wanted to scrap the scheme when he was trying to sneak in as Tory leader, but he has been caught red-handed opposing the very thing that he has now made his flagship policy.
Which Member should we listen to: the one before us today or the one who used to believe in something?
I have always been crystal clear: you do need to have an effective deterrence to finally solve this problem.
In fact, the National Crime Agency agrees that you need “an effective removals and deterrence agreement.”
That is why, after becoming Prime Minister, I negotiated a new deal with Albania, thanks to which we have seen a 93% drop in illegal arrivals from Albania.
That is how Australia stopped the boats.
That is why Italy, Germany and Austria are all looking at similar schemes.
He is the only one who is opposed to a proper deterrent, not because it does not work but because he does not actually believe in controlling migration.
Every single time, he picks the people smugglers over the British people.
We should smash the gangs, process the claims and end hotel use: that is our plan, but, unlike the Prime Minister, I believe in it.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I have got to hear the questions.
I do not want interruptions.
This is a very important topic
and I take it seriously.
I hope Members also wish to start taking it seriously.
Last year, the Prime Minister started the year saying he was Mr Steady.
Then, at his conference, he was Mr Change.
Now he has flipped back to Mr More-of-the-Same.
It does not matter how many relaunches and flip-flops he does—he will always be Mr Nobody.
Here is the tragedy of his leadership: he spends the whole time trying to convince people not to believe their own eyes, pretending that debt is falling, the economy is going gangbusters and the NHS is in great shape.
When he finally finds something he was right about—the Rwanda gimmick—he cannot even take credit for it.
When is he going to stop pretending that up is down and black is white, and admit that whether it is on the economy, immigration or the NHS, he has failed?
Well, let us just go through his checklist.
He talked about the backlog: 112,000 decisions made last year, a higher number than in any year in these past two decades.
He talked about hotels: the  first 50 are being closed and there are more to come.
He talked about the numbers: they were down by over a third last year, which is the first time that has happened.
And then he talked about smashing the gangs.
If he does care about smashing the gangs, why does he not own up to the fact that when it came to the Nationality and Borders Act 2022, he blocked, delayed and voted against the powers in that Act?
That Act has allowed us to arrest hundreds and hundreds of people connected with that illegal trade, who have been sentenced to hundreds of years in prison.
He opposed that because he chooses the criminal gangs over the British people every time.
[Hon.
Members: “More!]
Order.
I don’t think we are having more.
We can all see what has happened here.
Just like he knows that debt is not falling and taxes are going up, he knows the Rwanda gimmick will not work, but he cannot be honest about it because he is too scared of his own MPs.
Does he not wish that he had stuck to his guns, rather than allow himself to be taken hostage by his own party?
We are debating this because we have taken a stand and we are delivering the toughest migration plan ever, to end the legal challenges and actually get flights off the ground.
Let us be clear: he does not have a single practical idea about how to stop the boats, because he does not actually care about controlling migration.
This is a person who described all immigration law as “racist”.
He thinks limits on economic migration are “economic vandalism”.
The issue did not feature once in his five missions and he did not mention it once in his conference speech.
The truth is he is pro-free movement, he is anti-border control and he can never be trusted to stop the boats.
I think we should smash the gangs and I spent five years of my life doing exactly that.
The Prime Minister’s party has lost control of the borders.
While he is tending to the Tory party, the country is left without government—a collapse in dentistry, leaving people literally pulling out their own teeth; flood defences completely exposed; and hundreds of thousands of children still out of school.
His Government appear blissfully uninterested in what is going on outside the walls of Westminster.
Does he realise how ludicrous it looks when he spends his time boasting while Britain  is breaking?
I am glad that the Leader of the Opposition has brought up our schools; there is nothing more important than ensuring that our children get a world-class education.
That is why I am pleased that, in spite of Labour opposing every reform we have made, our children are now the best readers in the western world.
But he is right that attendance is important.
That is why we are investing millions of pounds more to provide support for absent pupils.
We have launched a national campaign just this week.
We have doubled the number of attendance hubs to support more than 1,000 at the most vulnerable schools.
I am surprised to hear him raise that topic, because, from longer lockdowns to voting against our minimum service laws, his priority has always been keeping our children out of school.
It is always the same with him: there is no plan.
It is just peddling one thing to his union friends and another thing to the British people.
New year, new nonsense.
Every week, the Prime Minister stands here and tells the country that they should be thanking him, not questioning him.
If you point out that the view on the ground is very different to that from his private jet, he says that you are talking the country down.
He just does not get it.
He does not get what a cost of living crisis feels like.
He does not know any schools where kids no longer turn up, and he does not understand what it is like to wait for a hospital appointment.
Does the country not deserve so much better than a Prime Minister who simply does not get Britain?
Last week, we had yet another half-hour speech from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, and—what a surprise—it did not contain a single new idea.
We have had four years of him as Labour leader and it is still all slogan and no plan.
Just this weekend, we are delivering on our plan to cut people’s taxes; he does not have a plan.
We have a plan to stop the boats; he does not have a plan.
And we have a plan to get people off welfare and into work; he does not have a single idea.
It is crystal clear: stick with us to deliver the long-term change that the country needs; do not go back to square one with him.
[Hon.
Members: “More!”] rose— More!
Let the hon.
Member ask the question before shouting for more.
They just know that it is going to be fantastic, Mr Speaker.
A happy new year to you anyway.
It is almost spring, when a young man’s fancy turns to tax.
In Scotland, the nationalists have decided to increase taxes on hard-working people.
In Wales, businesses are being clobbered by a 5% increase on rates.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is only one party in this Chamber that can be trusted to cut taxes for hard-working people across the country, and that is the Conservative party?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Just this weekend, we are cutting taxes for an average person in work by £450.
In Wales, where Labour  is in charge, the Welsh Government are raising them, with businesses there now seeing double the rate of business rates this year.
It is the same in Scotland under the SNP.
It is the new high-tax capital of the United Kingdom because of the SNP’s tax-hiking decisions.
Mr Speaker, while we have a plan to cut your taxes, Labour and the SNP are going to raise them.