Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Passengers have been crossing the Thames between Tilbury and Gravesend in my constituency since 1307, but the ferry service today is currently under threat because of the withdrawal of local authority funding.
With so many people using that ferry service to come to work in Tilbury docks, and given the upcoming expansion of the Thames freeport, will my right hon.
Friend encourage the local authorities to do all they can to ensure that we take full advantage of the opportunities through a new contract for the service, and perhaps expand the service as a way of getting more people to work in the new jobs that are being created?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that the Tilbury to Gravesend ferry service forms an important part of the local transport services provided by local authorities.
Obviously, those funding decisions are for the relevant councils, but I encourage them to consider the importance of cross-river transport in their local community, which she highlights, as part of their upcoming local transport plan.
Has the Prime Minister seen the utterly damning new UNICEF report showing that in the decade to 2021, child income poverty rose way faster in the UK than in any of the other 39 countries analysed?
Scrapping the benefits cap, scrapping the two-child limit and rolling out the Scottish child payment UK-wide could reverse a decade of utter failure, so why will he—or indeed the so-called official Opposition—not commit to those potentially transformative, but affordable, policies?
I point out to the hon.
Gentleman that since 2010 the number of people living in poverty has actually reduced by 1.7 million, including hundreds of thousands of children, but the best way to make sure that children do not grow up in poverty—which no one wants to see—is to make sure that their parents are in work, and then to make sure that they can keep as much of their hard-earned money as possible.
That is why I urge the SNP to think again about its plans to make Scotland the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom for an average worker.
My constituents know only too well the disaster of living under a Labour regime.
Just before Christmas, the Labour council in Bradford announced that it was bankrupt, and then  spent the first three hours of the subsequent council meeting debating Gaza and Israel rather than the perilous financial situation it was in.
Will the Prime Minister support my campaign and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore)  to get our constituencies out of Bradford Council’s control?
It is more urgent than ever.
Will he also make sure that the Government deliver a swimming pool in Bingley, which is something that was run down and then closed down as part of the mismanagement of Bradford Council?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point: whether it is local councils in his area, in Nottingham or indeed in Birmingham, we see a track record of Labour mismanagement of finances in local areas.
We all know, as my hon.
Friend points out, that when that happens—when Labour is in power—it is working people who pay the price.
That is why we have to stick to our plan.
If he will launch a consultation on the potential merits of introducing social energy tariffs for disabled people and low-income households.
We are providing extensive financial support worth over £100 billion—or £3,500 per household on average—between 2022 and 2025 to help everyone with their energy bills.
Last month, Marie Curie told me that terminally ill people who want to die at home have been forced into hospitals to die because they cannot afford to heat their homes sufficiently.
Will the Prime Minister meet me, Marie Curie and other organisations, including energy companies that are fully supportive of a social energy tariff, and try to find a way forward?
I will make sure that the hon.
Lady gets the meeting she needs with the appropriate Minister.
We are working very closely with Ofgem to make sure that the most vulnerable households are protected—especially this winter—and, crucially, we are developing the priority services register that vulnerable households, including those that are disabled or face particular needs, can sign up to for free to receive extra help with their energy supplier, but as I said, I will ensure that the relevant Minister meets with Marie Curie and the hon.
Lady.
Prioritising connecting towns in the north of England is a big part of Network North, so you will be pleased that I have a suggestion, Mr Speaker.
Direct trains between Preston and Liverpool do not exist because passengers have to get off because there are buffers at Ormskirk.
Science, technology and new multi-modal battery trains are going to allow that to be an accessible possibility, and then get Midge Hall station in Leyland reopened; does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is a great idea and we should crack on with it?
Network North will significantly improve connectivity across the north, including through £3 billion to connect up all the major towns and cities of the north and £12 million to improve connectivity between Manchester and Liverpool.
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for the region and I know that she and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southport (Damien Moore)  recently discussed Midge Hall station with the Transport Secretary, who is looking at options.
We are keen to use every penny that will be saved from our decision on HS2 to reinvest back in the north, in local communities, and my hon.
Friend’s idea sounds fantastic.
Every parent’s worst nightmare is watching their children starve and suffer, yet in Gaza living hell is being realised, with innocent children eating weeds and 1,000 children having lost one or more legs, with many of them having to have them amputated without anaesthesia or pain relief.
I am sure the Prime Minister will agree that this is inhumane, so will he please publicly call for unhindered access for food and medicine to reach Gaza, and tell Israel to stop attacking healthcare facilities?
As I have said previously, we are deeply concerned about the devastating impact of the fighting in Gaza on the civilian population, and particularly, of course, children.
Too many people have lost their lives already and there is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support to Gaza.
I have stressed those points repeatedly to Prime Minister Netanyahu, and we are doing our bit to get more aid in.
As I have said, we have trebled our aid commitment.
Earlier this month, we sent in the first maritime shipment of aid into Egypt, which will help, and we are working with the United Nations to deliver a new humanitarian land corridor from Jordan into Gaza.
I agree with the hon.
Lady that we want to see more aid going into Gaza to help the most vulnerable people, and we should be proud in this House that the United Kingdom is playing a leading role in making that happen.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on compensation and outstanding matters relating to the Post Office Horizon scandal.
As the Prime Minister indicated a few minutes ago, I will inform the House about the further steps the Government are taking to address the Horizon scandal.
The Government are taking measures to speed up the flow of compensation.
We have already set a target of issuing initial offers for 90% of group litigation order cases within 40 days of receiving a completed application.
I announced in November that we would be introducing a £600,000 up-front offer for claims with overturned convictions, which people could choose to take rather than going through the detailed assessment process.
This has already made a real difference.
Before my announcement, only five of the relevant people had reached full and final settlements; I can now report that, with the help of the minimum payments, we have finalised 30 cases.
This has obviously speeded matters along for those who have taken this up-front offer.
It has also helped those who have chosen individual assessment, because resources can be concentrated on those cases.
I can announce today that we are taking similar measures in respect of the group litigation order scheme.
We will now make people in that scheme an up-front offer of £75,000, which will save them having to go through a full assessment.
However, as with overturned convictions, if they believe they are entitled to more, they are welcome to continue with the full assessment.
Not only will this allow the Department to focus its resources on the larger cases, but it will allow claimants’ lawyers to do the same.
The pace at which we can get claims into the scheme is the key constraint on how quickly we can settle them.
The up-front offer is smaller for the GLO scheme than for the overturned convictions because the claims tend to be smaller.
We estimate that perhaps a third of GLO claimants may want to consider this route.
I am sure the House will welcome this measure.
When I made my statement on Monday, I heard Members from all parts of the House share my desire to ensure justice for postmasters who have been convicted of offences as part of the scandal.
The whole House is united on this, and in the light of last week’s excellent ITV series, I believe the whole nation is united on it, too.
We have all been moved by the stories of postmasters who have been unjustly convicted and the terrible effects over the period of two decades on their finances, health and relationships.
Indeed, we have seen whole lives ruined by this brutal and arbitrary exercise of power.
Hundreds of convictions remain extant.
Some of those convictions will have relied on evidence from the discredited Horizon system; others will have been the result of appalling failures of the Post Office’s investigation and prosecution functions.
The evidence already emerging from Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry has shown not only  incompetence, but malevolence in many of their actions.
This evidence was not available to the courts when they made their decisions on individual cases.
So far, 95 out of more than 900 convictions have been overturned.
We know that postmasters have been reluctant to apply to have their convictions overturned—many of them have decided that they have been through enough and cannot face further engagement with authority.
Many fear having their hopes raised, only for them to be dashed yet again.
The Horizon compensation advisory board has recommended that we should overturn all the convictions of the postmasters who were prosecuted in the Horizon scandal.
I think its motivation for doing so is absolutely right, and we will work with it to speed up the process.
May I put on the record my thanks to Lord Arbuthnot, who is in the Gallery today, and  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  for their work on the campaign generally and on that advisory board?
Following the recommendation would involve unprecedented action by Parliament to overturn specific verdicts of the courts.
The Government completely recognise the importance of an independent court system and judiciary, so the recommendation raises important issues of constitutional principle.
This is therefore not a decision we can take lightly.
It also creates the risks of a different sort of injustice.
I am sure that a great many people were wrongly convicted in the scandal, but I cannot tell the House that all of those prosecuted were innocent or even that it was 90%, or 80%, or 70%.
Without retrying every case, we cannot know.
The risk is that instead of unjust convictions, we end up with unjust acquittals, and we just would not know how many.
The only way we could tell would be to put all cases through the courts, further dragging out the distress for many innocent people.
Order.
This is a very important issue, so I will allow the Minister to continue, but that means the time of the Opposition spokesperson will also increase, as does Sir David’s.
It is too important an issue to curtail the Minister, but officials ought to be aware that when they provide speeches, they are for three minutes.
However, I want the Minister finish his speech, because the issue is far too important.
I apologise, Mr Speaker, for the length of this response to the urgent question, but the matter is, as you say, of vital importance.
We have been faced with a dilemma: either accept the present problem of many people carrying the unjustified slur of conviction, or accept that an unknown number of people who have genuinely stolen from their post office will be exonerated and perhaps even compensated.
I can therefore announce that we intend to bring forward legislation as soon as we can to overturn the convictions of all those convicted in England or Wales on the basis of Post Office evidence given during the Horizon scandal.
The Government will in the coming days consider whether to include the small number of cases that have already been considered by the appeal courts and had convictions upheld.
We recognise that this is an exceptional step, but these are exceptional circumstances.
As the House knows, people with convictions that have been overturned are offered a choice between having their compensation individually assessed or settling on an up-front offer of  £600,000.
As far as possible, we want to avoid guilty people walking away with hundreds of thousands of pounds of public money, but we cannot make the provision of compensation subject to a detailed examination of guilt.
We have concluded that to ask the court to do that again would be unfair to individuals.
We cannot turn this into an administrative exercise.
All we ask is that as part of their claims for compensation, postmasters sign a statement to the effect that they did not commit the crimes of which they are accused.
Anyone subsequently found to have signed such a statement untruthfully will be putting themselves at risk of prosecution for fraud.
I do not pretend to the House that that is a foolproof device, but it is a proportionate one that respects the ordeal that these people have already suffered.
It means that an honest postmaster will have his or her conviction overturned and, just by signing one document, can secure compensation.
No one should take our decision as a criticism of the judiciary.
The original decisions were taken in good faith in the understanding that prosecutions were properly conducted and that assertions about the robustness of the Horizon system were true.
But, as I said earlier, these are exceptional circumstances and we need to act quickly and decisively.
Time is one thing that we and the convicted postmasters do not have.
Our arrangement will apply to all those convicted in England and Wales based on Post Office investigations, including those prosecuted by other bodies who relied on the product of those investigations; the fruit of a poisoned tree.
We have plenty more work to do on the solution.
We need to prepare the legislation, and I want to discuss our solution with the advisory board, which I am meeting later this afternoon.
Some prosecutions have been undertaken in Scotland and Northern Ireland, where justice is devolved.
We are, of course, engaging with the Scottish and Northern Irish Administrations in respect of wrongful convictions in their jurisdictions.
We will do those things as quickly as we can and keep the House informed.
The House will have heard that we are well aware of the imperfections of the solution.
I am sure that that will attract some critics, but when they criticise I invite them to say what they would do otherwise.
Would they leave many people suffering under the burden of unjust convictions for many years—perhaps forever—with no access to compensation, or would they create some administrative process for deciding innocence, which would be more onerous for the victims?
I very much hope that the whole House will stand with the Government to deliver rapid justice to convicted postmasters who have been waiting much, much too long.
I will extend the time.
It was so important to get all of that on the record.
I believe that the Minister wanted to make a statement but was overruled.
At least we have certainly had that statement now.
As the Minister said, earlier this week many of us across the Chamber called for this appalling injustice to be solved in months, not years.
It looks as though the Government have responded correctly to that call, ensuring swift justice.
But there are undoubtedly difficult constitutional and legal issues involved, as he laid out in detail.
Some of the victims that I have spoken to say they need an individual exoneration rather than a grand pardon because they are understandably concerned about being bracketed with the very small number of people who will actually not be innocent.
Will the Minister undertake to continue looking into this matter and address the quite proper concerns of the legitimate victims?
I would also welcome further elaboration on compensation.
Fujitsu, which has played a central role in the scandal, is still at the heart of Government IT systems.
Will Fujitsu will be required to meet some of the costs of the undoubtedly enormously expensive compensation that we are paying out?
Finally, will the Government accelerate the investigations to convict those who are really guilty of causing the scandal by perverting the course of justice?