Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, in honor of Women's History Month, I rise today to recognize Silvia Diez, a community leader who has utilized her platform to amplify new voices and celebrate the strength and resilience of women in Southwest Florida.
Silvia first began her career in 2000 in the communications and media industry in the United States after graduating from a prestigious university in her native country.
Throughout her career, Silvia has been a dynamic force in the media, overcoming a variety of challenges, and redefining industry standards.
Silvia was the host of the first local Spanish-language television show ``Que Pasa SW Florida'' on the Comcast Network, and for 19 years, was the editor of the first leading Hispanic newspaper in Southwest Florida, Nuevos Ecos.
Currently, Diez is the Journalist and Marketing Director of El Mensajero, the leading Spanish newspaper in Southwest Florida, and the host of the show Power Latino TV, a platform that highlights Hispanic businesses in Southwest Florida.
Silvia is devoted to ensuring that every woman in both Collier and Lee counties has the opportunity to reach their full potential.
This commitment has culminated in her current role as owner and CEO of ``Mujeres Emprendedoras'' (``Women Entrepreneurs''), a business initiative that brings together talented and resilient women seeking to own their own businesses.
In 2022, her passion for empowering women and inspiring change was recognized by the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce of Southwest Florida, and she became a finalist in the ``Women of Distinction'' Awards.
Aside from being a trailblazing Hispanic entrepreneur, Silvia is a proud mother whose son, Emiliano, is currently in the Marine Academy.
As a mother, she keenly understands and has sought to meet the needs of the children in the surrounding community.
Every year, Diez dedicates her time to organizing a ``3 Kings Day'' toy drive for the children of the Coalition.
Silvia continues to build a lasting legacy of generosity and love through her drive to serve.
Her relentless desire to foster strong leaders and build thriving communities has contributed to numerous successes for residents in Southwest Florida and my district.