Bruce), Minister Romney Rice-Dunn (spouse-Minister Fred Dunn), and Minister Bryttani Rice.
His legacy also lives on through his many grandchildren, great-grandchildren, and countless other cherished family members and friends.
The educational background.
Rice and his beloved wife, the late Apostle Dr. Doris V. Rice, speaks volumes about their commitment to ministry and service.
Both graduated from Rhema Bible Training College in Tulsa, Oklahoma and received Family Counseling Degrees from National Lewis College.
Their dedication to theological education culminated in the attainment of Biblical Studies Doctorate Degrees from Pillsbury Bible College.
For over 40 years, they served as shepherds of the house of Victory Christian Outreach Church, nurturing a membership that at one time exceeded 500 members.
Their leadership extended to the broader community, where they organized years of outreach events serving families, children, and youth with food, clothing, childcare, family counseling, and utility assistance.
In times of crises, their church provided a safe refuge for families in need.
As Senior Pastors, Church Administrators, and Community Leaders, Dr. Lee F. Rice and Dr. Doris V. Rice dedicated themselves to partnering with local churches to share the Gospel and provide a safe place for worship.
Their church became a cornerstone of the community, hosting annual events such as Octoberfest, Be A Blessing, and the Easter Egg Hunt.
Their contributions were recognized by the University City School District, which lauded Victory Christian Outreach Church as an outstanding community contributor.
Pastor Lee and Pastor Doris have also had a profound impact on my life.
They were my personal pastors for many years as well as my employers, and their daughter Daphne, who now serves as the current pastor, has been my very close friend since we were teens.
Their other daughters, Romney and Bryttani, are like sisters.
I am proud to have had the privilege of working at their preschool for a decade, and where I grew to love the important and lifesaving role that childcare providers have in our community.
In honoring the life.
Lee Rice, we celebrate a man of faith, integrity, and compassion.
His legacy of service and devotion to God will continue to inspire generations to come.
May his memory be a blessing to all who knew and loved him and may his spirit of love and generosity continue to shine brightly in our community.