Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and career of nurse Joyce Grayson of Brooklyn, Connecticut.
Joyce was killed while serving in her capacity as a visiting nurse, creating a chasm in the life of all who knew her that will never be filled.
Despite the tragedy of her death, Joyce's life is remembered for her warmth and unbridled vitality--traits that served her well in her nearly 40 years of distinguished health service across Connecticut.
The shocking news of her loss has been felt across particularly in Connecticut and by also health professionals across the nation.
Growing up on a Sterling, Connecticut dairy farm with her 13 siblings and parents Robert and Edna Jordan, Joyce is a true daughter of eastern Connecticut.
From an early age, Joyce recognized her life's calling lay in the care of her fellows.
Immediately after graduating from Killingly High School, Joyce enrolled in Windham Tech's nursing school where she became a Licensed Practical Nurse, beginning the journey which would define the rest of her life.
Joyce started her professional career in service to the State of Connecticut, working for the Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services (DHMAS).
Joyce's time was well spent at DHMAS given her specialty was in behavioral health.
During her tenure with DHMAS, she worked at a variety of institutions--from the old Norwich State Hospital to the Southeastern Mental Health Authority.
After working for the State for over a quarter century, Joyce continued her serviceoriented work by becoming a visiting nurse for the Elara Caring company Ever committed to providing for others, Joyce also served Connecticut's next generations by acting as a foster parent.
Joyce's parenthood, whether for her six biological children or those she fostered, was defined by her infectious love for each child.
In 2017, Joyce was recognized for her consummate care and named Foster Parent of the year alongside her husband, Ronald, by the Connecticut Department