Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a long-standing public servant to the Town of Preston, Connecticut and pillar of our state's sizable rural population, 
Mr. Gerald `Jerry' Grabarek of Preston, Connecticut.
Jerry has recently marked his 50th year of community service to the Town of Preston and also just celebrated the 100 anniversary his multi-generational family farm, appropriately named, Preston Farms.
Most recently, he has won reelection unopposed to the Board of Selectman, and was sworn in on the 5th.
Preston and the region are lucky to have such a talented, stalwart advocate.
Jerry's long history of service begins in the early 1970's when he and his wife, Deb, took a more active role in managing the farm.
During this time, they shared responsibility with the farm's original founders, Andrew and Anastasia Grabarek.
Jerry used this time to pursue a degree in Biology, Botany, and Zoology from Connecticut College in New London, graduating in 1981.
This experience proved beneficial immediately when he and Deb took over Preston Farms upon the death of Andrew in 1984.
Jerry's tenure at the farm has been defined by his eagerness to engage with his neighbors, often giving fieldtrips and hay-rides to Preston's elementary school students.
Countless generations remember the visit to Jerry's farms with fond memories of tractor rides and cups of ice-cream.
Ever a steward of his community, one of the earliest times Jerry opened his farm and maze to local students was in the wake of the 11th
Many children of Eastern Connecticut's servicemen and women had to contend with their parents being suddenly mobilized without explanation or words of good-bye.
In response, Jerry coordinated field trips to Preston Farms free of charge to give those children a much-needed respite in the month immediately following the attacks.
This episode truly epitomizes the selfless, bottom-up service approach which has defined Jerry's life.
In 1978, Jerry began his municipal service in earnest through his being voted on to Preston's Democratic Town Committee.
Little did he know at the time that this action would take him on a winding journey of advocacy.
By 1982, Jerry served on the Planning and Zoning commission wherein he eventually became chair.
Jerry's tenure in town politics oversaw a significant shift in the dynamic of southeast Connecticut living.
In 1983, the Mashantucket Pequot Tribe received federal recognition and reservation rights which soon saw the development of the Foxwoods Resort Casino, causing a large increase in the number of visitors to the region.
This increase in tourism necessitated enhanced infrastructure to accommodate the additional traffic.
Under his chairmanship of the Planning and Zoning Commission, Jerry helped ensure development was executed in a balanced manner to avoid undue burden on area residents while still accommodating the increased travel.
Jerry's advocacy for Preston only increased in 1995 when he successfully ran for the Board of Selectmen, ending his first term in 2009.
In his early years on the Board, he continued to advocate for the needs of residents when weighing responses to the increased traffic caused by tribal economic development.
In 2020, Jerry rejoined the Board and continues his service today.