Permanent fencing would send an un-American message to the nation and

the world, by transforming our democracy from one that is accessible,

transparent and of the people to one that is closed off, secretive and

fearful of its own citizens.
It would tell the world that the most

powerful nation must rely on crude barriers for safety instead of

state-of-the-art intelligence and security protocols.
The Capitol has

welcomed First Amendment protests and demonstrations for centuries

without becoming a fortress, The openness of the Capitol and our

democracy is our strength, not a security weakness that needs to be

rooted out.
Any further consideration of permanent fencing is

desperate, distasteful and disrespectful of our history and

institutions.
Furthermore, the Capitol complex does not exist in a vacuum.
It is

immediately surrounded by residential neighborhoods and local

businesses, which form the heart of the District of Columbia.
Permanent

fencing would cause serious damage to the fabric of these communities.
After January 6th, these residents and businesses were more than

understanding as their neighborhoods turned into militarized zones.
They waited patiently as officers checked their identification on their

walks home or took alternative routes when they found blocked streets.
Permanent fencing would infringe on their ability, as well as the

general public's ability, to enjoy the public spaces that define our

nation's capital.
The distance between government and the people has grown, with trust

in government at historic lows.
Installing permanent fencing at the

Capitol complex would only increase that distance.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER OF CAPE COD

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today in honor of

Community Health Center of Cape Cod's 25th anniversary.
Community Health Center (CHC) of Cape Cod was first established in

1998 by a group or volunteer doctors and nurses committed to providing

free healthcare services to uninsured residents of the Cape and

Islands.
CHC originally started as the Falmouth Free Clinic in the

basement of Falmouth Hospital and

served 600 patients in its first year.
Today, CHC serves over 25,000

patients and has locations in five towns across the Upper Cape.
It was

also recently announced that CHC received a five-million-dollar grant

through the American Rescue Plan to open a new location to serve more

patients on Cape Cod.
The new facility will be LEED silver certified

and include affordable housing to support the community and workforce.
Since 2003, CHC has been led by CEO, Karen Gardner.
Under Ms.

Gardner's leadership, CHC continues to grow and evolve to better serve

its patients.
Over the last two decades, CHC has built a 33,000 square

foot facility in Mashpee; added oral health, women's health, 340B

pharmacy, and vision services; implemented an electronic medical record

system; and was designated a federally qualified health center in 2006.
Whether it be transportation or insurance costs, Community Health

Center of Cape Cod continuously works to break down barriers to

accessing quality healthcare.
By combining the different skills and

backgrounds of its board members and staff, CHC always strives to

provide the best healthcare to the community that it serves, especially

those from vulnerable populations.
Over the last 25 years, CHC has

operated with the goal of providing high-quality, comprehensive, and

affordable care regardless of a person's ability to pay and has

established itself as a pillar of the Cape Cod community.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I am proud to honor Community Health Center

of Cape Cod, and I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating its

25th anniversary and wishing CHC continued success in the years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CHARITABLE WORK OF THE FUTCH FAMILY

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.