On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to

recognize the life of Mr. Richard E. Santspree, defined by exemplary

service to his community and his country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SIFMA

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I want to honor the

accomplishments of Aiden Inman, Ethan Scattone, and William Will,

students at Oakcrest High School who competed in the SIFMA Foundation

Capitol Hill Challenge and placed tenth in the Nation.
They

participated as a part of their Stock Market and Investments class

under the guidance of their teacher, Joe Cirigliano and their

supervisor Nicole Gazia.
This exemplary group of students participated

in a 14-week competition where they managed a hypothetical $100,000

online portfolio of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, ESG investments, and

cash.
Out of a student participation of over 6,500 students, Oakcrest

placed in the top ten performing teams in the nation.
I am incredibly

proud of these students and all of their accomplishments, and I can't

wait to see the big things they do in the future.
God Bless these

students and God Bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THOMAS TRAN

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, this August, I had the

pleasure of attending Thomas Tran's Eagle Scout Court of Honor.
Thomas

has been actively involved in the Scouts since the third grade when he

joined as a cub scout.
He quickly climbed the ranks and became an

active member of Troop 94, leading the group as their Patrol Leader.
Since then, he has earned an impressive 28 merit badges for his hard

work and dedication.
The proudest moment of Thomas's Scouting journey

was his Eagle Scout project where Thomas organized the removal and

replacement of an old billboard welcome sign at the Veterans of Foreign

Wars Post 8098 in Egg Harbor Township.
This massive undertaking

demanded 130 hours of his time and the South Jersey community is

thankful for his efforts.
God Bless Thomas Tran and God Bless the

United States of America.