JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today, I honor the 100th

birthday of Dorothy Helen Dougherty, a woman of great character and

dedication.
Dorothy was born on October 7, 1923, and grew up in a

loving, multi-generational household in Pennsylvania.
After attending

secretarial school in Philadelphia and working as a secretary for

several years, she married her husband in January 1948.
Together, they

settled in Ocean City, South Jersey and built a successful residential

construction and real estate business while raising three sons.
Dorothy

remained active in her church and community, and she volunteered in

various charitable efforts, including helping the less fortunate

through food and clothing donations.
Tragically, she lost her husband

at 58 but found solace in Lake Worth, Florida, where she became an

active member of her church and excelled as a shuffleboard champion.
Most importantly, Dorothy's legacy continues through her loving family,

including three sons, eight grandchildren, and thirteen great-

grandchildren who affectionately know her as ``GiGi.''
So, on Dorothy's

100th birthday, we honor her remarkable life and her enduring impact on

her family and community.
God Bless Dorothy Dougherty and God Bless the

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EUSTACE MITA

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today, I want to commend the

achievements of Eustace Mita, a prominent figure in South Jersey's

luxury real estate industry.
Mr. Mita serves as Chairman and CEO of

Icona Resorts, Chairman of Mita Management, and CEO of Achristavest,

all of which have left a significant mark on South Jersey's luxury real

estate sector.
He founded ICONA Resorts in 2013, quickly establishing a

highly regarded brand of luxury hotels in South Jersey, including the

top ranked Icona Diamond Beach resort.
Currently, ICONA operates seven

hotels along the South Jersey shore in Avalon, Cape May, Wildwood

Crest, and Spring Lake.
Mr. Mita's business ventures extend to high-end

luxury home development with Achristavest and strategic investments in

local real estate and the automotive sectors through Mita Management.
Outside of business, he is a devoted family man to his wife, Susie, and

their five children and sixteen grandchildren.
He is a respected leader

in the Catholic Church's service initiatives and his contributions were

recognized by Pope Francis during the 2015 World Meeting of Families in

Philadelphia.
He also serves as the first lay president of the Papal

Foundation, a charity that funds Papal requests for charitable grants

and scholarships.
It is an honor to celebrate Eustace Mita's

contributions to South Jersey's luxury real estate and commitment to

community service.
His entrepreneurial spirit and dedication have left

a lasting impact on our South Jersey community.
God Bless Eustice Mita

and God Bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KOUNTRY KITCHEN SOUL FOOD PLACE

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I rise in celebration of

the grand reopening of Kountry Kitchen Soul Food Place, a beloved

Indianapolis establishment specializing in southern-style soul food.
Located in Indiana's 7th Congressional District, Kountry Kitchen was

established in 1988 by Ms. Jessie White to bring her southern-style

home cooking to the neighborhood, under the name Jessie's Place.
Ms.

Jessie's daughter, Nell Wilson, later joined to grow the family

business and introduce her own recipes.
Nell and her husband, Isaac,

renamed the diner to Country Kitchen.
After Nell's passing, Isaac

remarried, and with his wife Cynthia, they renamed the business Kountry

Kitchen.
Isaac and Cynthia continue to honor this legacy by serving the

recipes passed down to them by Ms. Jessie and Nell.
A nationally recognized restaurant, Kountry Kitchen has caught the

attention of many notable figures, including Jimmy Fallon, former

President Barack Obama, and Indianapolis native Mike Epps.
In early 2020, Kountry Kitchen suffered a devasting fire.
Thankfully,

there was no loss of life, but the establishment suffered extensive

damage.