Title: BIG SKY AVIATION; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
170

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BIG SKY AVIATION

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, in April, I had the pleasure

of attending the 25th anniversary celebration of Big Sky Aviation in

Millville, South Jersey.
As a full-service, fixed-base operator, this

aviation center provides a valuable and enriching experience to our

South Jersey residents through its many services.
These services

include hangar leasing, aircraft cleaning, jet fueling, pre-purchased

inspections, airframe repairs, tie downs, car services, catering, and

much more.
They also offer personalized flight school programs working

directly with students to create a strategy that aligns with their

individual needs and objectives.
The experienced team of aviation

professionals at Big Sky Aviation ensure that your visit to South

Jersey is as convenient and enjoyable as possible.
I thank all the

staff at Big Sky Aviation for sharing their passion for aviation with

our South Jersey community for the past 25 years.
God Bless Big Sky

Aviation, and God Bless our United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

BRIAN AND KEVIN MURPHY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today, I would like to honor

Brian and Kevin Murphy for graduating high school and 8th grade.
Brian

has graduated from Rustin High School with honors and headed to Penn

State University in the fall where he will study Business.
Kevin has

graduated 8th grade with honors from St. Simon and Jude School.
Kevin

will continue his journey at Rustin High School next year.
Both Brian

and Kevin have recently assisted their baseball teams in winning their

Championship games.
Two amazing young men with incredible futures ahead

of them.
I know their family is very proud of them, especially their

Aunt Allie.
God Bless Brian and Kevin and God Bless the United States

of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING BCI SOLUTIONS, INC.
INDUCTION INTO THE INDIANA

MANUFACTURERS HALL OF FAME

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I am proud to recognize and

congratulate BCI Solutions, Inc. in Bremen, Indiana on being inducted

into the Indiana Manufacturers Hall of Fame this month.
I often say that Hoosier manufacturing is second to none, and I am

proud to represent the Manufacturing Capital of the World here in

Indiana's Second District.
The professional, high-quality work that BCI

has done for more than 80 years has played a meaningful role in

allowing our District to have and maintain that distinction.
Founded in 1939 as Bremen Gray Iron Foundry, BCI has grown into a

renowned name and a leading provider of castings, machining, and

complex assemblies.
Because of their continuous commitment to improving

and investing in advancing technologies, BCI is on the forefront of

providing products to the defense, agricultural, healthcare, lawn and

garden and automotive industries, among others.
Additionally, BCI's example as a successful family-owned business now

operating in their fifth generation is an inspiration to those looking

to start their own companies, as well as a source of pride for many

Hoosiers.
Congratulations again to BCI Solutions, Inc. on being recognized for

this impressive distinction.
I join Hoosiers in thanking them for their

many contributions to Marshall County and communities throughout the

Second District.
I wish them continued success and many more years in

business and accolades to celebrate going forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DOROTHY DOUGHERTY

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today, I honor the 100th

birthday of Dorothy Helen Dougherty, a woman of great character and

dedication.
Dorothy was born on October 7, 1923, and grew up in a

loving, multi-generational household in Pennsylvania.