It was

not long before he resumed flights, fighting to keep Ukrainian skies

safe over Kyiv and other major battle areas.
During Andrii's service,

he flew over 100 combat missions and destroyed dozens of the enemy's

command posts.
In May 2022, Andrii was awarded the Order for Courage

(3rd Class) for his valiant service.
Because of his keen interest in promoting the modernization of

Ukraine's Air Force, and his proficiency in English, Andrii and a small

contingent of his colleagues were sent to Washington, D.C., to

illustrate and emphasize the urgent need to supply Ukraine with F-16

fighter jets.
I had the honor of meeting Andrii.
After his visit to

Capitol Hill, the Ukraine Fighter Pilots Act was introduced, which I

was proud to cosponsor.
I want to express my deepest appreciation for the invaluable service

rendered not only to the nation of Ukraine, but in the fight for

democracy itself, by Major Andrii Pilshchykov.
My deepest condolences

go out to his family, the people of Ukraine and all those impacted by

his loss.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NO FENCING AT THE UNITED STATES CAPITOL COMPLEX ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today, I introduce the No

Fencing at the United States Capitol Complex Act, which would prohibit

the installation of new permanent fencing on the grounds of the United

States Capitol complex.
I am pleased that Senator Chris Van Hollen is

introducing this bill in the Senate.
After the insurrectionist attack on the Capitol on January 6, 2021,

the Capitol complex became an untraversable fortress surrounded by

frightening fences capped with barbed wire--typical of authoritarian

regimes.
Although more needs to be done to protect the Capitol complex,

the failure of Capitol security leaders to plan for the predictable and

openly announced attack on the Capitol on January 6th does not justify

closing the complex to the public, to whom it belongs.
We can and must

maintain our commitment to security without sacrificing public access

by using the least restrictive means necessary to address security.
The January 6th attack on the Capitol, which had little to do with

the lack of permanent fencing, was the greatest intelligence and

security failure in the history of our nation's capital.
There were

countless security failures on January 6th that we can and must

address, including: taking threats of extremist violence seriously at

an earlier stage; closing the Capitol building grounds during high-

profile and high-threat events, as is typically done, but was not done

on January 6th; manpower; building security; and training.
Permanent

fencing, which is incredibly imprecise, would not address those

security lapses.
It is more likely to keep out children, joggers and

tourists than a coordinated attack on the Capitol.
In fact, it is a

form of security theater--it would make the Capitol ``look'' safer but

mask the lack of state-of-the-art security measures that could prevent

attacks in the future.
Every threat to the Capitol since January 6th

has been stopped by longstanding and new security measures and the

excellent work of the Capitol Police.
Permanent fencing would not aid

the Capitol Police in stopping threats but it would create an image of

authoritarianism, secrecy and inaccessibility.
The Capitol complex is

for all the American people, and, with proper security, must remain

open to them.
Permanent fencing would send an un-American message to the nation and

the world, by transforming our democracy from one that is accessible,

transparent and of the people to one that is closed off, secretive and

fearful of its own citizens.
It would tell the world that the most

powerful nation must rely on crude barriers for safety instead of

state-of-the-art intelligence and security protocols.
The Capitol has

welcomed First Amendment protests and demonstrations for centuries

without becoming a fortress, The openness of the Capitol and our

democracy is our strength, not a security weakness that needs to be

rooted out.