Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I am proud to honor Community Health Center

of Cape Cod, and I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating its

25th anniversary and wishing CHC continued success in the years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CHARITABLE WORK OF THE FUTCH FAMILY

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I would like to recognize Dawn

Futch, her husband Mike Futch, and their daughter Stephanie Futch for

their charitable service towards the people of Brevard County.
After

the sudden and tragic passing of Dawn and Mike's son Michael-Gene, the

Futch family created the Michael-Gene Kids Basketball Foundation.
When Michael-Gene Futch passed away in November of 2010, his family

requested basketballs instead of flowers due to Michael-Gene's love of

the sport.
When over 1,500 basketballs came, the Futch family decided

to donate those basketballs to underprivileged children in Brevard

County.
This charitable donation led to the creation of the Michael-Gene Kids

Basketball Foundation, which aims to help underprivileged families.
Since the Foundation was formed, it has grown far past donations of

basketballs.
While continuing basketball donations year-round, the

Futch Foundation also hosts a back-to-school drive, sponsor-a-family

thanksgiving, and a gift drive for the holiday season.
The Futch Family also holds an annual black-tie affair to raise money

for charity.
The Futch family plans to continue their many years of

charity work for the children of Brevard County.
I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to

join me in recognizing the Futch family and saluting their selfless

service.
The Michael-Gene Kids Basketball Foundation is an inspiration

and blessing to underprivileged children, and families in our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING RICHARD E. SANTSPREE

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor and

remember the life of United States Army veteran Richard Edward

Santspree.
Richard was born in Troy, New York on July 28, 1950.
After graduating

from Cohoes High School, Richard enlisted with the United States Army

in October 1967.
He served in the Army for three years, rising to the

rank of Specialist Fourth Class, before he was honorably discharged in

October 1970.
For his service, Richard was awarded the National Defense

Service Medal, the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, and M16 Expert and

M14 Sharpshooter badges.
Richard remained with the Army Reserves until

1973.
Returning to civilian life, Richard married the love of his life

Christine Hogan Santspree in April 1971.
They moved to Cohoes and

started their family together, raising three children; Kimberly,

Richard Jr., and Thomas.
Richard spent his professional career with

General Electric in Schenectady, working as a machinist for four

decades before retiring in August 2010.
Richard was a well-rounded member of the Cohoes and Troy communities,

participating in his local church, veterans' organizations, and

recreational activities.
He was a member of the Cohoes Moose Club, the

Cohoes-Waterford Elk's Lodge 1317, and the American Legion Ruane Post

476.
Richard competed in a league at the Cohoes Bowling Arena, along

with the Cohoes Rod and Gun Club's Dart and Horseshoe League.
Richard

assisted with St. Rita's Church's annual bazaar, as well as the Rod and

Gun Club's kids' fishing contest at the Van Schaick Island pond.
More

than anything, he was a proud family man who enjoyed travelling and

spending time with his wife, children, and three grandchildren.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to

recognize the life of Mr. Richard E. Santspree, defined by exemplary

service to his community and his country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SIFMA

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.