The hon.
Gentleman mentions the important matter of a commencement provision for the repeal of the Vagrancy Act.
He has done so much to bring about the changes that are needed, and I commend him for all his work.
I will ensure that the Department has heard his question, and that an update is given to him and the House at the earliest opportunity.
Given the widespread revulsion at the violent crackdown on peaceful protesters in Georgia, will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on that matter?
Imedi TV, the main propaganda arm of that brutal Government, operates and is directed from the UK through a company called Hunnewell Partners, so in such a debate we might be able to discuss whether it is time for a National Crime Agency investigation into those operations and the direction from this country of pro-Russian propaganda and incitement to violence against peaceful protesters.
The Government continue to call on the Georgian Government to halt their move away from democratic norms and their isolation from western partners, and we continue to condemn the excessive use of force against protesters and journalists.
My hon.
Friend mentions the important issue of holding companies operating in that area.
I think I heard the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , highlight a debate that might be a good opportunity for my hon.
Friend to raise that matter.
Just to inform the House, we may have until only 11.30 am for this business, so let us all help each other to get in.
I call Martin Vickers, who will set a good example.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
During the last Parliament, I initiated a Westminster Hall debate about the growing evidence that bright LED lights on vehicles were resulting in more road traffic accidents.
I know that the Leader of the House might tell me that I can initiate yet another debate, but it would be even better if she arranged for a Minister to make a statement about the evidence that the Department for Transport is collecting on that matter.
The impact of LED lights in road traffic accidents is an important issue.
I will indeed ensure that the hon.
Gentleman gets a full response from a Minister, or that a Minister comes to the House.
Labour committed in our manifesto to phasing out animal testing—a goal that is not only widely supported by the public, but critical to advancing scientific innovation.
However, that achievement requires cross-departmental work.
Will the Leader of the House allow time to debate that issue so that Parliament can explore how to turn that commitment into concrete action, and will she join me in hoping for a cruelty-free Christmas?
I do join my hon.
Friend in hoping for a cruelty-free Christmas.
She raises important issues on which we have a number of manifesto commitments.
She will know that they are not currently in the legislative  programme for this Session, but I am aware of the strength of feeling, and I am sure that things will be brought forward in the usual way.
Last week, the Government stated that they would move away from SEND safety valve agreements, which have seen many local authorities across the country enter short-term funding deals with the Department for Education.
Although that is welcome news, it has left those in existing arrangements —including my local authority, South Gloucestershire council—worrying about the future.
Will the Leader of the House agree to a debate in Government time about the nature of the changes and ensuring that existing arrangements are fair, and to discuss how to provide all children with special educational needs and disabilities the quality education that they deserve?
The hon.
Lady raises yet another important issue.
The Government are trying to ensure that we have early intervention, and that the power to take action on that is in the hands of local authorities and others.
We will introduce the children’s wellbeing Bill imminently, to tackle some of those issues at their core.
Small businesses are at the heart of our local economies, and they are crucial to our ambition to deliver sustained growth.
Last weekend, it was great to meet so many inspiring small businesses in Rossendale and Darwen during Small Business Weekend.
I was also privileged to attend the Rossendale business awards, which was a great celebration of entrepreneurial and community spirit.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating the business award winners?
Bear with me, as there were quite a few: Bacup Museum, Baha Accessories, D.O.G. Grooming, The Chubby Duck, Rossendale Radio, Carvansons, SolvAssist, Kelsea Bennett, Be You Lifestyle, Design Hut, Whitworth leisure centre, Olive Branch, The Ashcroft, Dansworks, Unscripted— Order.
Members are not meant to name a full list of different businesses.
In fairness, I think the Leader of the House has had a real flavour of the importance of Rossendale and Darwen.
I am very well aware of how important small businesses are in Rossendale and Darwen.
Over the years, I have enjoyed many a nice cup of tea and cake in Rossendale and Darwen, and I thought my hon.
Friend was going to invite me.
I am sure I will have one soon.
The Leader of the House may not be aware of this, but Vodafone franchises across the country, including in my constituency, have launched a High Court action because the company has cut remuneration without notice and with no justification, despite benefiting from Government payments during the pandemic to support struggling franchises.
Can we therefore have a debate on how these soulless, heartless corporate businesses are costing livelihoods, oblivious of the consequences?
These struggling franchises will close, and the workers will be sacked.
I am really sorry to hear about the case in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, and I am glad that he has taken the opportunity to raise it on the Floor of the House.
He will know this Government are committed to taking on the vested interests in this country and putting ordinary people and communities back at the front of the queue, but I will ensure that he gets a proper reply.
On Friday, I had the joy of visiting a couple of local organisations: the Southend business partnership and the Southend art collective.
What is apparent from these meetings is the will and the talent in Southend East and Rochford to reanimate the city.
However, like many constituencies, we struggle with the loss of grassroots sport, music venues, leisure facilities and high street shops.
Will the Leader of the House join me in recognising the hard work of both collectives and grant a debate on the importance of extracurricular activities in low socio- economic areas?