The Secretary of State can count on our support to bring those deals forward.
It pains me to say it, but as we have heard today, business confidence is at an all-time low, bar the pandemic.
Hiring is collapsing and companies are fleeing.
Labour has talked growth, but it has delivered decline.
The one game changer now would be a US trade deal.
Will the Secretary of State urge the Prime Minister to stop obsessing about going backwards into the EU and agree with me at this Christmas time that the best gift for British business would be for the Prime Minister to get on a plane to Washington and talk trade with President Trump?
I am afraid that the shadow Secretary of State’s analysis is too simplistic.
The US is a major trade partner and always will be, but he will know that so is the European Union and another area is our trade with China.
The future for the UK is being positioned to get the maximum benefit from all those key markets.
The kind of agreement that he puts forward would have major ramifications for British agriculture in particular, and he knows the issues associated with that.
We cannot consider one of those trade negotiations without considering the impact on all those key trading relationships.
I ask him to consider the issue in a more holistic and complete way.
Further to the successful international investment summit that my right hon.
Friend mentioned earlier, which secured £63 billion-worth of investment for the UK, the First Minister of Wales, Eluned Morgan, has recently announced that Wales will hold its own major investment summit next year.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this demonstrates the power of two Labour Governments working together in partnership to deliver economic growth for the communities we represent?
I might be biased, but I thought that the international investment summit that we held was the best day of this year.
That was not just because of the investment and the real tangible jobs that came from it, but because of the clear, simple message that we could put out there: stability, openness and improving the investment environment.
I am delighted to hear the news from Wales.
Not only will we support that, but I appreciate the strong working relationship we have on such issues as Port Talbot and getting a better deal for that community and the workforce.
We have worked hand in glove with the Welsh Labour Government, and it strengthens the things we are able to do together.