What steps his Department is taking to help increase the number of businesses exporting goods and services.
We recently launched Unlock Europe, a new export programme designed to help UK businesses build stronger relationships with European customers.
Last month, in Manchester, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State launched a new pilot scheme, alongside the mayor and his team, that offers businesses in the north-west more support in selling their products and services overseas.
We are determined to do more, and will bring forward further plans in due course.
Exports from our aerospace, defence, security and space sectors contribute around £40 billion to our economy, but without additional support, many of the small businesses I speak to in Aldershot and Farnborough are limited in their ability to export.
What can Ministers do to help them, and will the Government consider reinstating the trade show access programme, closed down by the Conservatives, to help more small and medium-sized enterprises trade around the world?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we have to do more to help small businesses in particular, and businesses in general, to export more overseas.
That is one of the key, but often understated, ways in which we can deliver growth for this country.
As part of our work on a new trade strategy and a small business strategy, we are looking at further proposals to help our businesses export more.
The Italian press has been reporting that the global combat air programme consortium, involving the UK, Italy and Japan, might be extended to include Saudi Arabia.
Can the Minister confirm this press report?
How would that affect any future decision to suspend licences to export arms to Saudi Arabia, as the Government decided to in 2019?
We are looking at working with other GCAP partners.
I was in Italy last month to discuss the further potential of GCAP, and other work that we can do with the Italians in this space, but that will not affect the issue about which the hon.
Gentleman is specifically concerned.
What steps he is taking to help improve business confidence.
The Government were forced to make difficult choices in the Budget, but the fundamentals of doing  business in the UK remain strong.
The Government’s agenda of creating an industrial strategy, getting people back to work, reforming our planning system, rebuilding our relationship with the EU, pensions reform and more, is entirely focused on improving the long-term business environment across the UK.
In the aftermath of the Budget, I spoke with many business leaders in my constituency of Solihull West and Shirley.
Invariably, they told me that they are pausing recruitment and freezing their growth plans as a direct consequence of the decisions made around taxation and the Employment Rights Bill.
What does the Secretary of State say to those businesses in my constituency that no longer have confidence in the Government and feel abandoned by their policies?
I say that the Budget was seven weeks ago, so if the Conservative party, which did not tell us how it would pay for the promises it made when it was in government, now has a plan to pay for those promises, I would welcome receiving it in writing, or hearing it here at oral questions or in a statement.
The raw reality is that the Conservative party made promises that it had no intention of keeping.
We are not going to do that; we will fix the foundations and do what we say.
The reason this Government will succeed on growth and business investment in a way that the previous Government did not has to do with the fundamentals: the return to political stability in the UK; an openness to the rest of the world, including the EU—a difficult subject for Conservative Members, I know—which is still our major trading partner; and the willingness of this Government to use their mandate to improve the business and investor environment.
Those fundamentals mean that the future of the UK is very promising.
Steel manufacturing is a vital west midlands industry, but business confidence is being dented by retrospective charging of steel safeguarding duties by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
Companies that are affected in my constituency and elsewhere feel that such duties were unfairly and wrongly imposed on them during the chaotic Brexit transition period.
They tried to work with the last Government, but got nowhere.
Given the importance of the steel sector to British industry, will the Minister work with the Treasury to resolve the issue, and ensure that these vital businesses are protected from hefty bills that they should never have been sent in the first place?