Both the Scotland Office and the Northern Ireland Office tell me that the Northern Ireland enhanced investment zone is still alive and still in play, and has not fallen into the fictitious £22 billion black hole.
However, there is no indication of when it will actually be delivered.
Given the multiple agencies involved, could we have some clarity on this?
And can we address the policy of “devolve and forget” operated by this Government, which is so damaging to both Scotland and Northern Ireland?
The hon.
Gentleman might want to raise this matter at Northern Ireland questions when we return.
In the meantime, I will ensure that Ministers have heard his question.
Queensway Gateway in my constituency is known as the “road to nowhere” because it has been left unfinished for over a decade, so my constituents in Hastings and Rye were delighted that the Labour Government confirmed more than £2.5 million to finish the road.
However, Conservative-run East Sussex county council has let the works overrun for months and months, leaving residents and businesses stuck in delays.
Local businesses have lost millions.
Will the Leader of the House join me in calling on East Sussex county council to get the road finished?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter for her constituency, and I join her in encouraging the council to get on with making sure that the road to nowhere finally goes somewhere.
There is a Dunkelflaute across the UK and the whole of Europe, meaning there is no wind and therefore reduced power generation.
That highlights the importance of alternative energy sources, such as nuclear.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to update the House on the expansion programme for small modular reactors, to ensure we have alterative power sources?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that nuclear will play an important part in our ambition to be a clean energy superpower by 2030, a target I am sure he will join me in welcoming.
I assure him that he will have the opportunity to question the Secretary of State on this matter very soon.
During UK Parliament Week, I met students at the Orchards education health and needs unit in Leadgate in my constituency, which focuses on the emotional and educational needs of key stage 4 pupils.
They told me their concerns about long waiting lists for child and adolescent mental health services, and other mental health support services, to address the needs of young people and allow them to do well in their exams.
They feel lucky to have focused support, but would like it to be available to other people.
They have asked me to ask if we can have a debate in Government time to explore urgent and strategic action to ensure that the mental health needs of all young people are met.
I really enjoy hearing about Members’ visits during Parliament Week; I know you had many such visits, Mr Speaker.
I was on “Newsround” this week talking about Parliament Week—I have never had more cut-through.
My hon.
Friend raises important issues about CAMHS and mental health support for our young people.
We are committed to getting more mental health support into our schools, and I will ensure the topic is considered for debate.
I have recently noticed an increase in case work from pensioners about accessing the west midlands pension fund, a pension scheme that appears to be run jointly by local government and the Department for Work and Pensions, administered by City of Wolverhampton council.
Will the Leader of the House assist me in trying to get Government Departments to come together to unlock what is becoming a very slow process that is affecting people from a number of constituencies in the west midlands?
I am happy to look into that issue for the right hon.
Lady.
As she knows, we have had a big drive to ensure that pensioners who are eligible for pension credit get it.
We have also put extra resources into the household support fund budget for local authorities.
She highlights an issue about Departments working together better to ensure that support gets to those who need it most, and I will take up her question.
Today, the integrated care board in Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland is due to consider a paper on the removal of prescription support for people who require gluten-free products because they are coeliac.
That would mean  people in North West Leicestershire, as well as the wider Leicestershire area, will no longer have prescription services for those products from January next year.
Around 50% of trusts in England are now in that position.
I personally know how expensive it is to manage a restricted diet, and while gluten-free products are becoming more widely available, they are still extraordinarily expensive.
Will the Leader of the House offer Government time to discuss the prescription postcode lottery for people who are coeliac?