Hopefully, we will make an announcement very shortly about plans in that area.
Will the Leader of the House please give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  16 December  includes:
Monday 16 December —Second Reading of the Water (Special Measures) Bill
[Lords].
Tuesday 17 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill.
Wednesday 18 December —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Lords Spiritual (Women) Act 2015 (Extension) Bill
[Lords], followed by Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Financial Assistance to Ukraine Bill, followed by remaining stages of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and International Committee of the Red Cross (Status) Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 19 December —General debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming adjournment.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Christmas recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 19 December  and return on  Monday 6 January 2025 .
The provisional business for the week commencing  6 January  will include: Monday 6 January —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
What a marvellous time of year it is when I see the Christmas tree in New Palace Yard, and the trilling sounds of the parliamentary and Salvation Army choirs to boot.
On a slightly more sober note, you will recall, Mr Speaker, that the story of this Government so far has been one of early scandal, a first reset and a delayed Budget, and now what we can expect to be a delayed spending review.
We must hope that at some point the Government will get round to actually making policy.
I am afraid that this week has brought further confirmation of the disastrous effects of the November Budget.
As Members will recall, the Institute for Fiscal Studies predicted at the time that the rise in national insurance would hit lower-wage and more labour-intensive parts of the economy hardest, and predicted that the Chancellor may need to raise taxes again soon.
The Chancellor’s reaction, as she told the CBI, was: “I’m really clear, I’m not coming back with more borrowing or more taxes.”
We will see how long that promise lasts.
Only this week, the Financial Times reported that hiring has fallen more sharply in the UK than in other major economies over the past year, including the US, France, Germany, Canada and Australia.
Luckily, however, we now have the Government’s new plan for change.
I think the whole House should welcome the fact that the Government now have a plan, only  14 years and seven months after they first started in opposition, and that their plan is to change direction.
I would describe the plan for change as a fine, fat Herefordshire beef cow that has been inadequately fed with the Reform party’s favourite anti-methane feed supplement, Bovaer: it is a beast full of nutrition, but with a certain amount of unnecessary flatulence.
A lot of media commentators have had fun with the Government’s blizzard of to-do lists, including their six first steps, six milestones, five national missions and three foundations, but I am afraid that they have missed the Christmas spirit of the thing—all we need now are policy announcements on turtle doves and partridges in pear trees to complete their new initiatives advent calendar.
I jest, Mr Speaker.
I come not to bury Caesar, but to praise him.
I am not going to indulge in the easy mockery of the commentariat: on the contrary, I can report genuine signs of reality breaking through in the plan for change—something rarely seen in a document from this Government.
The Prime Minister says: “In 2010, the incoming government inherited public finances in desperate need of repair.”
He is absolutely right: public finances in 2010 were in desperate need of repair.
He also says that we need “a profound cultural shift away from a declinist mentality, which has become…comfortable with failure”, and again, I think he is absolutely right.
Finally, and most notably, he says that “we cannot tax our way to prosperity or spend our way to better public services.”
Not only that, but the Government have sensibly dropped their commitment to 100% clean energy by 2030, as Conservative Members have called for, and as I specifically highlighted only a couple of weeks ago.
The plan for change is a revolutionary gospel indeed: honest about the poor performance of the previous Labour Government, realistic in not seeking to blame Governments for wider global events, seeking to adopt a longer-term approach and recognising the need to limit tax and spending.
All we can hope now is that someone spreads this revolutionary gospel, in the Christmas spirit, to the rest of the Government.
But I also have various concerns about the plan for change that I would like to put to the House.
It barely mentions the crucial short-term issue—and long-term issue—of defence, highlighted once again this week by events in Syria, or the vital long-term issue of social care, which all parties concede has been inadequately handled over the past 30 years.
These are extraordinary omissions in what purports to be an inclusive, long-term reset for the Government.
There are more fundamental questions to be addressed, too.
The idea of a mission is a fashionable one in policy circles, but it implies a total commitment to the goal.
How will that be reconciled with the obligation of the civil service, and the Prime Minister’s new efficiency tsar, to demonstrate short-term value for money?
How will all this be reconciled with the Government’s intense desire to campaign aggressively against those they see as their political enemies, rather than recruiting them soberly to a political consensus that could provide a sustainable basis for these missions?
I would be very interested to know what the Leader of the House thinks on these issues, and how they will shape her approach to the conduct of future business in this House.
May I start by saying how appalled I am—I am sure the whole House is—about the details that have emerged on the murder of Sara Sharif?
May I say, on behalf of the Government, that nothing is more important than keeping children safe?
We are committed to further reform of children’s social care and much stronger safeguards for children being taken into home education.
That is long overdue and further details will be announced imminently.
I take this opportunity to congratulate the new Chair of the Liaison Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) .
I know the Prime Minister is very much looking forward to his regular appearances before it.
I also congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Northumberland (David Smith)  on his appointment as the UK special envoy for freedom of religion or belief.
I am sure he is looking forward to his very frequent and very regular meetings with  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
I also remind the House that the Modernisation Committee’s call for views ends next Monday.
We have had huge interest in this agenda from Members old and new.
I encourage everyone to submit their ideas.
I thought we might have had a little bit more Christmas cheer from  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , but it was another rather strange and confused contribution.
Perhaps he can work on his Christmas jokes a bit more ahead of next week’s business questions.
Let me share some merry news instead, Mr Speaker.
We are making the big changes that people voted for: rebuilding Britain and fixing the mess that the Conservatives left us; reshaping the state and society to put ordinary people at the front of the queue.
Over half our King’s Speech programme is progressing through Parliament: the biggest change for workers in a generation, giving security and dignity at work; putting powers back in the hands of renters so that they can get the secure, quality tenancies they deserve; switching on Great British Energy for lower bills and energy security; bringing rail services back into public ownership, already delivering better reliability; taking on water bosses to clean up our waterways; and reforming our planning laws to build more affordable homes.
The right hon.
Gentleman does not like it, but nobody can deny that these are the big necessary changes in the service of ordinary people, rooted in our values.
And yes, we have a plan for change—the right hon.
Gentleman asked about it—and we are delivering it.
The country voted for change: they voted to change from the Conservatives’ government and record; they voted to improve their living standards; they voted to change the NHS; and they voted because they wanted this country to be fixed.
He raises defence and social care spending.
Perhaps that is his best Christmas joke so far, because the Conservatives’ record on that is woeful.
We will not take any lectures from them on that, I am afraid.
The truth is that we are six weeks into the new Leader of the Opposition’s tenure and the Conservatives’ strategy for opposition is as clear as mud.
They seem to have learnt nothing.
They have no new ideas.
They disown their record one day and defend it the next.
Perhaps instead of the right hon.
Gentleman’s ridiculous tired commentary, they could reflect and apologise for the mess they left, and ensure that the country gets the change it deserves.
rose— The Leader of the House rightly mentioned a live case.
I hope nobody will add to that, because it is in the courts at the moment.
Next year, Bradford district will take on the honour of city of culture.
My constituency will be hosting events celebrating local artists and our industrial heritage.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in wishing Bradford 2025 well, and will she consider granting time for a debate on the contribution of northern cities to our British culture?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Bradford as the city of culture.
She is absolutely right to point out how much of our British culture is rooted in our northern cities like Bradford, Manchester and others—Chorley and elsewhere, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that will make a great topic for a debate.