One of the ingredients for a successful high street is having a post office in the mix.
The Government have inherited a network of 11,500 post offices, and that number has been stable since 2010.
Will the Minister commit to supporting high streets by maintaining the scale of the post office network in this Parliament?
Yes, we are determined to maintain and, indeed, strengthen the post office network.
I suspect that the hon.
Member will recognise that we inherited a Post Office with huge problems, which we are working with the new leadership of the Post Office to begin to tackle.
We are looking at what new commercial opportunities there may be for the Post Office, and banking appears to be the most significant one.
We are also  working with the Post Office to identify some of its infrastructure problems, not least in developing a replacement for the Horizon scheme.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of levels of take up of parental leave.
The parental rights survey 2019 found that 89% of employee mothers took maternity leave and 70% of employee fathers took paternity leave, but take-up of shared parental leave is much lower.
In fact, it is disappointingly low, which is why we are committed to a review of the parental leave system.
Work is under way to deliver on that, and I will provide an update in due course.
I agree with the Minister: it is very disappointing.
For many parents, current maternity pay is too low, and the leave system is not flexible enough.
A recent report by the BBC said that almost half of new fathers were unaware of what was available to them.
The system is skewed, and the take-up is lower among lower earning families.
That is particularly important—this was pointed out to me by a constituent in Edinburgh West—for those with multiple births who need not only more time but more financial support during maternity leave.
Does the Minister agree that maternity pay levels need to be increased, and that the flexibility of the scheme needs to be improved, as does public awareness?
The hon.
Member makes a number of points, which I am sure we will consider as part of the review we are undertaking.
The Employment Rights Bill has a number of important measures to support working families, bringing 1.5 million parents into scope for parental leave and another 32,000 into scope for paternity leave.
We are keen to build on that and we want to support families who are in work.
What recent estimate he has made of the contribution of creative industries to the economy.
The creative industries are a huge force for good in our country.
They were responsible for 2.4 million jobs last year, and more than £124 billion for our GDP in 2022.
They are one of eight growth sectors in our industrial strategy.
We are working closely with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and across Government, to identify what more we can do to draw out even more of the potential growth that Britain’s creative businesses can offer.
As we all settle down for Christmas, we will be watching “Mission: Impossible”, “James Bond”, “Ironclad”, and perhaps even “Call the Midwife”, which were all filmed in Medway—[Interruption.]
And also “The Great Escape”, which was not filmed in  Medway, unfortunately.
How can we make “Mission: Impossible” possible across our country when it comes to new films?
I cannot follow the impressive nature of that question, but I can tell my hon.
Friend that in the Budget my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor confirmed a new independent film tax credit, which will help to enable the successes that he has alluded to in his constituency and the surrounding area to be spread, potentially, across the country.
That will allow more businesses to set up and generate growth and wealth for our country.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Post Office closures on high streets.
No decisions have been taken on the future of any directly managed branches, including in Chester-le-Street in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The Post Office continues to work with local communities, and others, to consider how best to meet the need for post office services in a local area.
The Government set minimum access criteria to ensure that 99% of the UK population live within 3 miles of a post office, and those Government-set access criteria ensure that, regardless of changes, services remain within reach of all citizens.
The post office in Chester-le-Street has been at the heart of the community in North Durham since 1936, and offers vital services to my constituents.
Does the Minister agree that keeping those services accessible is vital to keeping footfall on our high streets and encouraging other businesses to locate themselves there?
I recognise the significance of the post office in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, as indeed I recognise the significance of post offices in my constituency and across the UK.
It is important to maintain access to post office services as they play a crucial role in the high street.
That is why we are determined to work with the Post Office to strengthen the network, as I alluded to earlier.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
It has been a hugely significant six months for the Department for Business and Trade.
After our record-breaking international investment summit and our industrial strategy Green Paper publication, my Department has been engaging with businesses big and small to drive growth.
Just this week we have helped to land a £500 million train-building deal with Hitachi, securing hundreds of jobs in the north-east—another promise fulfilled from the election campaign.
For smaller businesses we are reforming business rates to breathe new life into our high streets, while launching a new fair payment code, tackling late payments to SMEs, and  supporting new high street rental auctions to improve town centres.
As we have heard, our brand new business growth service will streamline SME support on everything from finance to exports.
We are also tackling the challenges that we inherited, negotiating a better deal for Tata Steel employees in Port Talbot, while progressing a UK-wide steel strategy.
Our Horizon convictions redress scheme shows that we are righting the wrongs of the past for victims of the Post Office scandal.
I look forward to working with all hon.
Members in the new year, delivering on our plan for change, going for growth, and realising a decade of national renewal.
In addition, Mr Speaker, I would like to wish you, all hon.
Members, and businesses across the UK a very merry Christmas.
Thank you, very kind.
My constituents still mourn the loss of our M&S outlet in 2015, but we are delighted that Superbowl UK has just opened in Aldershot.
These anchor retail and leisure tenants are so vital for our town centres, so what can the Government do to assist communities such as mine to ensure that we can encourage businesses to be the cornerstone and footfall drivers of our town centres?
I very much agree and welcome the question from my hon.
Friend.
I certainly recognise that high streets are going through a transition from being primarily retail centres to now having much more of a mix of retail, hospitality and leisure, and I am delighted to hear about Superbowl’s investment in Aldershot.
I am not nostalgic for a town centre or a high street that has passed; it is about how we do that transition into the future.
There is great practice around the country, whether in Aldershot or in Walthamstow, where I was recently, and the Government’s agenda is committed to delivering that.
I remind the Secretary of State that these are topical questions, and contributions should be short.
I come to the shadow Secretary of State for a good example.
One of the great British innovations is the gift of free trade, lifting billions out of poverty abroad and increasing prosperity at home.
Thanks to the Conservatives, this week the UK proudly joined the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, a bloc that includes some of the world’s fastest-growing economies, as well as major trading partners and investors, such as Japan and Canada.
With the Government having precious little else to show on growth so far, will the Secretary of State update the House on when he expects to conclude free trade deals with the Gulf, with India and with the US?
At least we have some things we can agree on there, which is a nice start to the Christmas period.
I agree that the UK has always been and must be a champion of free trade in a world where trade issues will be politically significant in 2025.
We can work together on that future.
We believe that we have progressed the Gulf Co-operation Council trade deal significantly.
The shadow Secretary of State will know that there were some problems between the previous  Government and some countries in the GCC, particularly the UAE, where the relationship had unfortunately got into a difficult place.
We have repaired that and the talks are going well.
It is always a mistake to put a deadline on those, because it can limit our negotiating potential.
When it comes to the US, we will see what happens with the President-elect, but I am looking forward to negotiation and discussion about that.
Come on, Secretary of State.