What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of the funding plans outlined in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Mansion House speech.
What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of the funding plans outlined in the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s Mansion House speech.
Growth is the Government’s No. 1 mission and, in her Mansion House speech, the Chancellor announced a package of reforms to drive growth and investment across the UK.
I have lost count of the number of times I have had conversations with businesses where they talked about how our appetite for risk is not in the right place, and we are looking to reform that.
Here in DBT, we are driving change through our new industrial strategy working across Departments, which we will publish in the spring.
High-growth companies across Buckingham and Bletchley rely on foreign direct investment for their growth and innovation.
Will the Minister set out the steps her Department and the Minister for Investment are taking to ensure that the Office for Investment can attract more foreign private investment to help the high- potential industries in which Britain excels?
We have an expanded Office for Investment, which brings together the Department for Business and Trade, No. 10 and the Treasury.
Our Investment Minister is working at pace travelling around the world to bring in investment.
I met her and the Office for Investment this week, and we are in constant dialogue about how we can bring more foreign direct investment into the country, building on the £63 billion announced at the investment summit, and how we can kick-start the economy after 14 years of failure.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer mentioned growth over 40 times in her superb Mansion House speech.
York, Leeds and beyond will benefit from that.
How will my hon.
Friend ensure that the industrial strategy delivers for financial services so that we can achieve the growth this country desperately needs?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the UK’s world-leading financial services sector.
Through the Treasury, we are developing a 10-year financial services strategy and, of course, financial services is one of the pillars of our industry strategy, which we will publish in the spring.
We cannot take the UK’s status as a global financial centre for granted.
In a highly competitive world, we need to earn that status and work to keep it, and that is what we intend to do.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase the size of the co-operative sector.
The Government are committed to doubling the size of the mutuals and co-op sector.
The creation of Great British Energy will help drive a significant expansion in the number of energy co-operatives, while work to modernise co-op, credit union and mutual law to drive expansion was recently announced by Treasury colleagues.
We will work particularly closely with the recently established mutual and co-operative business council on this agenda.
We will bring forward further proposals in due course.
Co-operative businesses can be the life- blood of our towns and communities.
In my constituency, I have been working with stakeholders and interested parties to bring about a community co-operative bookshop, following the closure of independent bookshops in Southport in recent years due to the cost of living.
May I take this opportunity to encourage new expressions of interest in the bookshop, and to ask the Minister to confirm what more support the Government can provide for our co-operative sector, so that towns like mine can see a thriving high street built around our community?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline the positive community impacts that co-operatives, mutual businesses and social enterprises can have not only on our high streets, but in our communities more generally.
We recently announced a significant increase in the capital available to the British Business Bank, and that has enabled us to give £150 million of additional support to community banks, or community development finance institutions, as they are officially known.
That will help drive more lending to community businesses, potentially including the one he set out, but if there is anything I can do to support the initiative, I would be happy to meet him to discuss it.
What steps he is taking to support businesses in Northern Ireland.
Businesses in Northern Ireland, like businesses across the UK, are crying out for stability, open trade and an environment in which we can break down barriers to growth and investment, and that is what the Government are working across the board to deliver.
My Department has a team in Belfast to help stay close to businesses in Northern Ireland and to understand what they need.
Of course, we also work closely with Invest Northern Ireland, the Department for the Economy and other key partners.
I have spoken with Northern Ireland businesses during my short time in office, and I am encouraged by their passion and resilience.
Northern Ireland businesses, large and small, received just 0.6% of what the Government spent with UK defence companies between 2018 and  2023, compared with 25% in the south-east of England.
As my Committee heard when we visited Northern Ireland last week, Spirit AeroSystems, which works on high-value defence and other aerospace contracts, faces an uncertain future, as half of its 3,600-strong workforce in Belfast wait to find out whether their jobs are safe following Boeing’s buy-out of the company and the subsequent takeover by Airbus of only 50% of the work at its site in the city.
We all know what happens to supply chains, communities and individuals in these circumstances, so what discussions are Ministers having with Cabinet colleagues, with Airbus, and with other interested parties to safeguard those jobs at Spirit now and to increase Government spend with Northern Ireland defence companies in the future?
[Interruption.]
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I know it’s Christmas, but come on.
[Laughter.]
We love a long question, and it was a good one.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue, one that we are all of course concerned about.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State met the global chief executive officer of Airbus last week, and I have met representatives of Airbus, Boeing and Spirit AeroSystems and talked about this issue.
We care about those jobs and about the future of our defence industry in the UK—it is incredibly important to us for many reasons—so we are doing what we can to make sure there is a good outcome.
This will be a good example of a short question.
I call Jim Shannon.
Challenged already!
In the short time that the Minister has been in her role, she has shown quite clearly that she has a deep interest in Northern Ireland.
Defence, light engineering and cyber-security are all vital to jobs and the economy in Northern Ireland, but what assessment has been made of the sustainability and efficiency of Northern Ireland’s agrifood sector, and will the Minister commit to promote the productivity of that industry across the United Kingdom and, indeed, across the world?
That is as short as I can make it, Mr Speaker.
More!
The agrifood sector is incredibly important —I meet representatives of the sector, and I will do all I can.
As always, I am very keen to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about what more we as a Government can do to support the sector.
What steps his Department is taking to support high streets.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support high streets.
What steps his Department is taking to support high streets.
Working across government with mayors, local authorities and—crucially—local communities, we are beginning to tackle antisocial behaviour and crime, reforming business rates, working with the banking industry to roll out 350 banking hubs, stamping out late payments, empowering communities to make the most of vacant properties, strengthening the post office network and reforming the apprenticeship levy.