Farmers in my constituency maintain the highest animal welfare standards.
They want reassurance that those will not be undercut by any future UK-US trade deal as they were by some of the deals done by the previous Government.
Will the Minister assure me that the mandate and the detail of a trade deal will come to the House before the Government sign it, as many Members on the Government Front Bench agreed when they were in opposition?
If not, why not?
There is an established process in taking forward the Government’s discussions in relation to the mandate.
On animal welfare standards, the Secretary of State has already alluded to how there was clearly considerable divergence during the previous attempts to conclude a free trade agreement with the United States.
I assure the House that we as a new Government continue to take issues of animal welfare extremely seriously.
In Norwich, we have many amazing businesses such as the Norwich Glass Company, Café 193 and Great Eastern Model Railways that I visited recently.
One of the challenges that they, the Norfolk chamber of commerce and the Federation of Small Businesses have raised is attracting skilled staff.
Will the Secretary of State set out how the Government’s skills plan will support such businesses to attract the staff they need?
I recognise what my hon.
Friend is saying in her question, which is that skills will be one of the biggest, if not the biggest issue for businesses going forward.
Of course, that sits in the Department for Education and we work closely with colleagues on that.
We have the creation of Skills England and the reforms to the apprenticeship levy to create the growth and skills levy.
Indeed, I think that my CEO call next week—I do those regularly—will be with the Secretary of State for education, where we will discuss this problem.
Businesses from her constituency would be welcome to join that.
I am sure that the Secretary of State agrees that creating high-value jobs in science and technology is important.
In local business, our local plan gives us the opportunity to build a science and technology park delivering over 5,000 high-value jobs, but we cannot proceed until the Department for Transport releases funds for local highway improvements.
Will the Secretary of State press the Secretary of State for Transport to take action so that work can progress and we can deliver jobs and growth in Mid Sussex?
The hon.
Member’s question is perhaps more for the Secretary of State for Transport, but she skilfully put that to me.
I assure her that I will work with the Secretary of State for Transport to do that.
How we assemble investment sites is a huge issue, and how we can work better across Government with local partners is also a key issue for us.
Last week, research published by Sage showed that 84% of small businesses in the north-east plan to increase their investment in technology next year.
As the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee launches its inquiry into innovation, growth and the regions, how will the Business Secretary ensure that the industrial strategy boosts adoption of technology—particularly British-developed technology—to boost growth across all our regions?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the Chancellor of the Exchequer recently announced £20.4 billion in investment for research and development for the next year, which will help to drive even more of the type of technological investment that she rightly champions.
We are also working with small businesses to encourage them to adopt more digital technologies through the digital adoption taskforce.
Businesses in Bognor Regis and Littlehampton are at the sharp end of the Bank of England’s business confidence survey.
Unlike the Chancellor and the Secretary of State, they know that her Budget and the Employment Rights Bill are a recipe for higher prices, higher inflation, higher interest rates and higher unemployment.
Is that the growth that the Secretary of State had in mind?
We have had seven or eight of the same question from the Opposition Benches, and not a single answer to how they would pay for the promises that they make.
We are getting on with fixing the  foundations, looking to the future and improving the business environment across the board.
That is why businesses in the hon.
Lady’s area and mine should look to 2025 with real confidence.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on British buses.
The Secretary of State will be aware of the consultation on 160 jobs at Alexander Dennis in my constituency.
In September, it cited an increasingly unlevel playing field over a number of years for domestic bus manufacturers.
That shows the requirement for a clear industrial strategy.
What assurances can the Minister give me, as part of implementing the industrial strategy, that the Labour Government are working to level the playing field for domestic manufacturers?
I recognise the issue and I welcome my hon.
Friend’s raising it at the annual dinner of the Society for Motor Manufacturers and Traders.
It matters to this Government that we make these products in the UK.
There have been specific procurement issues, mainly with local areas.
I promise him the meeting that he needs to take that forward, but I assure him that the industrial strategy will cover this issue.
My constituent Kirsty is self-employed and is looking to adopt a child, but she does not qualify for adoption leave or adoption pay and, because she is not having her child biologically, she does not qualify for maternity allowance.
Would the Government support changing that, whether through the Employment Rights Bill or otherwise, so that brilliant future parents are not put off from adopting because they cannot afford it?
That is an interesting question.
There is a great interplay with rights for self-employed people.
We are committing to a review on that in due course, together with a wider look at the parental leave system.
We will get back to the hon.
Lady on that.