Question 14, Mr Speaker.
No, just ask the question.
You’re grouped.
I did not realise you had grouped them, Mr Speaker.
Forgive me—a schoolboy error.
What advice would the Minister give struggling businesses in my constituency who are trying to work out how to absorb Labour’s national insurance hike?
Would he advise them to increase their prices, to squeeze wages or to cut investment, and can he explain to those businesses how that fits with the Government’s promises to increase growth?
I think the best advice I could give to businesses in the right hon.
Member’s constituency is to never vote Conservative again.
His and his party’s idea of good economics in Government seems to be to create a huge fiscal hole and leave it to the next Administration to fix it.
We are working at pace to try to tackle the difficult economic inheritance that he and his colleagues in Government helped to create.
Measures such as the industrial strategy and the decisions we have taken in the Budget—albeit some are difficult—will help to bring  back economic stability to this country.
In the long run, that will help businesses in his constituency and, indeed, in constituencies up and down the country.
On Small Business Saturday recently, I had the pleasure of visiting Derby’s small businesses of various types, which are the beating heart of our city.
However, as our planned city centre regeneration project recognises, empty shops on our high street do not reflect the high-performing, high-technology economy that we are so proud to have in Derby.
Building on the new community right to buy, what more can the Department do to ensure that community groups receive the correct business advice and support to use this new right and to breathe new life and vibrancy into our high streets?
I commend my hon.
Friend not only for his work recently on Small Business Saturday, but as the leader of Derby council in driving the town centre regeneration work that he mentioned.
We are determined to establish a small business growth service to provide better support and information to small businesses so that entrepreneurs in this country can take advantage of new powers to set up small businesses on the high street, perhaps capitalising on the high-tech, high-growth sectors of the economy to which Derby has access, and in that way making sure that we see benefits from the industrial strategy not just for bigger businesses, but for smaller businesses.
My hon.
Friend will know from his visit to Gateshead this week some of the fantastic small businesses we have on our high street, but also some of the incredible challenges faced by so many high streets and town centres.
With that in mind, will he tell us what the Government are doing on access to finance for small businesses?
Despite the considerable cold, I very much enjoyed my recent visit to Gateshead town centre, and I was impressed by the dynamism of the businesses that he and I met at his instigation in the railway quarter.
One of the things we are determined to do is to increase access to finance for small businesses up and down the country.
That is why we have provided over £1 billion across this year and next year for the British Business Bank, particularly to drive access to finance for small businesses such as the ones to which he introduced me.