Dalton Mills in Keighley, which has previously been the film set for “Peaky Blinders” and the like, has unfortunately experienced continual arson attacks.
The most damaging fire was back in March 2022, when £15 million of damage was caused, and the most recent arson attack happened only two days ago.
The situation is causing deep concern to many constituents across Keighley because the site, which is owned by the Crown Estate, is dangerous and derelict, and needs to be secured.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the responsibility of landowners, including the Crown Estate, to ensure that derelict sites that are dangerous are properly secured?
The situation the hon.
Gentleman describes with the film set in Keighley is deeply concerning; I will ensure that he gets a full reply about it.
The Crown Estates Bill will shortly be coming back to the House, so there may be an opportunity for him to raise the issue during its passage.
Dementia is the leading cause of death in the United Kingdom.
In my constituency of Wolverhampton West, it is estimated that nearly 30% of dementia cases are undiagnosed.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate to give dementia the political priority it deserves, so that there is earlier diagnosis, with timely social, medical and nursing care for sufferers, as well as mental health and other support for carers, and so that positive steps are taken to find a cure for dementia?
We can all relate to my hon.
Friend’s question on the blight of dementia and the suffering of those who have it and of their families.
The Government are committed to tackling those issues.
The matter has been raised in business questions a number of times, so I am sure it would make a popular Backbench Business debate were he to apply for one.
Trains between Rose Hill Marple and Manchester Piccadilly are timetabled to run every 30 minutes in the morning, yet this morning, only one made it between 7 o’clock and 9 o’clock and it had only two carriages.
Such a lack of service is not unusual; it happens once or twice a week.
Since the breakdown of discussions between the conductors and  the already nationalised Northern, there have been no services on a Sunday.
That is massively impacting my constituents, who are having to reject job offers because they cannot have faith that they will get to work on time.
Will the Leader of the House allocate some Government time for a debate about services on the Hope Valley line?
I am all too well aware of the challenges on the Northern network that the hon.
Lady describes and the issues on Sundays and with cancellations and capacity.
I know that there are ongoing discussions and that this is at the top of the agenda for the Secretary of State for Transport.
I will ensure that she comes to the House as soon as she has any further information to share.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Sussex Circus Fish Bar in Chaddesden for its 50 years of frying, and its owner Ronnie, who was two weeks old when his parents opened it?
With one in seven of us choosing to have fish and chips for Christmas dinner, a debate on the enduring contribution of chippies to our national culture and cuisine and as a focal point in our communities would be timely, allowing us to discuss how we can support and thank those high street food business that serve us at this time of year.
They’ll be cold at this rate.
I think we can agree that we are all a bit partial to some lovely fish and chips.
Ronnie’s Sussex Circus Fish Bar sounds like one place we should all be visiting.
I congratulate them as well.
My hon.
Friend might want to raise the issues she mentions in the Adjournment debate next Thursday, which is a great opportunity for people to raise issues to do with Christmas, and I am sure we will have good attendance.
Invitations to local eateries are always welcome.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am sure that the Leader of the House will agree that we should always acknowledge and congratulate Great British sporting success stories and that every Member was glued to their television on Sunday to watch McLaren secure its first constructors’ championship since 1998.
Will she join me in congratulating McLaren, that Great British icon, on its success?
Also, to make up for the apparent lack of acknowledgment from the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, can we have a debate on the value of motorsport to the British economy?
I would rather not talk about sport today, as a Manchester City fan.
Anyway, I certainly join the hon.
Member in congratulating McLaren.
My son is a big Formula 1 fan and has all the McLaren gear, so it does not go unnoticed in my house.
McLaren is a Great British icon and on behalf of the Government, I congratulate it.
Last week, the University of Northampton published its economic impact assessment, which showed that for every £1 of income it receives, it generates £4 in my local economy, and that 54% of graduates entered full-time jobs in the  health and education sectors, compared with 38% nationally.
Will the Leader of the House join me in recognising the importance of universities such as mine to local economies?
Will she also make Government time to support fair funding for universities, such as the University of Northampton?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating the University of Northampton.
It sounds like it has a strong track record.
He will know that we have inherited a really difficult situation when it comes to higher education funding in this country, but the Secretary of State for Education is focused on that matter
and I know that she will keep the House updated on her plans.
Will the Leader of the House allow time for a debate so that we can pay tribute to our young sporting heroes?
I am sure that all Members have many examples, but 22-year-old cyclist Oscar Onley from Kelso was recently awarded the title of male rider of the year by Scottish Cycling after becoming the first Scottish-developed rider to start the Tour de France for 31 years.
Will she take this opportunity to congratulate Oscar on behalf of us all?
Absolutely.
I join the hon.
Member in congratulating Oscar on his fantastic achievement.
Oscar was really breaking some ground there—cycling in the Tour de France as a Scottish-developed cyclist.
Pippa, Britain’s first ever illegal vape sniffer dog, won a special hero award this week from the Chartered Trading Standards Institute.
Springer spaniel Pippa was honoured along with Rochdale trading standards and police for their work seizing vapes targeted at children by organised crime groups.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Pippa and the Rochdale team on their dogged detective work?
Now that is a good Christmas joke!
That’s how to tell ‘em, I say.
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Pippa on her very paws-itive work.
[Hon.
Members: “Urgh”.]
Never mind.
Perhaps the team want to come to Manchester Central to clear up some of the vapes we have there.
In Sawtry, in my constituency of Huntingdon, Freda and John Grace have created a Christmas display at their home to rival the bright lights of Regent Street.
They have overcome the damage from Storm Bert, rebuilt the display and opened their home for all to enjoy, raising £267 on opening night alone.
The lights will be on every afternoon until 9 pm, until  1 January , should anybody wish to look at them—I am looking here at  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Andrew Pakes) , if he should find himself passing by.
Will the Leader of House join me in congratulating Freda and John on their fantastic effort to raise money for charity and to spread some Christmas cheer?
Can she make time in the parliamentary schedule to celebrate fundraisers in all our constituencies, especially during this Christmas period?
May I join the hon.
Member in congratulating and thanking Freda and John for their very generous activities and all their fundraising work?
He is absolutely right that we should all come together as often as we can in this House to congratulate and celebrate our constituents for the great work that they do.