There is no clearer pointer on business confidence than the Bank of England’s recent survey on employers’ responses to the Budget.
Some 59% expect lower profit margins;  54% expect to raise prices; 54% expect lower employment; and 38% expect to pay lower wages than they otherwise would have.
Now City AM reports that Labour has carelessly lost all its business backers.
Will the Secretary of State show any contrition, admit that business confidence is through the floor, and start standing up for business, rather than the Treasury?
Well, what can I say?
Was it the Conservative party that increased corporation tax from 19% to 25% in one Budget, and that crashed business investment and confidence because of the way it mishandled Brexit, failing to prepare for either outcome of a yes/no referendum?
And which Opposition Front Benchers played a role in the mini-Budget?
Frankly, it was all of them.
With respect to the hon.
Gentleman, I will not take advice from him.
Since the Budget, I have heard repeatedly from Conservative colleagues that they want to lower taxes and increase spending, even though they cannot account for the promises that they made when in government.
That is not credible unless they engage with reality, as this Government are doing.
Whether it is the response to the Chancellor’s speech at Mansion House or finally sorting out Marks & Spencer this week, this Government are getting on with the job and looking to the future.
Sorry seems to be the hardest word.
[Interruption.]
I am talking about the Government’s Budget.
Further proof of how low business confidence is getting under this Government was given in evidence to the Employment Rights Bill Committee.
Jane Gratton of the British Chamber of Commerce predicted “a reduced hiring appetite were this legislation to come in, and that” their members “would be less likely to recruit new employees due to the risk and difficulty, particularly under the day one rights”.––[Official Report, Employment Rights Public Bill Committee,  26 November 2024 ; c. 8, Q2.]
If business confidence is low, employment goes down.
We already know that every Labour Government leave unemployment higher than when they took office, but is it not a bit extreme for this Labour Government to legislate for that outcome?
If the hon.
Gentleman googles that statistic, he will find that it is not actually true, but I appreciate that it is demanding being in opposition, and that there may not always be the capacity and resources required.
As we heard on the excellent Second Reading of that legislation, the vast majority of employers in the UK already operate to a higher standard than the level to which the floor is being raised in the Employment Rights Bill.
I do not in any way pull back from saying that some of the most vulnerable, insecure and low paid members of our society will benefit from the Bill; that is exactly what it is about.
Those people may have given up on politics or think that the mainstream political system will not deliver for them.
I reject the claim that certain industries require a supply of labour from jobs that do not give people the security and dignity that they need.
This is a set of proportionate, reasonable reforms that will make a difference— Order.
I have a list of speakers here.
I call Munira Wilson.
If he will make an assessment with the Secretary of State for Education of the potential merits of introducing a right to paid employment leave for kinship carers.
We recognise the vital role that kinship carers play in caring for vulnerable children, and the challenges that many face in balancing that care with employment.
We recently announced the largest ever investment in support for kinship carers: £40 million to trial a kinship allowance in up to 10 local authorities.
We will also review the parental leave system to ensure that it best supports all working families, and work is already under way to plan for that delivery.
I am sure the Minister will agree that kinship carers are unsung heroes, who often step up at a moment’s notice to look after a child whose parents cannot, but four in 10 are forced to give up work to do so, which means they often struggle to pay the bills or put food on the table.
Will the Minister look to right that wrong through the Employment Rights Bill, and introduce a right to paid employment leave for kinship carers, given the savings to the public purse and the better outcomes for children that arise from kinship care?
I met a kinship carer in my constituency recently who told me about the challenges the hon.
Lady has articulated.
The carer said that the most important thing to her was getting respite care—a point that we can all recognise.
We are looking at how the trial pans out.
I have spoken in detail to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  about the proposals coming forward, but we think it is best to see how the trial works, and to look at the wider review of the parental leave system.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector.
Hospitality businesses are at the heart of our communities and are vital for economic growth.
The Government are creating a fairer business rates system, reducing alcohol duty on qualifying draught products and reforming the apprenticeship levy to support businesses and boost opportunities.
We are addressing strategic issues for the hospitality sector relating to high-street regeneration, skills, sustainability and productivity, and that work will be supported by the publication of the small business strategy Command Paper next year.
In Reigate, Redhill, Banstead and our villages, we have many amazing pubs that contribute hugely to the economy, such as the Garibaldi community pub in Redhill.
For those businesses to thrive, reform of the unfair business rates system by 2026 is critical.
Will the Minister commit to the proposed 20p reduction to  the small business rate multiplier, which is the absolute minimum reduction needed for the long-term sustainability of the pub sector?
The hon.
Lady will know that the Chancellor of the Exchequer committed in the recent Budget to a series of reforms to business rates, including permanently lower business rates for hospitality businesses from 2026-27.
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s support for that measure.
UKHospitality has estimated that the Budget measures will increase the cost of employing one employee by £2,500.
Shops, pubs and restaurants across my constituency have said that that will lead to higher prices or fewer jobs.
Will the Minister at least consider delaying the implementation of the national insurance contribution increase to 2026-27, when the planned realignment of business rates is due to come in?
I am sure that the right hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that in the Budget, the Chancellor more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500.
That will mean that more than a million small businesses, many of them hospitality businesses, will see no increase in their national insurance liabilities next year.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of free trade deals on farmers.
Our approach to trade deals considers the impact on and opportunities for the agricultural sector, along with other sectors of the economy, and, of course, our growth mission.
The Government will publish impact assessments to aid the ratification process for new free trade agreements.
I worked with farmers for many years as a veterinary surgeon, and now I meet them regularly as an MP, so I am aware that farmers in Hampshire and the rest of the country were hugely disappointed when the previous Conservative Government signed trade deals that undermined our high animal welfare standards.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that after future trade deals, British farmers will not have to compete with products produced to lower animal welfare standards—for example, battery hens, or products that involve the indiscriminate use of antibiotics, which is also a public health issue?
It is not only vets and farmers who are proud of our high animal welfare standards, but the British public, so will the Minister confirm that he does not want to compromise on those standards?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for bringing his considerable expertise in veterinary science to the Chamber today.
We will not compromise on animal welfare standards as we take forward our programme of free trade agreements.
Although we might well have approached the negotiations that the previous Government undertook in a different manner, reopening them would certainly create uncertainty, which we genuinely  believe would hurt UK business.
We are not seeing Australian or New Zealand beef and lamb flood the UK market, and we will continue to monitor trade flows under both those free trade agreements.
He makes a very fair and important point about the need to maintain welfare standards.
What steps his Department is taking to support small and medium-sized businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses are the beating heart of our high streets and communities, and are essential to our economic success.
That is why, on Small Business Saturday, I announced the business growth service, which will ensure that businesses across the UK get quicker and easier support and advice from Government.
Further announcements include the disability finance code for entrepreneurship to improve access to capital and tackle inequality for disabled entrepreneurs.
A new fair payment code was launched by the Office of the Small Business Commissioner to help address late payments.
Next year, as my hon.
Friend has said, the small business strategy will be published to create thriving high streets, easier access to finance, open overseas and domestic markets and enhanced business capability.
Small and medium-sized businesses come in many forms, from microbusinesses to community interest companies and co-operatives.
Often, co-operative and mutual business models are overlooked.
Norwich has a proud history of co-operatives.
Will the Secretary of State reassure me that co-operative and mutual business models will be properly included in this Government’s much-needed push to support small and medium-sized businesses?
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend’s question.
My area on the eastern side of Greater Manchester has, like hers, a huge history of co-operatives and mutuals.
The diversity in business models that they bring is a huge strength; they bring different things to the market and different ways of doing business.
The resilience in co-operative models is particularly attractive.
I can assure her that they form part of the Government’s wider strategy.
Our ambition is to double mutuals’ size in the economy.
The Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow West (Gareth Thomas) , the small business Minister, is leading on that work, and I would love my hon.
Friend and businesses from her area to be involved in it.
Last week, I had the pleasure of visiting the winners of my first Small Business Saturday awards in Southampton Itchen.
They were Riann Care, The Bunker, Miss Ellie’s Café and Julie’s Dance Studio.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating them on their role in ensuring a thriving local economy?
What assurances he can offer them that this Government have the back of small businesses?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I certainly join him in congratulating those local businesses on their work and, indeed, all Members of Parliament on the work that they do on their constituency days to champion and support local businesses.
The Government’s agenda includes long-term reform of business rates to create permanently low business rates for retail, hospitality and leisure.
The launch of high-street rental auctions, getting rid of derelict property in town centres, is also hugely exciting.
The business growth service is predominantly about recognising that although the Government do a lot, businesses can often find it hard to access exactly what they need.
I have looked around the world—to the US and its Small Business Administration, and to Singapore and its Enterprise Singapore, for example—to discover the best models.
That is what we will take forward in 2025, and I find it a hugely exciting agenda.
Last Saturday was indeed Small Business Saturday.
It was an opportunity for us to celebrate and support the many small businesses in our constituencies.
However, too many of them are really worried about the increase in national insurance contributions—the £25 billion jobs tax—and there is simply no easy answer for them.
They cannot just put up their prices, so they are looking at staffing levels.
Why are the Government so against aspiration, and how do they think they will improve productivity and deliver growth in the economy?
Conservative Members know what they left behind, and I have not heard any of them offer an alternative.
The specific answer to the right hon.
Member’s question is that employment allowance was doubled in the Budget and the threshold was taken off.
That is why 1 million, mainly smaller, businesses are paying less or the same in national insurance contributions as they were before the Budget.
She should tell the House how the Conservative party would pay for the infected blood scandal—the victims of which we are all committed to compensating—Post Office compensation, support for the steel industry, and the advanced manufacturing plan that we inherited, because none of that was in our departmental budget.
We are fixing the foundations with long-term public investment and an agenda based on higher business investment and better, stronger economic growth in every part of the UK.
The Government have raised national insurance charges on employers and introduced a family farm and a family business tax.
The Employment Rights Bill will raise business costs by £5 billion, predominantly for small businesses.
As a result of those changes, does the Secretary of State believe that SMEs will employer more or fewer people?
I have absolutely no doubt that the Government’s agenda is one for employment, business investment and growth.
Some of the things that this country needs the most could only have been delivered by a change of Government.
I simply do not believe that the Conservative party is capable of reforming the planning system or having a long-term industrial strategy, fixing our relationship with the European Union, and all the rest of it.
Yes, there have been challenges, but the Conservatives know what they left behind.
They knew  what they were doing.
There is a reason the Conservative party had no spending plans for the next financial year.
We have had to confront that reality, but we cannot have the kind of success that this country needs unless we are willing to fix the foundations and focus on the long term.
The Chancellor did that in the Budget, and the agenda of the Department for Business and Trade is extremely attractive for the future.