Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Bernie Ricke, President of UAW Local 600 in Dearborn, Michigan, on the occasion of his retirement.
His dedication to the UAW over the last 51 years, and his leadership of Local 600 for the past 15 years, is worthy of commendation.
UAW Local 600 currently has over 30,000 active and retired members, representing a diverse membership from the Ford Rouge Complex, AK Steel, truck drivers, independent part suppliers, as well as healthcare and technical office professionals.
They currently have over 47 autonomous bargaining units throughout Southeastern Michigan.
Bernie was born into the auto industry as the son of an engineer who worked at Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler.
At the age of 18, Bernie took a job in a Ford warehouse and shortly thereafter joined the UAW as a member of Local 600 in November of 1973.
He quickly took on more roles within the union, holding positions of Financial Secretary, District Committee-person, Bargaining Committee-person, and Vice President of the Parts Depot Unit.
From 1997 he served as the Second and First Vice President of Local 600 before being elected President in 2009.
His leadership over the last 15 years has earned him the respect Browning said about Bernie ``He's unselfish, He's humble.
And he's a really powerful presence in our union.''
Rory Gamble, the former president of the UAW, said ``Bernie's leadership legacy will fare well over the years as historians look back at his impact on the UAW and Ford.
He was steady, fair, and successful for members in the worst of times.
If the measure of a man is the dignity he brings to others, he will always be a giant in our union.''
Bernie and I got to know each other through the many community projects that he has dedicated himself to.
Outside of his work with the UAW, Bernie and his wife, Sue, are pillars of the Detroit community.
Together they run the Bernie Ricke Charity Fund out of Trenton, MI.
Bernie is a lifetime member of the NAACP, member of the Labor Advisory Board for Health Alliance Plan, and serves as the Chairman of the Board Communities is a non-profit organization that serves the community of Southwest Detroit by providing a variety of services to the homebound elderly including meals on wheels, minor home repairs, transportation for doctors' appointments and medical care.
In 1999 and again in 2004, Bernie was given the ``Spirit of Detroit'' award by the Detroit City Council.