Ms. VELAZQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boricua College on the special occasion of its 50th aniversary and in appreciation for decades of higher education.
Boricua College was the first private, not-for-profit post-secondary educational institution established in the United States specifically designed to meet the academic needs of Puerto Ricans and other Spanish-speaking people.
Today, it is a diverse institution for learning and professional development.
Boricua College inspired educated and passionate advocates for the Puerto Rican Disapora during the 1960's and 70's in New York City.
Visionaries like Dr. Antonia Pantoja, founder of Universidad Boricua and the precursor of Boricua College, founded by Dr. Victor Alicea, believed that higher education and cultural pride were crucial to addressing poverty and creating economic empowerment.
The significant migration of Puerto Ricans to New York City warranted a grassroots response to navigate the socio-economic opportunities and challenges of plantando bandera in a new environment.
Thus, Boricua College was created and became a beacon of hope for the Latino community in Brooklyn.
Since its founding in 1974, Boricua College has grown from its humble beginnings on a single-floor storefront in Williamsburg to a multicampus institution spanning Brooklyn, Manhattan, and the Bronx.
The first Boricua College class had just 26 students.
When it opened its doors, it broke all barriers to higher learning with a cadre of Puerto Rican bilingual professionals in New York City.
Today, Boricua College has an enrollment of thousands of students pursuing an Associate, Bachelor or Master's degree in the field of Human Services, Business, Liberal Arts, Childhood Education and inter-American Studies to list a few.
It is also a designated Hispanic Serving Institution by the U.S. Department.
The growth of Boricua College exemplifies the growth of Latinos' economic and political empowerment across the country.
The college may not have millions in endowments, if at all.
However, it does have an unwavering commitment to educational advancement.
By 2060, nearly 1 in 4 Americans are likely to be Latinos'.
Thanks to vital institutions like Boricua College, we are making even greater contributions in every sector of society--education, politics, business, the arts, and sciences.
This fine institution is as successful as the administration and leadership.
Therefore, I would also like to salute Founder and President Dr. Victor G. Alicea for a lifetime of public service, Board of Trustees Chair Benito R. Fernandez, the deans, faculty, staff, and graduates.
Mr. Speaker, please join us in recognizing Boricua College on the occasion of its 50th anniversary and offering our best wishes for another 50 years of serving the community.