My hon.
Friend has put it brilliantly and succinctly, and she is absolutely right.
In their horror—in their recoil from the inheritance tax changes—that is exactly what farmers and family business owners have been doing: thinking about alternatives.
The seven-year rule has been one of those alternatives, and it would be a really heartless and extraordinarily cruel moment if the Government were to shut that down as well.
My right hon.
Friend is explaining the situation in his usual powerful way.
If, as seems likely, the Government impose capital gains tax on a person’s principal private residence, will he, as mitigation, consider whether there should at least be indexation allowance to provide some relief from the horror that I fear is about to be inflicted on my constituents?
He will remember that the Finance Act 2008 abolished that relief on other property.
I suspect that the Government will not be sympathetic to such a suggestion given what happened in 2008, but it would at least take the edge off the imposition of taxes on the sale of a person’s principal private residence.
My right hon.
Friend raises his point in his usual eloquent manner.
That is a question for the Minister, and I hope that, when he rises to the Dispatch Box, he will rule out our concerns in their entirety.
In the event that he cannot, perhaps he will choose to answer my right hon.
Friend’s inquiry.
Is it not the case that those in the Labour party have a clear misunderstanding because they have no business experience?
Those on the Government Front Bench have no business experience in setting up companies or understanding the meaning of business taxes—the experience is simply not there.
Labour will talk about taxing wealth, but does it not understand that if we tax wealth, we will get less of it?
It has been estimated that about 15,000 high net worth individuals have left our country in the period in which this Government have been in power.
A consequence of that tax just walking out of the door is that we will require somewhere around a third of a million to half a million people on average earnings to make up the difference.
This is not a case of good riddance to wealth; the Government should—as the Conservative party would—encourage and turbocharge wealth at every turn.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
If I am an hon.
Friend, I will certainly give way.
I am sure Hansard will correct me.
The right hon.
Gentleman just made some comments about high net worth or high value individuals.
In my constituency, I am particularly interested in individuals on low incomes.
In Peterborough, I represent a city with one of the highest levels of those employed on zero-hours contracts and in chronically insecure work.
Does he not agree that his party often wants all the spending, but none of the funding for delivery?
He talked about reducing taxation for some of those with higher net worth, but will he also talk about which doctors’ surgeries in my constituency would suffer cuts under his plans, which individuals would receive no protection for their employment rights, and how the people of Peterborough would be worse off because he wants to reduce the spending that will fix the foundations of this country?
The hon.
Gentleman refers to cutting spending.
His party attempted to cut spending, but entirely failed to do so.
My point is that if he wants money to spend on public services, he needs to cut welfare and should worry about how to do so.
I do not know how he voted when that was put to the test in this House, but if he in any way voted against his own Government and against getting on top of the welfare bill, he should ask his own question of himself.
As for those on low incomes, they are precisely the people who are now being devastated by the increase in national insurance.
There is not just an increase in the rate, but a substantial reduction in the threshold at which national insurance kicks in, which has meant higher unemployment, in particular among younger workers, part-time workers, women and people getting that vital first job so that they can get themselves on a career path.
They are the people whom the Labour Government are punishing most.
Is that not exactly the point—that the top 1% of earners pay almost 30% of income tax?
If we lose them, we damage the people who need the support and the investment from the very taxpayers we have just scared off.
Should not the reverse be happening?
We should attract more people into this country to spend more money, so that we have more money for such services through tax collection.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I have already shared with the House the classic example of the number of people who have left this country because of a punitive tax regime and the costs of that.
Further to the excellent point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans) , the Labour party denigrates wealthy individuals who choose to come to this country.
However, it is about not just the tax that they provide, but the jobs and opportunities they create by investing in constituencies up and down the country.
This country has prospered for hundreds of years by being open and welcoming to  inward investment.
If we lose that, we lose a key plank of the competitiveness and growth that have been associated with our economy.
That is right.
We live in a highly mobile world; it is easy for people with substantial wealth or money to invest to go anywhere in the world.
We have to remain competitive, and this Government are making us less competitive.
My right hon.
Friend refers to unemployment, but just look at the record—should we have expected any more from this Government?
No, not really.
Every single Labour Government in history have left unemployment higher when they left office than it was at the time they came into office.
What have we seen on unemployment since this Government have been in office?
It has increased every single month since they have been in power.
The right hon.
Gentleman has spent the past five minutes circling around figures gathered by a consultancy that aids the super-wealthy to migrate from this country.
Where is the Conservative party getting its economic ideas from?
It speaks volumes that he has spent so much time up to this point speaking for the 15,000 high net worth individuals served by that consultancy; and his previous point was about inheritance tax, which is paid by only 4% of all estates in the UK.
If he has any ideas, what will the Conservative party do to grow the economy for the benefit of all people in this country?
The hon.
Lady asks where we are getting our ideas from; where we are not getting them from is from academics and researchers who believe in taxing wealth and who now sit there on the Treasury Bench, or in other places where they advise No. 10.
They talk on a regular basis about taxing property, wealth, shares and assets of any description that they can think of, but that is the road to ruin.
She asked where we get our ideas from, and I will tell her.
I set up my own business in the 1980s, from absolutely nothing.
I grew it from scratch, and then I took it over to America and grew a business there.
I have lived, breathed and eaten business most of my life.
I also go up and down the country to speak to other such businesses.
They are the people who understand what needs to be done on the tax front and who have to live with the red tape that her party is bringing in to tie them down.
They are the people whom this party is listening to.
The right hon.
Gentleman has talked at great length about taxing the wealthy, but he has omitted one of the suggestions that came forth over the summer, which was to get rid of the punitive council tax system, which taxes poverty and deprivation in this country.
The former Conservative leader of Hartlepool borough council famously cheered when he put up council tax on deprived people in Hartlepool.
Why are the Conservative party and now Reform—that former Conservative leader has now defected to Reform—so attached to that regressive system?
I think that council tax, different variants of it, revaluations and so on are things that Government should look at, because we do not want them to be entirely static; there can always be reform and change.
I will observe, however, that the average  council tax paid in Labour areas is demonstrably higher than the equivalent taxes in Conservative areas.
That comes down to the approach that a Conservative council takes to spending and to ensuring that councils are efficiently run, rather than the profligate approach of the Labour party.
One of the suggestions made to the Government earlier this year was from Conservative-run Hampshire county council, to increase the council tax on my constituents by 15%.
That was blocked by this Government, by the Secretary of State.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman join me in condemning Conservative-run Hampshire county council’s proposal to increase council tax by 15%?
I am not going to get into specific things going on in the hon.
Gentleman’s area.
How can I be expected to opine with authority on something of that nature relating to his constituency?
[Interruption.]
Hold on.
My general point stands: the simple fact is that Labour-controlled local authorities charge more in council tax than Conservative-run councils do.
rose— Order.
Members cannot keep standing up and waving their hands in the air; the right hon.
Gentleman has to give way.
What the right hon.
Gentleman has said is not a fact.
The reality in my region is that Milton Keynes, the Labour-run local authority, has lower taxes than all the surrounding Tory authorities, including in Northamptonshire, which has failed over and over again.
Two Conservative and now Reform councils have failed, as has Buckinghamshire, while Milton Keynes has been labelled by the Local Government Association as one of the best-run councils.
It still delivers lower council tax than all those Tory-run authorities.
It is a simple matter of logic that even if the hon.
Lady’s assertion is true—I do not know whether it is or not—it does not contradict the point that I made.
Was it not the current Prime Minister who said “not a penny more on your council tax”?
Is the shadow Chancellor aware of how that worked out?
In a word, badly.
A moment ago, the shadow Chancellor suggested that he would not get into speculation, but this whole debate is premised on media speculation.
I asked him to comment on an actual proposal that was made to the Government by a Conservative-run county council to increase local council tax for my constituents by 15%, so he is asking us to vote on a motion about media speculation but he will not comment on an actual proposal.