Writer and comedian Graham Linehan was apparently arrested by five police officers at Heathrow, then questioned about three tweets that he says were based on his gender-critical views, a belief protected by the Equality Act 2010.
Despite this Government’s claim to protect free speech, Mr Linehan has been banned from using that platform as part of his bail conditions.
Can the Minister confirm whether it is now a crime in Britain to tell potentially offensive jokes, and whether those who do so may face armed arrest?
The hon.
Lady will know well that I cannot comment on live police investigations, as the police operate independently of Government, but the Home Secretary has been clear that her priority and the priority of this Government is that the police focus on tackling antisocial behaviour and making sure that people can walk our streets free from fear.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Reading’s University Medical Group, a GP practice in my constituency that was recently awarded the gold Pride in Practice award by the LGBT Foundation?
When I visited that practice last week, the doctors raised the  issue of transgender care.
Many constituents have also written to me concerned about ongoing barriers to treatment for young people needing gender-affirming care, so what more can the Government do to ensure that young transgender people get the treatment they urgently need?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that work in her community.
The Government have commissioned NHS England to undertake a LGBT health evidence review, which is being led by Dr Michael Brady, the national adviser on LGBT health.
It will diagnose the problems we need to solve, making sure we have evidence-led recommendations in order to improve access to healthcare for adults.
A constituent with muscular dystrophy reports facing a wait of eight to 12 months for AJM Healthcare to deliver a new wheelchair, which is far beyond the 18-week target.
What steps will the Minister take with her health colleagues to address the really poor performance by AJM Healthcare nationwide, particularly its equalities implications?
If the hon.
Gentleman will provide me with some more details of his constituent’s case, I would be happy to make sure it is looked into by Ministers and that he receives a full response.
A constituent and mum has got in touch because she has lost her entitlement to the 30 hours of childcare this Government so brilliantly rolled out, as well as the student finance version, because she is doing law as a mature student.
Can the Minister look into closing that loophole so that women who retrain mid-career are not penalised?
We recognise the value of parents continuing in education, which is why there are often available mechanisms such as the childcare grant and the parents’ learning allowance.
As I do not know the full circumstances of her constituent’s case, I would be grateful if my hon.
Friend would write to me, so I can make sure that we give her constituent full advice on the childcare support that might be available to her.
Why has the Minister chosen to champion the rights of the residents of the Bell hotel over those of the local community?
That is just plain wrong.
Parental leave is just as essential for families who adopt as it is for those with biological children, giving vital time for bonding.
However, many adoptive families cannot access the same paid leave.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure equal parental leave for adoptive parents?
My hon.
Friend raises an important area.
We know that preparing for and adopting a child is an important time in the life of families, which is why we have committed to reviewing the parental leave  system to ensure it best supports working families, including those who adopt.
I would be happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend, or make sure a Minister discusses it further with her.
Have the Government done an equality assessment on how cancelling family reunion differentially impacts those from ethnic minority backgrounds?
The Home Secretary has set out our approach and the action we will be taking in this area, and I will make sure that the hon.
Lady receives a response from the Home Office on the matter that she raises.
Shelter’s
“My colour speaks before me” report highlights systemic discrimination in access to housing, from disproportionate scrutiny of applicants to barriers in both social and private rented housing.
How are the Government ensuring that tackling structural racism is at the heart of housing reform and this Government’s policies?
We are determined to ensure that we have high-quality housing available, including social housing for rent, and that people have the opportunity to buy their own home.
There is no place for racism in our housing system.
If my hon.
Friend will share with me the details of the report that she mentions, I will look into that further on her behalf.