While the Conservative party deludes itself with the myth of endless fossil fuels, the rest of us know just how ridiculous and reckless that is.
Extracting more oil and gas from the declining North sea basin will do nothing to protect energy security or jobs.
The Prime Minister himself has stated: “Climate action is at the heart of this government’s mission for the protection and prosperity of Britain and the world.”
With a decision looming on the Rosebank oil field, will the Prime Minister prove that his words mean something, and finally put an end to this climate-wrecking project?
I did notice that the Leader of the Opposition went to Scotland, I think, this week to announce that if she ever became Prime Minister, which is extremely unlikely, she would pull down £50 billion of investment in renewables in Scotland.
This is good, secure jobs of the future—absolutely reckless behaviour.
The Opposition have not learned anything.
The Greens have a new leader—unfortunately for the hon.
Lady—and we can now see what they really stand for: withdrawal from NATO at a moment like this; totally unfunded spending that would blow up the economy; and blocking all planning proposals.
They also have a leader who has made—to say the least—some very strange comments about women.
There is only one party delivering fairness and tackling the climate crisis and that is the Labour party.
Prime Minister, in September 2021, you met ex-Arsenal player Michael Thomas in Portcullis House alongside other former footballers of the V11, when I hosted them in Parliament.
Last night, the BBC broadcast the V11 documentary, exposing the fraud perpetrated against them and the financial abuse that they have suffered within the footballing system.
They have all suffered terrible financial loss, but His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs is still chasing them for taxes from funds that were defrauded from them.
Prime Minister, will you join me in meeting Michael Thomas and other players to see how we can protect victims of fraud and, instead, go after the perpetrators of fraud?
I will, and I have met Michael Thomas a number of times.
Of course, he has a special place in my heart, having scored that winning goal at Anfield when we won the league—although the less said about winning at Anfield at the moment probably the better.
The serious point is that these are sporting heroes who have brought us so much joy, and they should have proper support from their sporting bodies on both health and welfare.
Michael Thomas and others are running an important campaign to bring this to our attention.
We do need a trusted system that takes the wellbeing of our sports people seriously, particularly those in vulnerable positions.
I know that the Minister for Sport is in contact with the campaigners.
On a recent visit to the UK Space Agency, based in my Oxfordshire constituency, I learned of the huge value created by our space sector, generating more than £7 for every £1 invested.
Given the Government’s decision to scrap the UKSA as an executive agency, will the Prime Minister guarantee its international credibility, its operational independence and its budget?
And will he visit Harwell Campus to hear what our brilliant space companies need from Government?