I am joined today in the Gallery by the leadership of the Young Farmers’ Clubs of Ulster, an organisation and young people who are passionate about youth work, our rural countryside and the future of farming and agriculture.
Agriculture policy is devolved, but the Prime Minister’s agricultural inheritance tax is the thing that has them and young farmers across all the country despairing not just for their future, but the future of food security.
When will the Prime Minister change course on the farm family inheritance tax, now that he is taking control of tax policy?
First, I welcome the Young Farmers’ Clubs of Ulster to Parliament.
I take this opportunity to say to the hon.
Member and to them that we have invested more than £2.7 billion in farming and nature recovery—that has been welcomed—and of course we are developing a 25-year farming road map to make the sector more profitable.
Again, that has been warmly welcomed.
Their future will depend on that road map, and we will work with them.
This week, the Global Sumud flotilla, which includes British citizens, set sail for Gaza to break the illegal blockade and deliver much-needed aid.
In June, a British boat, the Madleen, was threatened and its crew detained, but we took no action.
Can the Prime Minister say what has been learned from this, and what steps are being taken to protect the British citizens on this flotilla?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue in relation to the horrifying situation in Gaza.
The Israeli Government are preventing urgently needed aid from getting in, which is why we are now  seeing a man-made famine, and that should cause us all to pause and reflect.
We are working with other countries to get aid in by any practical means, but land routes are the only viable and sustainable means of getting aid into Gaza on the scale that is required.
Israel must lift the restrictions to allow aid agencies to deliver the life-saving supplies that are so desperately needed.
So the Budget date has finally been announced, and once again, Scotland is some sort of distant afterthought.
The Budget date has been left to the 11th hour because the Government do not know how to resolve their countless counter-bùrachs.
It is a Budget date that has practically wrecked Scotland’s budgetary process, leaving it almost impossible for us to pass a budget before Christmas, and leaving great uncertainty for Scotland’s public services.
Did you know, Mr Speaker, that they could not even be bothered to notify the Scottish Government, leaving them to find this out on social media?
I ask the Prime Minister: how is this reset in relationships working out?
The hon.
Gentleman overlooks the fact that at the last Budget there was a record settlement for Scotland—£50 billion a year.
He talks about support.
We have just won the Norway frigates contract.
That is 15 years of shipbuilding in Scotland.
The SNP First Minister has said what about that since Sunday?
Absolutely nothing.
I know we have another SNP question in just a moment.
Perhaps that will be the opportunity to welcome the deal that we have won, and the jobs now for Scotland.
Prime Minister, last year, my online safety forum of children and young people from every secondary school and college in Darlington found that 71% of our year 10s and 12s had been contacted by a stranger online, a shocking failure that our Online Safety Act will hopefully prevent going forward.
Will he join me in calling on the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage), and all opposed to this vital Act, to pick a side?
Are they with us, parents and child protectors, or are they with the predators harming our children online?
Of course,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  is not here to represent his constituency in the House that he was elected to.
No, he has flown to America to badmouth and talk down our country.
It is worse than that, Mr Speaker: if you can believe it, he has gone there to lobby the Americans to impose sanctions on this country that will harm working people.
You cannot get more unpatriotic than that.
It is a disgrace.
The Online Safety Act 2023 protects children from material on suicide, self-harm and online predators.
Reform says it would scrap it.
When its leader was asked, “Well, what would you replace it with?”, his answer was: “There needs to be a tech answer.
I don’t know what that is”.
You cannot run a country on “don’t know” answers.
Mr Speaker, I am sure that you, like me, got to enjoy everything that UK hospitality has to offer over the summer.
Fifteen local pubs received nominations in my community pub awards.
I visited places including the  Bull Inn in Battle, the Castle Inn in Pevensey, the Swan Inn in Dallington, the New Inn in Westfield and Sidley working men’s club.
Many of them told me how hard-hit they have been by Labour’s jobs tax.
UKHospitality estimates that 80,000 jobs have already been lost, and the British Beer and Pub Association says that a pub a day will close this year.
Can the Prime Minister name a single pub landlord who thinks that the Deputy Prime Minister’s Employment Rights Bill will help, rather than just make things worse?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman paced out the visits to all those pubs, and did not do them all in one go.
UKHospitality has welcomed our small business plan, which obviously applies to pubs.
[Interruption.]
Yes, it has.
The reason is that it permanently lowers the business rates that they pay, and it tackles late payments—something for which it has been asking for a very, very long time.
The Conservatives talked about fixing that, but they never delivered.
We are delivering.
My constituents have endured four major fires in recent months across our community, including one that caused the devastating destruction of Cumbernauld’s iconic St Mungo’s church, yet the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service is consulting on downgrading Cumbernauld fire station, increasing response times and putting lives at risk.
Will the Prime Minister make representations to the Scottish Government that they should not risk lives with cuts to our vital emergency services?
I think the whole House is sorry to hear about the awful fires that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have faced, including the destruction of St Mungo’s.
I know just how important that church was to the local community.
The Scottish Government have received the largest settlement in the history of devolution—£50 billion a year.
That should be focused on the issues that matter to her constituency.
I will take this up, and make sure that we raise it with the Scottish Government.
First of all, I refer to my comments earlier in the week, since the Prime Minister’s research is not up to scratch.
George Reid, a former Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament and MP, passed away over the summer.
He was a humanitarian to his very fingertips.
He abhorred the demonisation of asylum seekers, including those desperate enough to cross the channel in small boats.
Figures published by the House of Commons Library show that the number of asylum seekers who are forced to cross increased dramatically after Brexit, as a result of our leaving the Dublin regulation.
Instead of punching down and joining in with the victim blaming of Reform and the Conservatives, will the Prime Minister reject their isolationism and look to rejoin the Dublin convention, which every other country in western Europe has joined?
There is nothing progressive about people crossing the channel in small boats—nothing at all.
We need to ensure that that stops.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman on the question of the Dublin agreement.
We had a returns agreement with the whole of Europe, but it was ripped up when we left the EU by people who made promises that that would not be the case.
We are rebuilding that relationship—we have reset it—and we now have a returns agreement with France.
We would not need a single returns scheme with France if we had not ripped up the Dublin agreement.
We are at a very dangerous political moment, with opinion polls warning that for the first time in our country’s history, we risk the election of an extremist far-right Government.
We all have a duty to prevent that.
To do so, do we not need to rebuild support through a return to real Labour values, with real action to tackle poverty and inequality, a wealth tax on the super-rich, and ethical foreign policy that takes a strong, principled stand on war crimes, whoever commits them?
We do stand at an important moment: we can have the politics of renewal under this Government, or the politics of grievance under Reform.
Reform does not want to fix the problems; it wants the grievance to continue.
The last thing it wants is improvement in the lives of working people in this country, because it feeds off the problems and grievances being there.
That is the difference.
Admiral Lord West was head of the Royal Navy, Chief of Defence Intelligence and a Labour Security Minister, and he sits on the Intelligence and Security Committee.
When he writes in the national press denouncing what he calls the “disgraceful decision to hand over ownership of the Chagos archipelago”, adding that he does “not accept that the move is ‘absolutely vital for our defence and intelligence’, as the Prime Minister claims”, should we rely on his professional judgment or not?
I have the misfortune to disagree with him.
New mums and dads in my constituency tell me that one of the things they worry about most is whether they can afford the childcare that they need to be able to go back to work.
That is why it is great that parents will be able to save up to £7,500 a year on nursery fees, thanks to this Labour Government.
Does the Prime Minister agree that not only is investing in childcare important for tackling the cost of living crisis, but it will help to remove barriers to deciding to have children in the first place?