The Prime Minister is dragging down the country.
He is dragging it down.
How can he stand there and say that he is creating jobs?
Unemployment has gone up in every single month under this Labour Government.
He does not know why borrowing costs are going up.
Another reason is that the markets can see that he is too weak to control spending.
Now we are reading that he wants to have another go at welfare costing.
What makes him think that Labour Members will vote for it this time?
I think I saw that the Leader of the Opposition said this to The Sunday Times at the weekend: “I have inherited a gigantic mess and I’m cleaning it up.”
She said: “It’s very difficult…it’s going to take a while.”
I know exactly how she feels.
More!
We are not the ones referring ourselves to ethics advisers.
The fact is that he is floundering.
He—[Interruption.]
Perhaps he should have a read—[Interruption.]
Order.
Perhaps he should have a read of the—[Interruption.]
Order.
We do not want to start the session with someone leaving, do we?
If someone wants to volunteer, please do so.
If not, I will choose one.
Labour Members can do the fake cheers as much as they like.
The whole country knows what a mess of the economy they are making.
It is clear that taxes are going up for everyone—except, perhaps, the Deputy Prime Minister.
I warned before the summer that we would face weeks of speculation about which taxes would be going up.
The former head of the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said: “This sort of…uncertainty is actively damaging to the economy.”
And now we find that we have to wait until  26 November  for a Budget.
Does the Prime Minister really think that the country, or the markets, can wait that long?
The right hon.
Lady said that the Opposition were not referring themselves to the ethics advisers.
That is among the reasons they got booted out of office last year.
She complains that we are going through the due process for a Budget and going through the necessary steps.
We tried a Budget on their watch without going through those steps.
What happened?
They blew up the economy.
We will take no lessons from them.
This is desperate stuff from the Prime Minister.
This week, he had another reset.
This morning, the Prime Minister scrapped his five missions.
After scrapping his three foundations, his six first steps for change and his seven pillars for growth, the truth is that this man has got no clue—zero clue.
But this is serious.
The Prime Minister’s incompetence is hurting real people.
They are losing their jobs and the cost of everything is going up, from energy bills to the weekly shop.
This is a crisis made in Downing Street.
Is it not the truth that he is too weak to change course, and too arrogant to admit he got things wrong?
I do not know what social media sites the right hon.
Lady has been on this morning, but I think the chair of the Tory party said that this Government are the “firefighters”.
Well, in a sense we are, because we are putting out the fires that the Conservatives created.
They were the arsonists—the biggest fall in living standards on record, blowing up the finances.
We have spent the first year putting out their fires—quite right too—but now we are delivering on the cost of living: funded childcare worth £7,500 for working families, free breakfast clubs and opening new school-based nurseries.
That is what we are fighting for: the best start for every child in this country.
The Mayor of the West Midlands, Richard Parker, is delivering growth and jobs by backing SMEs such as Booghe Toys in my constituency, which has just doubled in size.
Will the Prime Minister join me in praising this success and confirm that boosting ambitious small and medium-sized businesses across the UK remains a key priority of his Government?
May I recognise and congratulate the businesses in my hon.
Friend’s constituency?
We have published our small business plan, which was very  well received.
It includes new rules; cracking down on late payments, which has long been asked for; a £3 billion boost to more business loans; and fairer business rate systems to support small businesses.
That is why it was so warmly received.