My constituent Charlie is from Offerton.
He has a gender recognition certificate that states that he is male; he has a birth certificate that states that he is male; and he has a resplendent ginger beard.
The interim EHRC guidance, however, states that he should use the ladies’ loo.
That is clearly crackers, and Charlie tells me that he has had stick in the past when using the ladies.
It is in the interest of the whole of society for trans people to be able to leave the house and for there to be a loo that they can use in peace when they do so, while they contribute fully to our society.
Does the Secretary of State agree that when the final guidance is published, which we expect soon, parliamentary scrutiny would be a good thing to ensure that the guidance is as good as it can possibly be, so that trans people can live their lives to the full with the clarity and security that they need?
I agree that trans people and women deserve appropriate access to safe spaces and the right level of accommodation and that we must ensure that provision is there, so that no one feels that their safety is at risk.
To be clear to the House, the Government did not receive advance sight or notice of the interim update from the EHRC.
The EHRC has now consulted on its proposed changes to the draft updated code following the ruling.
I have yet to receive that code from the EHRC.
Once that happens, we will ensure that, as a Government, we consider it fully, as the House would expect.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls in the home.
We are committed to halving violence against women and girls within the next decade.
We are working tirelessly to deliver that ambitious plan to tackle these heinous acts through our violence against women and girls strategy.
Ministers across Government meet regularly to drive progress through the violence against women and girls ministerial group.
The murder of 10-year-old Sara Sharif in my constituency was a harrowing example of violence against women and girls in the home.
Social services play a vital role in protecting vulnerable girls, yet we often hear that they are overwhelmed and under-resourced.
Will the Minister please confirm what steps this Government are taking to ensure that local authority social services are able to protect vulnerable children and stop tragedies such as Sara’s ever happening again?
I am sure that the whole House has sympathy for the case that the hon.
Gentleman has outlined.
I understand that the inquest is ongoing, but to answer the substantive point of his question, children’s and adult social care have historically not always been what victims felt they could rely on, with many cases to demonstrate that over the years.
Without doubt—as I sit next to the Secretary of State for Education—the work with my office, with the Ministry of Justice and with her office to ensure that that is handled in the violence against women and girls strategy, and more broadly, is at the top of the agenda for all of us.
Will my hon.
Friend use this opportunity to remind the House how many women and girls are vulnerable to people they know, as distinct from people they do not know?
Will she also use this opportunity to condemn elected politicians who peddle misinformation about who is most at risk and where the targets really are?
I do not have in front of me the exact data that my hon.
Friend has requested—I am not entirely sure that exact data exists—but what I can say, based on decades of experience, is that women and girls in our country are far more at risk from people who know our names, and whose names we know, and who we work among and live alongside.
The idea of “stranger danger” is one that most women do not recognise; the people they fear are people they know.
The Parole Board is extremely concerned about the impact on domestic abuse victims of the Sentencing Bill that is now before the House.
I urge her to keep in close discussion with members of the Parole Board and with the Justice Secretary as the Bill progresses.
I absolutely make that commitment here today.
Throughout the progress of any such sentencing changes, the Home Office, the Minister with responsibility  for victims and I have been heavily involved, and we will continue to be ensure that, despite the difficult situation that we were left, every possible safeguard is in place.