The Minister will know that the rise of platforms such as OnlyFans has led to the mainstream commercialisation of women’s bodies.
Does she agree that if we are to tackle violence against women and girls, we must look at pornography prostitution?
Will she commit to working with colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to ensure that that is included in the violence against women and girls strategy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; a strategy on violence against women and girls that did not include the online elements that she highlights, as well as others, would not be worth its salt.
I commit to continue to work with DSIT colleagues on those issues.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve the quality of maternity care for women.
It is unacceptable that women are experiencing poor maternity care.
An investigation has been launched to understand the underlying systemic issues and develop national recommendations so that women receive the care that they deserve.
We are also taking immediate action to improve accountability and better identify safety concerns.
That includes rolling out a programme to tackle discrimination and racism.
Sadly, Bedford hospital’s maternity services were downgraded to “inadequate” last year, and its gold standard home birth service has recently been reduced.
Will the Minister ensure that the review examines why choices for birthing services are still being cut?
Will he guarantee improved outcomes in maternity and perinatal care, so that all women can access safe, personalised, high-quality care?
My hon.
Friend is a strong campaigner on this issue for his constituents.
The Care Quality Commission has committed to monitoring maternity services at Bedford hospitals closely, including through further inspections, to ensure that people receive safe care while improvements are implemented.
The investigation will seek to understand the systemic issues behind why so many women, babies and families experience unacceptable care.
The chair is working with families to finalise the terms of reference for the investigations and those will be published shortly.
Does the Minister agree that listening to the voices of bereaved families who have lost their babies is of essential importance?
If he does, will he listen to the calls of Sussex families to appoint Donna Ockenden to lead their review?
I agree that it is vital to listen to those voices; it will not be possible to get to the bottom of why care is not of an acceptable standard without hearing those voices.
I have heard what the hon.
Lady has said about Donna Ockenden and I will certainly take that away to discuss with ministerial colleagues.