In a week when the Prime Minister has worked tirelessly to place Clydeside, Glasgow and Govan at the epicentre of Type 26 shipbuilding, is he as perplexed as I am at the  radio silence from the SNP and the contempt that the SNP continues to show for the defence sector?
Does he agree that it is a contempt for jobs and growth and an 18-year-long contempt for Scotland?
I am perplexed that the First Minister has not welcomed the deal.
It is a massive deal for Scotland—it is 15 years of shipbuilding.
I would have expected the First Minister to hold a press conference to celebrate what we have done with this deal.
Those 15 years of shipbuilding are extremely important to the Clyde and many industries, and they are a reflection of the professionalism and dedication that workers in Scotland have shown over many years.
I urge the First Minister to come forward and welcome this deal.
For the final question, I call Sir John Hayes.
Mr Speaker, I know you will agree  that flags and banners, in bringing national pride, nourish individuals’ sense of worth and nurture our shared sense of belonging.
Will the Prime Minister take steps to ensure that across every part of our kingdom, alongside the crosses of St George in England, St Patrick in Ireland, St Andrew in Scotland and the red dragon in Wales, our flag is flown on every Government and public building—hospitals, schools, police stations and railway stations—for every Briton deserves the chance to see a forest of flagpoles and the flutter of the Union Jack?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s pride in our country’s flag.
It represents our history, our heritage and our values.
That is why we display it.
I was the Labour leader who put the Union Jack on the membership card for the Labour party, and I was very proud to do so.
It belongs to all of us.
We should be proud of it and value it.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am chair of the Public and Commercial Services trade union group in Parliament.
As Members will know, PCS members from the House’s security division are taking strike action today.
These are professional, dedicated and committed staff, and it takes a lot to motivate them to take strike action: their sense of grievance.
There is a clear difference of view between the management of the House and the union about how we have arrived at this situation.
Could I use this mechanism to urge the senior management of the House to seek another meeting with the union to clarify the situation and to come up with a reasonable offer that will resolve this dispute?
I do not wish to see our dedicated staff outside of work on this basis.
They provide us with the security that we need.