I know the whole House will want to send our condolences to the family of our former colleague, David Warburton.
I also welcome the fact that the Deputy Prime Minister has referred herself to the ethics adviser.
She has admitted that she underpaid tax, so why is she still in office?
There is not just a crisis at the very top of the Prime Minister’s Cabinet; there is a crisis brewing for the whole country.
When was the last time that the cost of Government borrowing was so high?
I join the Leader of the Opposition in her comments about Mr Warburton.
I think the whole House would unite on such an issue.
In relation to the Deputy Prime Minister, she has explained her personal circumstances in detail.
She has gone over and above in setting out the details, including yesterday afternoon asking a court to lift a confidentiality order in relation to her own son.
I know from speaking at length to the Deputy Prime Minister just how difficult that decision was for her and her family, but she did it to ensure that all information is in the public domain.
She has now referred herself to the independent adviser.
That is the right thing to do, but I can be clear that I am very proud to sit alongside a Deputy Prime Minister who is building 1.5 million homes, who is bringing forward the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation, and who has come from a working-class background to be Deputy Prime Minister of this country.
On the question of borrowing costs, they have risen across the world, as the Leader of the Opposition well knows.
We are driving them down by getting debt down.
That is hardwired into our fiscal rules; those fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
I am not going to take lectures on the economy from the Conservatives, who crashed the economy.
Mortgages went through the roof and there was a record fall in living standards.
I am not sure we would have heard all that sympathy if it had been a Conservative Deputy Prime Minister who was being attacked.
I remember when the Prime Minister said that tax evasion was a criminal offence and “should be treated as all other fraud”.
If he had a backbone, he would sack her.
But let us get back to the issue of borrowing.
The Prime Minister did not answer the question about why it is so high.
The Conservatives left him the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Under him, the cost of our borrowing is now higher than it is in Greece.
Why does the Prime Minister think that is?
If it had been the Conservatives, there would not have been the accountability, which is now in place, because they spent years and years avoiding it.
The right hon.
Lady’s claims about the economy on  their watch are about as credible as her place at Stanford University.
[Interruption.]
She leaves out of her account, because she wants to talk down the country, that we have the highest growth in the G7.
I look forward to her getting up and welcoming that.
We have had five interest rate cuts in a row, and, of course, £120 billion of investment in the first year of a Labour Government.
That is a record.
It is a terrible record.
I stand by every single thing that I have said.
The Prime Minister cannot say why borrowing is higher under him.
I will tell him why it is higher: it is because the Chancellor changed the fiscal rules so that she could borrow record amounts.
She maxed out the country’s credit card, and that has pushed up borrowing costs.
These are their bad choices.
Former members of the Monetary Policy Committee are warning that “we are heading for an economic crash”.
Why does the Prime Minister think that he is right and they are wrong?
The right hon.
Lady cannot resist it—she comes straight back to talk the country down at every opportunity.
She does not welcome the highest growth in the G7.
She could have got up and welcomed that, but no.
What about the 380,000 jobs that we have created?
She could welcome that, but no.
What about the three trade deals that we have?
Not only does she not welcome them; she opposes them.
And, of course, she has not welcomed the Norway deal—the biggest deal for shipbuilding in a very, very long time.
She should stop talking down the country and get behind the renewal that this Government are delivering.