We have ended up in a situation in which a huge black hole is looming.
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research puts it at possibly as much as £40 billion.
The economic mismanagement of the Labour party is a recurrent theme.
In the October Budget—the Government’s first—there was headroom of about £10 billion against the fiscal rules.
That, plus £4 billion more, was blown by the time of the spring statement—the emergency Budget.
Once again, it appears that considerably more has been blown all over again.
That is no surprise.
The U-turns on winter fuel payments and on welfare reform, which we have already discussed in this debate, led to unfunded commitments of around £6 billion—unfunded commitments after the Chancellor had said that the Labour party would never find itself in that position.
What she said has simply not happened.
What signal does it send to the markets when the Government cannot control spending?
In the long-term, it will be interesting to see what the Office for Budget Responsibility has to say about its forecasts for growth.
In recent times, 30-year bond yields have hit a 27-year high.
We are paying more to borrow than Greece.
There is a potential debt crisis looming, and this country could be on the brink—all on Labour’s watch.
The Government inherited bond yields higher than those in many other countries.
Right now bond yields are going up in Japan, Germany and the United States.
Is the Chancellor responsible for all that?
There is no doubt that under the previous Government there was a need to support the economy.
That involved the expenditure of £400 billion, not least on the furlough scheme.
I do not remember the hon.
Gentleman’s party arguing at the time that we should not do that; in fact, it argued that we should go further still.
The Conservative Government stepped in, supported jobs and saved us from going into mass unemployment that many feared would be worse than even in the 1980s, and I take great pride in that.
But we are where we are now, and what the Government should be doing is growing the economy, stoking up  business sentiment, getting taxes down and getting the economy moving, but they are doing precisely the opposite.
Is not the difference now that we are seeing stagflation—high inflation and the economy not growing as it should be?
We are therefore seeing job losses and unemployment going up every month under this Labour Government.
Unless they do something drastically different, it will only get worse, and that will impact on our growth prospects and therefore on the prosperity not just of our nation but of the individuals who work and try to thrive here.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are seeing high inflation, anaemic growth, high gilt yields and a pound that has been plummeting in recent times.
All those are signals flashing red on the dashboard.
Instead of getting a grip on spending and getting taxes down, the Government have been out there pitch-rolling yet more taxes.
Over the summer, we have seen briefings to the press suggesting tax rises on property.
The Labour party has an opportunity this afternoon to rule out those possibilities, and the Minister should do just that when he responds.
First, there has been a suggestion that there will be changes to the private residence relief under the capital gains tax regime.
That would strike at the heart of our country as a property-owning democracy.
People would be penalised simply for selling up and moving home.
It would have clear implications by bunging up the property market, and clear economic implications by causing friction in the process of people moving from one part of the country to another, often in search of work.
It would discourage downsizing, even though that would be beneficial in providing more homes for people to live in.
Before the election, the Prime Minister said that there never was a policy of that type so it did not need to be ruled out, but let us rule it out just in case anyone pretends that there was such a policy.
When he responds, will the Minister confirm that he stands by the words of the Prime Minister?
Secondly, there has been a suggestion of an annual tax on homes.
What a tax on aspiration!
What a tax on people who have saved hard and managed to get on the property ladder, but who will then be stuck with annual taxes.
What about those who are asset-rich but income-poor and cannot afford to pay—are they expected to sell up?
Will the Minister rule out that possibility and put people’s minds at rest?
If that was not enough, we hear that the Government may be considering changes to the gifting regime in inheritance tax.
They are not content just to pulverise farmers and family businesses, and to see those businesses and farms broken up when they are passed on from one generation to another, because of the imposition of tax.
In fact, it was a Labour Government in the 1970s who brought in the reliefs that this Government have chosen to abolish.
The inheritance tax yield will double over this Parliament.
The Opposition say, “Enough is enough.”
We should not punish parents who wish to pass something on to their children.
Socialists do not understand that we do not all stand as atomised individuals; we work  together as families and communities.
We care about each other, we care about the people we love, and it is right that we have the opportunity to pass something on to them.