Once again, this Labour Government have failed women and girls through their inaction and blinkered mindset on safety in their communities and their slow action on the 2024 birth trauma inquiry report by Theo Clarke and  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield) .
That report recommended a national maternity strategy, which we committed to.
Over a year on, a so-called rapid inquiry announced in June only has a chair with no experience in maternity services and an expectation to fix this national scandal by the end of the year.
That is asking too much of one woman to support many women across the country.
How will the Minister address ongoing and widespread concerns, which we have heard again in the Chamber, react to the existing evidence and stop the belief that many women are being failed by this Labour Government?
I really do find it a bit rich that the Conservatives stand there and try to lecture us after the 14 years of neglect and incompetence that were the trademark of their time in government.
Baroness Amos is chairing the independent maternity and neonatal  investigation, which will be a rapid investigation with two core roles: to conduct urgent reviews by the end of this year of up to 10 trusts where there are specific issues; and to conduct a systemic investigation into maternity and neonatal care in England, to create one set of national actions to drive the improvements needed to ensure high-quality care and ensure that women are listened to.
That is responsible government; that is trying to fix the mess that the Conservatives made after 14 years.
The Conservatives would do well to actually support us in that.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle inequalities faced by young disabled people in the labour market.
We want young people with disabilities and health impairments to secure good employment as soon as possible and to fulfil their aspirations.
The “Pathways to Work” Green Paper proposed a youth phase in health and disability benefits, and we are currently reviewing the consultation responses.
Research by the national disability charity Sense found that more than half of disabled benefit claimants with complex needs between the ages of 18 and 34 say that there are few jobs that meet their needs as disabled people.
What steps can the Minister take to ensure that more employment opportunities are available to young disabled people with complex needs?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point.
There are excellent examples of job carving for people with complex needs, and we need more of that.
We look forward to the report being submitted soon by Sir Charlie Mayfield on what more employers can do to open up opportunities for people out of work on disability grounds, and I think he will have some very interesting proposals.
The last Conservative Government left so many young disabled people in Ealing Southall who wanted to work consigned to a lifetime on benefits, but at West Ealing jobcentre we are already seeing a difference being made, with £1.3 billion of funding for employment support from this Labour Government.
Does the Minister agree that the Mayfield review offers a once-in-a-lifetime chance to transform the workplace to make it more accessible for disabled people?
I agree with my hon.
Friend; she is absolutely right.
Disengaging from work and learning in early adulthood can do lasting harm to career prospects and wellbeing.
We are launching the youth guarantee so that all 18 to 21-year-olds in England, including disabled young people, can access quality training opportunities and apprenticeships or help to find work.
I am glad to hear that things are developing so well in her constituency.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government are focused on breaking down barriers to opportunity for everyone.
We are backing working families, saving them £7,500 through rolling out 30 hours of Government-funded childcare and rolling out free breakfast clubs in our schools.
Building on the proud legacy of Sure Start, we will deliver 100 Best Start family hubs to give every child the best start in life.
We are opening 10 new construction technical excellence colleges, backing our young people to learn a trade and to get on.
Our plan for change will deliver for everyone.[Official Report,  13 October 2025 ; Vol. 773, c. 2WC.]
(Correction) I am sure that the Minister will have seen research last week, which parents in my constituency will be really disappointed in, saying that mums earn £302 less per week than dads.
For too long, the Tories were happy for those costs to fall on women.
What steps is she taking to ensure that this Labour Government tackle the motherhood penalty?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that that is totally unacceptable.
This Labour Government will deliver for women, unlike the Conservative party—whose leader said that maternity pay was “excessive”—or the Reform leader,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , who claimed it was a “fact of life” that women coming back from maternity leave would earn less.
We know the difference that high-quality early years education makes, which is why I am delighted that, from this week, working families will be able to access 30 hours of Government-funded childcare.