Before we come to the ten-minute rule motion, I wish to make a short announcement about the House’s sub judice resolution.
A coroner’s inquest has been opened into the death of Simone White, and those proceedings are now sub judice.
However, given the significant public interest in addressing this matter, I, as Speaker, have decided to grant a waiver from the House’s resolution relating to matters sub judice in respect of any inquests into the deaths of UK citizens or residents resulting from methanol poisoning overseas.
Members may therefore refer to the case in the course of proceedings, but I would urge them to avoid saying anything that might prejudice any future criminal or civil proceedings in the UK.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require travel advice issued by the Secretary of State and other persons to include guidance about the risks of methanol poisoning; and for connected purposes.
I have been working closely on this issue on behalf of one of my constituents, Chloe Lassetter, who alongside her family, Sue, Neil, Tom and Amanda, have been fighting to raise awareness of the dangers of methanol poisoning abroad following the tragic death of Simone White last year.
As Members may have seen from media coverage at the time, Simone was travelling with her friend Bethany in Laos.
They were staying in a small riverside town about two hours north of the capital.
It is a hub for backpackers travelling across south-east Asia.
It was there that Simone and her friend consumed free shots of alcohol offered at the hostel.
The next day both felt unwell, but they carried on with their plans.
Hours later, after boarding a bus to their next destination, things worsened: Bethany fainted; Simone vomited.
They were eventually taken to a local hospital, but doctors had no idea what was wrong and initially suspected food poisoning.
Still confused and deteriorating, the girls made it to a private hospital.
I cannot imagine how frightened and confused they must have been at this point, but sadly, by then it was too late for Simone.
She started having seizures during dialysis and was eventually taken for emergency brain surgery.
The surgery relieved the pressure but caused bleeding and the other side of her brain started to swell.
The results confirming methanol poisoning were not available until two weeks later, but by then Simone had sadly already passed away.
Although Bethany recovered following her hospitalisation, six other young people fell victim to suspected methanol poisoning, having drunk at the same hostel.
Two young Australians, two young Danish women and an American all lost their lives.
As the Australian Prime Minister said in November, this is “every parent’s worst nightmare”.
My heart goes out to all the families who lost loved ones in the most unbelievably tragic circumstances.
Over the last year, I have learnt so much about Simone, who was a much-loved young woman.
She had a brilliant life ahead of her, and when I attended her funeral, it was clear that she was deeply loved by her friends and family.
A year ago, like so many of us here, I did not know much about methanol poisoning, yet over 1,000 people die from it every single year worldwide.
This is such a huge danger, but barely any of us know about it.
I also went backpacking after university but never knew about the dangers, and sadly, the same is true of so many of our young people.
That must change.
For Members who are less aware than we should be, methanol is tasteless and has only a faint smell, making it impossible to tell if a drink has been contaminated.
When consumed, it can lead to a coma, convulsions, blindness, nervous system damage and death.
Medical specialists say drinking as little as 25 ml of methanol can be fatal, but it is sometimes added to drinks because it is cheaper than alcohol.
Since their devastating loss, Simone’s family have campaigned tirelessly to prevent similar tragedies from affecting other families.
Alongside Simone’s friend Bethany, they have been raising awareness of the dangers of methanol poisoning, and it was an honour earlier this year to help to arrange a parliamentary drop-in session on the subject, alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon)  and  the hon.
Member for Dartford (Jim Dickson) .
The family were joined by representatives of the travel industry, the National Poisons Information Service, the British Toxicology Society and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to educate MPs, and the message was clear: awareness saves lives, but only when Government guidance is accurate, clear and consistent.
Sadly, current official travel advice is falling short.
In some high-risk countries, there is very little warning at all.
Where advice does exist, it is vague and understated.
Travellers are told that certain drinks “might carry a risk” or that they “should exercise caution.”
This is not a matter of caution: this is about a lethal, preventable danger.
I appreciate that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office has updated the health section of the travel advice on its website, but we must do more to make the warnings clearer and more explicit, so that information is more readily available to everyone.
The Government’s Travel Aware website has an informative section on methanol poisoning, but more must be done   to make that advice and guidance better known to young people before they travel.
As things stand, they really have to search to find it.
My Bill, supported by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Orpington and the hon.
Members for Dartford, for Cheadle (Mr Morrison)  and for Lewisham North (Vicky Foxcroft), proposes a straightforward, proportionate solution.
It does not attempt to police alcohol sales abroad.
It does not require costly programmes or enforcement.
It simply requires the Government to provide prominent, clear and consistent guidance about methanol poisoning for countries where the risk is known to exist.
Other Governments have already taken steps to warn their citizens.
Australia’s Smartraveller service provides unambiguous, practical advice and reaches young travellers through targeted campaigns.
We should do no less, and we must not be left behind.
Families such as Simone’s, who have endured unimaginable grief, are not asking for the impossible.
They are asking for honesty, clarity and actionable guidance, so that other families do not have to suffer the same loss.
We have already shown in this House that collaboration between families, experts and parliamentarians can and does raise awareness.
Now it is time to turn awareness into action.
I know that Ministers in the Foreign Office are well aware of Simone’s story, as we have exchanged many letters on the topic, and the Foreign Office kindly hosted me, my hon.
Friend the Member for Orpington and the family at a meeting earlier this year.
I thank them for their engagement to date and I look forward to continue working with them, as I know they understand the grave risks at stake.
As Simone’s mother, Sue White, said: “If it can happen to Simone, it can happen to anybody”.
So let’s start the process today to prevent future tragedies.
I commend the Bill to the House.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Laura Trott, Gareth Bacon, Jim Dickson, Tom Morrison and Vicky Foxcroft present the Bill.
Laura Trott accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 29 May 2026 , and to be printed (Bill 300).
I inform the House that I have not selected the amendment.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
I beg to move, That this House notes recent reports that the Government is considering a wide range of increases to taxes on property; notes the Prime Minister’s commitment last year not to impose Capital Gains Tax on primary residences; and calls on the Government not to introduce an annual property levy which would tax the family home, higher rates of Council Tax, or a land value tax, or to lower the thresholds or further increase liability to Inheritance Tax, for example, by changing the seven-year gift rule.
I trust you had a good recess, Mr Speaker.
I am absolutely certain that the Deputy Prime Minister also had a good recess.
We saw many photographs of her down at the seaside, just off the coast in a rubber dingy—rather like many of the other photographs we saw over the summer, given this Government’s reckless policies on illegal migration.
She was probably celebrating the acquisition of another property for her property empire, but that celebration was perhaps slightly tinged with a nagging doubt as to whether she had indeed paid enough stamp duty.
Well, we will get to the bottom of that in due course.
Those who could not avoid paying the taxes imposed by this Government are businesses right up and down our country, many of which I took the time to visit during the recess.
In the leisure sector alone, some 80,000 jobs have been destroyed by the national insurance rises, and this has particularly affected those taking their first job, younger workers, part-time workers and female workers.
Jobs are being destroyed.
While the Deputy Prime Minister was lounging on her boat with her wine, this Government were all at sea, like a cork bobbing on the tide, with no control over the events swirling around them.
When it came to the economy, although eclipsed by the calamities around illegal migration, we saw recently the panicked reshuffle of the Treasury Front Bench.
I offer my congratulations to the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Chipping Barnet (Dan Tomlinson)  and warmly welcome him to his new role.
However, I should also tell him that he is joining a sinking ship, whose captain has just had all her authority stripped from her, while all his comrades down below deck are fiercely trying to bail it out.
I also offer a fond farewell to the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the right hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) , who no doubt thought he was very clever when he leapt off the sinking ship.
He will not be feeling quite so clever when he discovers that the place to which they have sent him is even more dysfunctional than the Treasury Front Bench.
Among all this news of arrivals to our shores, we have had a cruel summer of speculation around tax.
We have seen in the skies clouds of kites flown largely by  the Treasury as to what taxes it is going to put up.
It has all been tax, tax and tax.
I am reminded of the Beatles’ song “Taxman”: “I’ll tax the street, If you try to sit, I’ll tax your seat, If you get too cold, I’ll tax the heat, If you take a walk, I’ll tax your feet.”
When it comes to tax, it is not so much “Good Day Sunshine” as “Help!”[Laughter.]
Okay—it was a bit hammy, but it was worth a try.
I was going to try “Penny Lane” as well, but I drew the line there.
It is worth examining how we got to this point, for a reckoning for our country is surely coming.
This will be a story for all time.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I will do so momentarily.
It started with broken promises.
This was a party that said during the run-up to the general election that it had no intention of raising taxes left, right and centre, and yet within a month or two, this Government did precisely that, with devastating consequences: tax rises on businesses that stifle growth.
They talked down the economy by confecting a £22 billion black hole that did not exist.
What an irony it was that it was they who brought in the Office for Budget Responsibility to decide whether that £22 billion black hole existed and that the OBR said it could not legitimise the claim—the Government were wrong.
What happened with spending and borrowing?
It got completely out of control.
The combination of passing on price rises because of the national insurance increases, and the extra borrowing and spending, has led to higher inflation.
We are an outlier when it comes to inflation.
Will the right hon.
Member give way?
In a moment.
That in turn has seen interest rates higher for longer and the servicing costs on our national debt now running at over £100 billion a year—more than twice our defence spend.
I will now give way to whoever was trying to intervene behind me.
Would my right hon.
Friend agree that correcting this loss of market confidence demands decisive action from the Government at the Budget, and that that decisive action cannot be taken solely on the tax side?
The tax side is what has driven us into this loop.
We need decisive action on spending and particularly on welfare if we are to see some restoration of market confidence and get ourselves out of this rut.
My right hon.
Friend, as ever, is absolutely right.
The reality, as we see in the bond yields at the moment, is that the markets have no confidence in the ability of this Government to get on top of spending.
We saw the farce of a Government who came into office scrapping the £5 billion of welfare savings that were already baked into the OBR’s scorecard because we had brought them in, and attempting to bring forward their own reforms only for their Back Benchers to vote  them down.
My right hon.
Friend is so right; this Government do not have the will or the plan to deal with spending, and that is at the heart of the reason why we will all be punished and pay the price of more taxes come the Budget in November.
I commend the shadow Chancellor for bringing forward this subject for debate.
He clearly shares my deep concern that I have, and that I think everyone in this Chamber should have, that the Government are considering a further tax on property, despite the fact that the Prime Minister committed to not imposing capital gains tax on residents of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Last year, it was the family inheritance tax; this year, those who own property—those who have scrimped and saved for their house, those who are middle class, those hard workers—have now become the latest target of Labour tax policy.
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right.
Of course, if the Government have got into a situation where they are having to scrabble around and look at property taxes, as we are debating this afternoon, than really nothing is safe from the taxman under this Government.
I gently remind the right hon.
Member that since this Labour Government came to power, interest rates have been cut five times—a vote of confidence in our Chancellor, fixing the foundations of our economy.
That saves the average family on an average tracker mortgage in my constituency over £100 a month.
Will he remind me what happened to interest rates when his party was in power?
As the hon.
Lady will know, interest rates are one of the key tools in monetary policy and are applied to bring down inflation.
While she is right that there have been five reductions in the level of the base rate, there should have been many more.
The reason is—the evidence is there—that this Government have stoked inflation.
Inflation is still rising.
It is at twice the level or thereabouts that it was on the day of the general election.
When a Government stoke inflation, we pay the price through higher interest rates, and that is precisely what has been happening.
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the massive impact of these tax rises on so many families and businesses up and down the country.
Will he comment on how we can have a Deputy Prime Minister who has admitted avoiding paying the tax that she owed and who continues in office?
And this, from a party that called for the resignation of people for far lower offences!
Does that not expose the rank hypocrisy that seems to run right through this Government?
If the right hon.
Lady wants to make the rules, she should live by them.
That message will go out to businesses and families up and down the country.
There is no way that they can avoid the juggernaut of taxes that are coming down the track.
In return for the right hon.
Member’s generosity in giving way, I will say something pleasant about the last  Conservative Government.
[Interruption.]
I know—wait for it!
It will be just one thing.
The last Government allowed councils like Westmorland and Furness, run by the Liberal Democrats, to double council tax on second homes.
It is right to do that because excessive second-home ownership annihilates communities in the lakes and the dales, the west country and elsewhere.
But can I encourage the Conservatives and the party in government now to do something that would do much more to limit the number of second homes than that: bring in a new planning category of use, so that national parks and councils can manage the numbers and save communities?