This is hardly a new problem, is it?
The Court decision was in 2018, yet last year we had the levelling-up Bill, which was really a planning Bill with a bit of levelling up added on—no mention of the issue there.
In December we had major consultations on changes to the national planning policy framework—no mention of the issue there.
The Committee wrote to the Minister and asked how many more consultations on planning issues there would be this year.
We were given nine of them—no mention of the issue there.
If it is such a serious issue, why has it taken the Government so long to act?
It looks like the Government are making it up as they go along.
This is a panicked response from the Government to the collapsing numbers of housing starts which the Minister simply wants to do something—anything—about.
I very much value the hon.
Gentleman’s scrutiny of the Government’s record and I very much enjoy coming before his Committee.
We have discussed this issue, and many others, with his Committee in the past.
It is right that we are taking this action.
It is a serious and complex issue, and we needed time to consider all the legal aspects of it.
However, what I come back to time and time again is that we need to unblock planning permissions.
We need housing all over the country.
We are doing that at the same time as protecting the environment and I very much hope to have further dialogue with him about this in the future.
It is always baffling to hear those who believe in environmental improvement saying that only the EU way works.
Does the Minister agree with me that outside the EU we have been able to adapt our laws to what works for this country, and also make improvements such as marine protected areas and provide support to agriculture outside the common agricultural policy?
To say that leaving the EU has meant a degradation in our approach to the environment is simply nonsense.
My right hon.
Friend speaks from vast experience on this issue.
I can do no more than agree strongly with every word.
Leaving the EU allows us to make the laws that are right for our country, most specifically in the area of building the homes we need across his area and across the whole country.
The point here is also that the EU legacy judgment has not improved the quality of the water.
That is why we are taking further steps to mitigate the problem at source.
Everybody who cares about the quality of water should welcome that.
The UK is one of the most nature-depleted countries in the world.
The Government have just set up the Office for Environmental Protection—I was on the Environment Bill Committee when we did that—which says that this planning change is a regression in environmental protections.
We should  not just throw out the rules when they are a bit difficult.
What advice did the Government receive from Natural England—the Minister said she spoke with it—on its approach to problem nutrients?
Did Natural England green-light the proposals or is it being ignored, along with the Office for Environmental Protection?
Natural England is a Government partner.
We work very closely with it, as well as with local planning authorities.
We rely on Natural England to carry out some of the mitigation schemes, the nutrient credit schemes, and many others.
In response to the Office for Environmental Protection, we have a different view.
The Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  set out very clearly her response to the Office for Environmental Protection.
We do not agree with it.
Fundamentally, we do not agree that this is a regression in environmental outcomes overall.
It is perfectly possible to make housing development nitrate neutral in the first place.
Bearwood development in my constituency contains over 2,000 new houses and is nitrate neutral through sustainable drainage and building techniques, so we can have new homes without compromising our environment and without taking good-quality farm land out for mitigation.
Will my hon.
Friend ensure that planning law matches that ambition?