Of course we need more housing, but in my constituency the sewers are over capacity, Victorian and clapped out.
I invite the Minister to meet some of the households where in times of heavy rain raw sewage not only pollutes the environment but floats around the streets, the gardens and even the kitchens.
It is simply not acceptable to imagine we can somehow wave a wand to solve the housing problem.
Finally, may I draw the attention of the House to an excellent website called “Top of the Poops”, which states that in my constituency there were 4,468 hours of sewage last year alone?
That is completely unacceptable.
DEFRA Ministers have been at this Dispatch Box multiple times to update colleagues on the work that the Government are proud to do as part of the plan for water.
This is the most ambitious and stringent package that has been brought forward to tackle this abhorrent issue.
We agree with the hon.
Gentleman that storm overflows and sewage overflows are wrong.
That is why the £2.2 billion of new accelerated investment will be directed into vital infrastructure.
We are clear that the volume of sewage discharge into our waters is unacceptable and that is why we have taken action in terms of stronger regulation, more fines and  tougher enforcement across the board to tackle every source of river and sea pollution.
As the Minister knows, the levels of Somerset are some of the most environmentally enhanced areas in the UK.
Natural England has destroyed chances for development.
We are about to start building the Tata factory, the largest factory that this country has seen for a long time.
That needs to be sorted and I would like the Minister’s thoughts.
Conversely, the reality also slips.
South West Water, which is an abomination, has just announced it will stop pollutants from 120,000 hectares by 2025.
Can we please have a grip on the reality of both sides of this issue?
If we do not, nothing will be developed in parts that are environmentally sensitive.
I am aware that my hon.
Friend represents an area with acute environmental sensitivities and he is right to raise those concerns on the Floor of the House.
We work across Government not only to tackle the storm overflow issue to which he refers, but to find a way to allow house building and other types of building that is much needed to drive jobs and investment, and to support businesses in his constituency, without that having a weakening effect on our environment.
I wonder if I could pick up on something the Minister said a moment ago.
Natural England is not a Government partner; it is a Government agency.
So far as this issue is concerned, it is literally the Government.
This rule has existed since 2019 and the Government’s guidance on it has indeed got in the way of genuinely affordable, environmentally sustainable housing schemes in the Lake District and, I am sure, elsewhere.
The answer was not to scrap it but to change the guidance to make it more intelligent, so that we protect our waterways and our landscapes from pollution without preventing vital development.
Why did the Government spend four years dithering before panicking, overreacting and then acting in line with their own nature by damaging British nature?
The hon.
Gentleman makes his points in his usual way, but without confronting the reality of the situation that affects his constituents.
Of course Natural England is a Government partner and a Government body.
We work in partnership with Natural England.
We work constructively with it to tackle these complex legal issues.
I am sure he would be the first to jump up and complain if we took action too quickly without considering the consequences.
As it is, what we are doing is a sensible, proportionate measure to allow much needed development in the Lake District: homes for his constituents that have the planning permission to be built—finally.
Labour-run Kirklees Council is sitting on millions of pounds of unspent section 106 developer contributions for local infrastructure.
Much of that unspent cash is for environmental projects.
What confidence should we in my area have that our shambolic Labour-run Kirklees Council will be able to deliver these mitigation environmental projects when it is actually not delivering for our local environment as it is?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to raise the record—in his words, the shambolic record—of his local Labour-run council.
What I can say to reassure him and other colleagues is that I have engaged with local authority leaders to explain to them exactly what this change means for them, what we expect them to do, and what they should be doing on behalf of their residents to make sure the money is spent properly to protect the rivers, seas and lakes, and get houses built.
Is it not the case that the only ones blocking the development of the houses that we need, including genuinely affordable social housing—a pitiful number were built last year; I think it was just over 7,000—are those on the Government Benches?
It is the Tory Government who are the blockers of housing development to meet housing need.
That is the case, is it not, Minister?
It might sound very nice on the hon.
Gentleman’s Facebook clip, but if he actually looks at the facts he will find it is Conservative-run councils that have, on the whole, delivered more houses over the last few years in responding to the needs of their constituents, and Labour-run councils that are experiencing significant failures in delivering the houses that their residents need.