What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of withdrawal from the EU on the economy.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of withdrawal from the EU on the economy.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of withdrawal from the EU on the economy.
Good morning, Mr Speaker.
Brexit was a choice made by the British people and it remains a big opportunity for the economy.
Rather than relitigating that debate, this Government are committed to embracing those opportunities.
Prior to the EU referendum, the Bank of England warned that Brexit would seriously damage the UK economy, weakening the pound and causing inflation.
The Government have now delayed import checks on animal and food products for the fifth time, because the costs would add to inflation.
Does that mean the Chancellor finally accepts that Brexit is contributing to the UK’s cost of living crisis?
No, but of course we are sensitive about the timing of introducing those changes because of cost of living pressures.
I am sad to have seen, since we last met in the House, the hon.
Lady announce that she is stepping down; we have much in common on patient safety.
On the NHS, she will know that because of Brexit an extra £14.6 billion is being directed to public services every year, including the NHS and including in Scotland.
Adam Posen, a former member of the Monetary Policy Committee, has described Brexit as a “trade war by the UK on itself”.
This unnecessary trade war has had a real impact on small businesses in my constituency such as Guild Antiques & Restoration, which has found that its orders from the EU have fallen off a cliff edge and its costs have increased.
Scotland did not choose Brexit and we are all worse off as a result.
What can the Chancellor do to fill the economic gaps his hard Brexit has caused?
There is a certain irony in the Scottish National party opposing Brexit at the same time as advocating a far more draconian separation for Scotland, including a new currency and border checks.
On businesses in Scotland, as part of the UK, Scotland is now an independent coastal state for the first time in nearly half a century; the 21,000 people in Scotland who work in financial services are benefiting from the Brexit freedoms in the Edinburgh reforms; and there is extra support for Scottish pubs, because, for the first time, we have a lower beer duty relative to supermarkets.
It is not just Brexit trade barriers having a devastating impact on Scotland’s economy, because the loss of freedom of movement has hugely damaged our businesses’ ability to recruit staff.
Many businesses have had to reduce their offer, cut their opening hours or close altogether.
It is estimated that over the bank holiday UK pubs alone lost out on £22 million because of staff shortages.
Does the Chancellor accept that small businesses such as those cannot keep picking up the tab for his Government’s disastrous Brexit?
What is he doing to solve these staff recruitment problems?
May I gently say to the hon.
Lady that this country has actually grown faster than France or Germany since we left the single market?
This is a bit of a smokescreen for the SNP’s economic policies, which have led to more people out of work and fewer people in work in Scotland than in England.
Leaving the EU gives us the opportunity to modernise our regulations and adapt them to local and national domestic interests, but we will seize the benefits of doing that only if we deliver on regulatory reform.
So will my right hon.
Friend drive that across Departments so that we can increase prosperity and raise living standards as a result?
No one knows more about regulatory reform than my right hon.
Friend, who wrote an excellent booklet on it.
We look at that booklet ahead of every fiscal event, be it autumn statement or Budget.
I hope that she noticed in the Budget big reforms to our medicines regulation.
We will continue to learn from the things she advocates.
For generations, Britain’s world leadership on financial services and financial markets has been a key part of our economy.
I agree that the post-Brexit initiatives such as the Edinburgh review have made excellent strides on making sure that we keep that world leadership.
May I encourage my right hon.
Friend to look at the report from UK Finance  on the tokenisation of markets, as being the world leader in that innovative area would reduce costs for investors, enable money to flow into less liquid assets and fundamentally unlock future growth?