I recently conducted an energy survey in Dalmarnock, which brought heartbreaking stories of pensioners going to bed early to save money on their energy and many households struggling to pay the bills, even in summer.
Does the Minister not agree that Dalmarnock residents and people right across Scotland would benefit from a £400 energy rebate this winter, as the SNP proposes?
We stepped in during the energy crisis with £94 billion of support, including the energy price guarantee, which effectively paid for half of people’s energy bills.
That was important while energy prices were high; wholesale gas prices have now come down.
As the Minister knows, free access to cash is a vital lifeline for many people, including some of the most vulnerable in all our constituencies.
Can he confirm what steps he is taking to ensure that free access is protected and continues to be available across the country, particularly in North Warwickshire and Bedworth?
During the summer, we announced that we have given directions to the Financial Conduct Authority in respect of access to cash: it should be no more than 1 mile in an urban area, and no more than 3 miles in my hon.
Friend’s rural constituency of North Warwickshire.
That is the first time that the statutory right of access to cash has existed in law.
Prison officers tell me that they are at breaking point.
A key source of despair and anger is their pension age of 68, which we should all agree is far too late.
As the Treasury leads on public sector pension scheme policy, will the Chancellor allow the Ministry of Justice to restart negotiations to resolve this grossly unfair and dangerous situation?
I have not heard that matter raised before, but I am very happy to take it back and correspond with the hon.
Lady on it.
Obviously, we have taken  advice on the state pension age and have made clear our policies previously, but I am happy to look at any specific cases she raises.
Can I ask my right hon.
Friend when a fiscal review of all offshore energy activity will be carried out to ensure that we are maximising investment opportunities in critical energy infrastructure such as offshore wind, carbon capture and storage and hydrogen, as well as—while we still need it—domestic oil and gas?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that issue.
I actually had a breakfast with clean energy industry representatives this morning to discuss their concerns.
There is a huge amount of potential investment, and he is right to say that maximising the use of our own oil and gas reserves during transition is a vital part of our energy security policy.
Will the Chancellor consider introducing a windfall tax on banks’ excess profits?
The profits of the big four banks for the first half of this year were up 700% compared with 2020, yet the Bank of England is forecast to pay out as much as £42 billion in interest on reserves to banks in 2023, at the same time as the Government have cut the level of surcharge on banks’ profits by 60%.
With millions of British jobs dependent on financial services, including an estimated 20,000 jobs in Brighton and Hove, I hope the hon.
Lady will join me in celebrating a sustainably profitable financial sector.
It is only that that gives us the ability to invest in skills and technology.