I know that the Acorn carbon capture, usage and storage project is based at St Fergus in my hon.
Friend’s patch, and that Banff and Buchan is within the north-east of Scotland region, which is one of two eligible areas and has been a long-standing global centre for excellence in clean energy, so I wish him every success as those discussions with the Scottish Government continue.
Does the Chancellor agree that my constituency of Clwyd South, that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  and the rest of north-east Wales represent one of the best candidates for a new investment zone?
Will he also consider making this cross-border, given our very close economic, commercial and cultural ties with the north-west of England?
I know there are some great businesses in my hon.
Friend’s constituency—I much enjoyed meeting Robin and Helen Jones of Jones’ Village Bakery at a recent reception in No. 10, and I know they are going from strength to strength.
I holidayed in Clwyd last year, and from the top of Moel Famau I saw a very impressive offshore wind farm.
I completely agree that there is enormous potential in Clwyd for clean energy and, as discussions continue about investment zones, I wish him every success as well.
The UK’s first investment zone is in South Yorkshire, where the Mayor is working hard to develop our world-leading advanced manufacturing and innovation district.
I am sure the Chancellor will agree that if we are going to create a growth area, we need to make sure people can access the jobs there via transport links, particularly by bus.
Will he make sure that included within the financial package available is money to assist with local public transport?
I very much enjoyed my visit to South Yorkshire to open that investment zone.
It is incredibly impressive what is happening there and it was wonderful to welcome new investment by Boeing as part of that.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about transport; that is why we involve local authorities in all our investment zone decisions.
It is also vital to have universities involved, which is why the University of Sheffield is playing such a key role.
I was present on the day the Chancellor came to launch the investment zone in my constituency, and of course I too welcome the investment into Boeing there.
Does he accept that one of the other areas for future development in the investment zone is small modular reactors?
A consortium is being developed in Sheffield with Sheffield Forgemasters, Rolls-Royce and GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy to look at the future—not merely to develop the techniques for SMRs, but to start building SMRs in Sheffield.
Would he be willing to look at that proposal and hopefully offer support for it?
I enjoyed meeting the hon.
Gentleman when we opened that investment zone.
Let me reassure him that I am a big supporter of nuclear and I am very  excited about the potential of SMRs.
There is a competition going on this year, which we hope will be completed by the end of the year, to assess the viability of the various SMR manufacturers, and we want to get going as quickly as we can.
What discussions he has had with representatives of the financial sector on freedom of speech.
The Government have been clear that debanking customers on the basis of political views is unacceptable.
During recess I met banking executives to discuss debanking and lawful freedom of expression, and they have committed to comply with the changes I published on  21 July .
In parallel, the Financial Conduct Authority is conducting an urgent review of debanking practices, which will report back to the Chancellor in the next couple of weeks.
Last week the Met Police chief finally seemed to confirm that the job of the police should be to police and not to seek to align themselves with entities or ideologies.
Does the Minister agree with me that banks and the corporate world should follow that example and focus their efforts on their core business, rather than play the sinister cancelling agenda of the woke brigade that saw Nigel Farage have his account wrongfully closed?
My hon.
Friend represents the views of his constituents in this place clearly.
He is quite right; although they are private entities, banks benefit from a privileged place in society and they should focus on doing their core functions brilliantly, treating customers fairly and making a sustainable return for shareholders, rather than taking sides on politically contentious matters.
Today it is because some people may have a different political view; tomorrow it could be the fact that someone has a different religious viewpoint.
I am a Christian, and as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief, I stand up for those with Christian beliefs, those with other beliefs and those with no beliefs, because I believe sincerely that they have a right to have that belief.
If ever the day came when banks censured anybody because they had a different religious belief, I would stand up against that.
Does the Minister agree?
Let me be clear: yes, the Government agree with that.
No one should be debarred from access to banking facilities in our society because of a lawfully expressed view.
If he and other hon.
Members wish to make representations, the Financial Conduct Authority is currently conducting a review of this matter.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the plastic packaging tax.
In April this year the Government announced that we would conduct a formal review of the plastic packaging tax through analysis of environmental and tax data and customer research to assess the impact of the measure.
More information about the evaluation will be published later this year.
I am pleased to share that a business in my Eastbourne constituency has made many important changes in the way it operates in order to meet its own environmental ambitions, but when it comes to the transportation of food and pharmaceutical products, industry standards linked to public health regulations require such products to be transported in sterile packaging, which necessitates the use of virgin plastics and brings the containers that the business produces into scope for the plastic packaging tax.
Is there a new direction I can share with that business, or will ongoing policy reviews look at such cases?
The aim of the plastic packaging tax is to provide a clear incentive for businesses to use more recycled plastic in packaging.
Following extensive consultation, we looked at a range of possible exemptions and decided to limit those exemptions because we want to encourage innovation in the industry.
Put simply, the more exemptions, the less innovation.
However, all taxes remain, of course, under review.
A proactive approach to a circular economy could create hundreds of thousands of jobs and cut our consumption emissions.
What circular taxation measures is the Treasury looking at to help us achieve those outcomes?
We are clear that we want all taxes relating to the environment to have an impact.
The plastic packaging tax, for example, will clearly have an impact on the amount of recycling that takes place and on the amounts put into landfill.
Those are all things that we assess as part of evaluations, and the plastic packaging tax will be evaluated this year.
What steps his Department is taking to incentivise pension schemes to invest in the UK.
At Mansion House, the Government presented a series of pension reforms that will increase returns for savers and enable the financial sector to unlock capital for some of the UK’s most promising industries.
The Department continues work to build on the initial package of measures and will set out further details in the autumn.