My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
With the right precautions, it is right that we look at that to incentivise employers to deliver the highest returns for pension savers.
The Government have to date taken £4.4 billion from the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
The then cross-party Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee concluded that the Government should not be “profiting from mineworkers’ pensions.”
How does the Secretary of State justify their continued profiteering?
I am not familiar with the issue that the hon.
Lady speaks about.
I would be very happy to meet her to understand it in more detail.
What steps his Department is taking to help support pubs through the tax system.
We are ensuring that pubs remain a key part of our local communities by providing support through the alcohol duty and business rates systems.
That includes a new draught relief that provides a significant duty discount on alcohol sold on draught in a pub, and the expanded retail, hospitality and leisure relief means more than £10,000 in relief for the average independent pub.
After a busy summer knocking around South Ribble and speaking to people, I have often popped in for a pint, including in Croston’s famous Wheatsheaf pub.
From housing MP surgeries—as many pubs do—to being our community living rooms, pubs are absolutely vital.
I have spoken to landlords, including those at the Black Bull and the fabulous Fleece Inn in Penwortham— Get them all in!
There is a pub crawl there for us all.
They need our support, so may I invite the Minister to South Ribble—I will even offer to buy her a pint—to speak to Chris, the landlord at Longton’s fabulous Golden Ball, to hear about his business?
As you know, Mr Speaker, I regard Lancashire as my home, and it would be a delight to return to South Ribble.
My hon.
Friend has named just a few of the roughly 37,000 pubs in England and Wales—perhaps if we had given her longer she would have been able to name them all.
All those pubs will benefit from the Brexit pubs guarantee, which means that the duty on a pint sold in a pub will always be lower than in a supermarket.
Let us see if the Minister is going to get another pint—I call Tim Farron.
Following the question from my dad’s MP, I confess that I have been to all the pubs that  the hon.
Member for South Ribble (Katherine Fletcher)  mentioned.
The biggest burden on pubs in the lakes and the dales is the fact that they cannot find any staff or sufficient staff.
It  is a crisis that affects the entire hospitality sector, 86% of which say that the recruitment of staff is a major problem for them.
The solution will include more affordable homes for workers, more intelligent visa rules and funding new training and skills initiatives.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the hospitality industry to look at a bespoke package to solve the workforce crisis in the lakes and the dales?
I would go further and give as an example the truly transformational programme that the Chancellor set out at the spring Budget to transform childcare policy in this country.
We know that childcare responsibilities hold back many people from entering the workforce, and it is through policies such as this, as well as the work being led by the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions to help people back into the workforce, that will help pubs in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and across the country.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On Friday, the Office for National Statistics published an update to the UK’s GDP growth figures, which shows that the UK economy was 0.6% larger than pre-pandemic levels by the fourth quarter of 2021.
It means that our economy had the fastest recovery from the pandemic of any large European economy, thanks to decisions such as furlough that protected millions of jobs.
For that growth to continue, we need to halve inflation, which I am pleased to report is now nearly 40% below its 11% peak.
I can also tell the House that I will deliver the autumn statement on  22 November .
Staying on the subject of pubs, Carshalton and Wallington is also lucky to be home to some excellent pubs, including the Hope, which is this year’s Campaign for Real Ale Greater London pub of the year recipient.
Will the Chancellor expand a bit more on the work that the Treasury is doing to support pubs not just in the tax system but further afield, and will he join me in wishing Carshalton and Wallington’s pubs good luck in the local pub of the year competition later on?
I very much wish my hon.
Friend’s local pubs the best of luck in that competition, second only to my desire to encourage South West Surrey pubs to do well.
I want to reassure him that we believe that pubs are central to our national life.
That is why we have provided relief on business rates of up to 75% for pubs, and as we heard earlier, the Brexit pubs guarantee helps on their duty pricing.