Will the Economic Secretary update the House on the progress he is making to enable our constituents to access personalised financial guidance if they are among the 93% of our constituents who cannot afford regulated financial advice?
My hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Treasury Committee, makes a really important point about what is called the advice gap.
Treasury officials, the FCA and I are consulting on that, and I will publish an update this autumn.
It has been revealed that Integrated Debt Services, a company set up by the UK Government to recover personal debt, saw its profits increase by a staggering 132% last year.
Do Ministers think it is right that this company should be able to profit to that extent out of the misery of the cost of living crisis?
The hon.
Gentleman is referring to a company that works with the Government’s Crown Commercial Service and that works on debt across central Government.
It has to operate within a very specific framework and, indeed, it is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
I very much understand the point he has raised, and I will be making inquiries on that point myself.
Research and development tax credits are vital to help businesses grow and invest, but I have received a large number of complaints from businesses across Essex saying that they are facing complexities and delays in processing claims with HMRC.
May I please ask the Minister to meet me and some of these businesses to work through the delays and ensure that these businesses can continue to thrive and grow, because they are vital to our economic growth?
I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend and those businesses.
In fact, the UK is leading world economies with our focus on life sciences and on tech.
In that little golden triangle between Oxford, Cambridge and London, we have more tech businesses than anywhere else on the planet other than New York and silicon valley.
I hear the cheers opposite, so keen are Labour Members to support British business, but I would be delighted to meet her and to underline the support that this Government give to such important businesses.