The right hon.
Member makes a significant contribution to the debate about the nation’s pension funds.
Our objective to increase investment—to drive increased returns for pension savers, but also to benefit the wider economy—stops short of mandating.
There is a philosophical difference between this side of the House and the Opposition.
We do not believe it is right for the Chancellor to tell pension funds where to invest, but it is our job to knock down barriers, frictions and impedances to pension funds investing in brilliant British companies.
The Economic Secretary told my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Warwickshire (Craig Tracey)  that he is going to underwrite the statutory right of access to cash, but 6,000 bank branches will have closed by the end of the year, leaving only 4,000 in place, and 15,000 ATMs have closed in the last five years.
How is he going to make sure that this actually happens, rather than it just being an empty promise?
The FCA has significant sanctions in respect of the closure of ATMs that would leave communities without the right of free access to cash.
On the closure of bank branches, we are seeing a significant change, and I hope my right hon.
Friend would respect the fact that technology is changing and consumer patterns are changing.
During the recess, I had the privilege of visiting the excellent community banking hub in Brixham, which I think is a brilliant opportunity.
There should be more than 100 on their way, and that is my objective.
Does the Chancellor accept that many people see income tax rates at the moment as exceptionally punitive, and  does he also accept that there is a need to move as quickly as possible into a growth-based economy and to supercharge our economy in the United Kingdom?
As a Conservative, I want to bring taxes down as soon as we can afford to do so, and I am very proud that for the first time ever people can earn £1,000 a month without paying a penny of tax or national insurance.
As we want to expand our financial services industry not only in this country but abroad, we need to build confidence among consumers that the right thing to do is invest.
Does my hon.
Friend therefore agree that it is vital that regulators respond to and deal with complaints to them and actually impose sanctions against those who breach the regulations?
Yes, I agree with my hon.
Friend on this matter.
It is one reason why we have beefed up the role of the financial regulators review commissioner, and we will also be requiring the regulators to publish regular operating metrics on their performance, to give consumers the trust they need.
Back in 2017, both the Treasury and the Financial Conduct Authority knew there were problems with the prepaid funeral plan market.
Since then, my constituent Gary Godwin of Nantyglo lost over £6,000 to the collapse of a company called Safe Hands.
Across the UK, thousands more have lost millions of pounds altogether.
Will the Minister please meet me to discuss this scandal and Mr Godwin’s case?
Yes, I will be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
What happened with Safe Hands is a scandal, and that is why we have enlarged the regulatory perimeter to bring those who seek to sell funeral plans within the regulatory conduct.
Over the summer ports have been bidding to the Government’s infrastructure fund to help them get ready for the delivery of the new floating offshore wind industry.
May I encourage Ministers to look favourably on the bids from the Celtic sea ports of Milford Haven and Port Talbot, because those two ports are key to unlocking the enormous economic benefits of this new clean energy industry?
I am absolutely happy to do that, and I agree with my right hon.
Friend about the enormous potential of those areas.
Some GP practices are at risk of being priced out of city centres, including in places like St Albans, because of outdated Treasury rules that prevent integrated care boards from spending the money they want to on a GP practice location.
Health Ministers have confirmed to me that their officials are happy to work with Treasury officials.
May I ask for a personal assurance from Treasury Ministers that they will encourage their officials to look at this and resolve it by the end of this year at the absolute latest?
Dialogue is ongoing on this matter
and I can confirm that we will continue to work on this in the coming weeks.
Andy Haldane, the former Bank of England chief economist, recently said in a Sky News interview that the Bank of England kept on printing money for longer than it needed to.
It is clear that central banks across the world have been addicted to cheap money and that this has contributed to inflation across the world.
Does the Chancellor agree that printing cheap and easy money has not been without consequence, and instead our monetary policy must focus on important growth factors such as productivity?
I agree with what my hon.
Friend says.
The Bank of England itself has said there were problems with its inflation forecasting.
It is learning the lessons from that and we must support it every step of the way as it brings down inflation.
Sorry I was late today, Mr Speaker: British Airways cancelled my flight.
When the Chancellor’s predecessor, now the Prime Minister, was Chancellor there was huge fraud in the bounce back loans.
Has he got any of that money back yet?
We are always ferociously determined to recover money obtained through fraud, but because of those bounce back loans we have the fastest recovery of any major European country.
I have recently been contacted by several self-employed constituents expressing concern about heavy fines being imposed for filing tax returns late even though no moneys are owed.
Will the Treasury meet me with a view, perhaps, to reviewing this policy?
I will of course be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I hope he understands that I cannot intervene personally in any case, but I will of course look at the general principle he sets out and see whether there are systemic issues here.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities if they will make a statement on the Government’s decision to use the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill to scrap environmental protections on nutrient neutrality.