The hon.
Gentleman referred to nature markets; he is right to highlight the groundbreaking work we are doing across that piece.
We are continuing with our commitment to those nature markets, which are a very important part of the Government’s plan to keep our environment, protect it and leave it in a better state than we found it.
That is what the Conservative Government have always been committed to and continue to be.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that we have spoken to developers, who, of course, support our objectives.
We have very constructive dialogue with the developers, who are happy to contribute.
We will have those discussions with industry, as I am sure he has heard from developers, because I know he has spoken to them all.
We are on the side of those builders.
It is important to say that the developers most affected by the disproportionate ruling from the European Court of Justice are not the big developers but the small and medium-sized enterprises—the small builders—some of which have gone bust.
It is right that we stand behind them.
I warmly congratulate the Government on taking action on this very serious issue.
I welcome sincerely the remarks from the Opposition spokesperson offering qualified support for what is being done.
We have an issue whereby 100,000 homes, spanning 74 council areas, are being blocked.
Those homes have planning permission already granted, but cannot be built because of the perverse legacy ruling.
More to the point, could my hon.
Friend confirm that there is no environmental impact, because we are doubling investment in the nutrient mitigation scheme?
That is as well as developing protected site strategies for those catchment areas affected most severely by the nutrients issue, which overwhelmingly is not caused by new housing.
Does she agree that the real challenge should be laid down to  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas)  on what she would say to all the hundreds of thousands of young families out there who cannot buy a home in the places they need and want, at a price they can afford?
My right hon.
Friend has considerable expertise in this matter.
He is right to focus on the mechanisms we need to bring forward to enable the much needed planning permission to take effect.
His region in particular is affected by this issue, and I know his constituents and people across the region will be desperate to see those homes built, to allow people a step on the property ladder.
We are about building  a property-owning democracy.
My right hon.
Friend is also right to say that we can do that at the same time as protecting the environment, which is why we have doubled the funding for Natural England’s nutrient mitigation scheme.
We are investing £200 million in slurry management infrastructure and we are helping farmers with a £25 million sustainable package to help them invest in innovative farming techniques to manage their nutrients more sustainably,  which can be of benefit to their farms and agricultural processes.
We are going much further on those protected sites, so that we deal with the problem at source.
That is what we need to focus on.