The Secretary of State for Levelling Up tabled a written ministerial statement yesterday on the Government’s plans, but I am happy to provide an update to the House.
In proposing these amendments, we are responding to calls from local— Order.
May I just say that it is very good of you to offer to give that update?
I decided that it was an urgent question—I expect Ministers to come to the House, as I did not think a written ministerial statement was the way to inform the House.
I am delighted to be here to answer this urgent question.
In proposing the amendments, we were responding to calls from local councils, which want the Government to take action to allow them to deliver the homes their communities need.
At present, legacy EU laws on nutrient neutrality are blocking the delivery of new homes, including in cases where planning permission has already been granted.
This has affected home building of all types, whether that is the redevelopment of empty spaces above high street shops, affordable housing schemes, new care homes or families building their own home.
The block on building is hampering local economies and threatening to put small and medium-sized local builders out of business.
Nutrients entering our rivers are a real problem, but the contribution made by new homes is very small compared with that of other sources such as agriculture, industry and our existing housing stock, and the judgment is that nutrient neutrality has so far done little to improve water quality.
We are already taking action across Government to mandate water companies to improve their waste water treatment works to the highest technically achievable limits.
Those provisions alone will more than offset the nutrients expected from new housing developments, but we need to go further, faster.
That is why, as well as proposing targeted amendments to the habitats regulations, the Government are committing to a package of environmental measures.
Central to that is £280 million of funding to Natural England to deliver strategic mitigation sufficient to offset the very small amount of additional nutrient discharge attributable to up to 100,000 homes between now and 2030.
We have also announced more than £200 million for slurry management and agricultural innovation in nutrient management and a commitment to accelerate protected site strategies in the most affected catchments.
In our overall approach, there will be no loss of environmental outcomes, and we are confident that our package of measures will improve the environment.
Nutrient neutrality was only ever an interim solution.
With funding in place, and by putting these sites on a trajectory to recovery, we feel confident in making this legislative intervention.
I find it extraordinary that the Minister can stand there and make that statement with a straight face.
Over the past eight years, Ministers have stood at that Dispatch Box and promised time and again that leaving the European Union would not lead to a weakening of environmental standards.
Those of us who raised our concerns have repeatedly been told that we were scaremongering.
As recently as  12 June , the Solicitor General said in relation to
the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Bill that “we will not lower environmental protections.”—[Official
Report,  21 June 2023 ; Vol. 734, c. 828.]
Yet here we have it: proposals to unpick the habitats directive and to disapply the nutrient neutrality rules that protect our precious rivers and sensitive ecosystems.
The Office for Environmental Protection has itself made clear that the proposals “would demonstrably reduce the level of environmental protection provided for in existing environmental law.
They are a regression.”
I underline that point to  the hon.
Member for Redcar (Jacob Young) , who is chuntering from his seat on the Front Bench.
The proposals go directly against the “polluter pays” principle by forcing the taxpayer, rather than house builders, to foot the bill for mitigating increased water pollution from house building in environmentally sensitive areas.
What is particularly infuriating is that, as the name suggests, the nutrient neutrality rules were not even about improving our environment, but simply about trying to prevent pollution from getting worse.
Let me ask the Minister some important questions.
On transparency, will the Government follow the OEP’s call for them to make a statement, as required by section 20(4) of the Environment Act 2021, admitting that they can no longer say that the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill would not reduce environmental protections in law?
Will the Minister explain how the Government will meet their objectives for water quality and protected site condition when they are at the same time weakening environmental law?
What advice did Ministers receive from Natural England before the amendments were tabled?
Will she explain why there has there been a complete lack of consultation with environment groups?
Will she also explain what consultation there was with house builders, whom Members will have noticed are cock-a-hoop about the announcement and the subsequent boost to their share prices?
Will the Minister admit that it is a false choice to pit house building against environmental protection when there are successful projects under way to address nutrient pollution?
Will the Government provide evidence for their unsubstantiated claim that 100,000 homes are being delayed as a consequence of these rules?
Will she recognise that money, which can easily be taken away at a later stage, is not the same as a legal requirement to stop pollution getting into our rivers?