My right hon.
Friend is entirely correct and I thank him for his support.
We need to wait for the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill to achieve Royal Assent—it must, of course, undergo parliamentary scrutiny in both Houses—but we are working apace.
We have already started that engagement with local authorities and partners, Natural England and others, to ensure that they have all the operational detail that they need.
What we need to see are spades in the ground as soon as possible.
It is clear from the Minister’s replies that her statutory adviser, Natural England, opposed this move, so will she please publish its advice?
Instead of letting developers and water companies off the hook and pouring even more sewage into our waterways, why does she not take the advice of her right hon.
Friend  the Member for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland (Sir Simon Clarke)  and reverse the Prime Minister’s disastrous decision to scrap local housing targets, which has given nimby councils carte blanche to do nothing?
What I take issue with in the right hon.
Gentleman’s questions—plural—is his comment that we scrapped housing targets.
We have done no such thing.
We are committed to building 1 million homes during this Parliament, and we have the target of building 300,000 homes every year.
That is a very important target that we stand by.
What we are doing, unlike the Labour party, is taking account of local communities.
What Labour would do is build all over the green belt, and I can tell the House that its own MPs are not in favour of that: they are blocking developments in their constituencies.
What we have is a sensible, proportionate approach—to build the right houses in the right places.
What the negative social media debate about all this has masked is the fact that a significant amount of work is being done to create, conserve and improve wetlands around the country.
The all-party parliamentary group for wetlands, which I chair, is supporting the drive by the Wildfowl & Wetlands Trust to create 100,000 additional hectares of wetlands in this country, and we would also like to see a dedicated domestic wetlands team in DEFRA to repeat its successes in peat productivity.
Will my hon.
Friend give us more information about how expert organisations such as the WWT in Slimbridge, in my patch, can apply for the £280 million to continue positive progress on environmental matters, and will she assist my efforts to get the wetlands team up and running?
I know that my hon.
Friend does extremely good work on behalf of Slimbridge and other wetlands in her area.
I should be delighted to meet her, and to read any of the reports produced by her APPG.
I think it important to stress again that the packages to be delivered through the work of Natural England and the credit scheme must continue, and we will be boosting them because we know of the benefit that they have for my hon.
Friend’s area and many others.
Does the Minister accept that the proposed investment in the Natural England nutrient mitigation scheme covers only 15% of the total mitigation requirement to 2030?
Where will the additional funds required to address the shortfall come from?
I do not accept that figure, and I do not know where the hon.
Lady got it.
Those schemes are very much in progress at the moment, on an ongoing basis.
We are working through some of the details.
I should also mention that as well as the Natural England scheme we have the Government’s own scheme, administered by my Department, which we will be able to deliver throughout the country.
Does the Minister agree that there is a flaw in the way in which the Office for Environmental Protection has reached its determination in this matter?
It can take into account only what is in the Bill.
It cannot take into account the other measures that the Minister has mentioned, the Natural England nutrient neutrality programme and the investment in slurry management.
Surely, to form a more coherent view of the environmental impact of these measures, it is necessary to look at all measures in the round, not just legislative measures.
My hon.
Friend is of course extremely perceptive and he is absolutely correct.
We presented an ambitious package overall, and that means we can meet head-on the challenge of delivering the much-needed planning permissions that my hon.
Friend will no doubt welcome in his area—which I know needs more housing—and also protect and enhance our environment.
In its recent comments, the Office for Environmental Protection has interpreted this in a very narrow fashion, and we do not necessarily agree with its assessments.
I know that the Minister has struggled previously with what constitutes retained EU legislation, but what we are talking about today is an amendment to the Conservation of Habitats and Species Regulations 2017.
The challenge before the Minister is that this Government pledged, on the record, not once but seven times during the debate on the Bill that became the Retained EU Law (Revocation and Reform) Act 2023, that they would not reduce those explicit environmental protections.
Will she say now whether that pledge to match those environmental protections directly remains, or does she want to take this opportunity to correct the record and admit that the Government’s word on the environment is not worth the paper it is written on?
I think that what I am struggling with is the fact that the hon.
Lady clearly did not listen to my previous comments on this matter.
I have said a great many times that we do not agree that this is a regression in environmental outcomes, and we stand by that.
We are the Conservative Government, and we are committed to leaving the environment in a better state than the one in which we found it.
That is backed up by a strong package of action across numerous areas.
My constituency was one of the worst-affected places in the entire country, with 2,000 planning applications held up and thousands  of people at risk of losing their jobs.
We are talking not about large construction companies, but about everyday jobbing builders—people with families to feed.
This is a great step towards getting the country moving again and solving an intractable problem.
May I ask the Minister a very simple question?
If I build a small house, or put a little extension on the side of my current house, am I really damaging the watercourses to the same degree as pig farming and chicken farming?
Are these well-intended laws completely missing the mark of what they were intended to do in the first place?
The simple answer to my hon.
Friend’s question is that he is right.
The existing legal framework that has been hindering us has had a disproportionate effect on planning permissions and house building when the main source of the pollution lies elsewhere.
Overall, this package will be able to deliver house building and extensions in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, help the smaller builders and, of course, protect our rivers.
In an industrial area such as Teesside, environmental standards are critical, including around water quality and our riverside.
Will the new policy framework lead to increased funds for the Canal & River Trust, which has seen its budgets decimated in recent years, leading to huge cuts in its activities and the removal of every single litter bin on its land around the River Tees?