This Tory Government effectively banned new onshore wind, which is vital for net zero, energy security and getting bills down.
We now learn this could change because one fine group of Tory rebels is shouting louder than another group of Tory rebels.
There is no leadership, just a Government led by their Back Benchers.
Can we finally get an answer from the Government on whether they will dither and delay or join Labour in leading the way and acting on onshore wind?
Onshore wind has an important part to play, and we are already deploying 14 GW of energy from onshore wind.
The cost of onshore wind has come down significantly.
It is one of our cheapest energy sources.
The hon.
Lady does not have long to wait for the Energy Bill, which we are considering later today.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of the growth plan of 23 September 2022 on mortgage interest rates.
Over the course of 2022, high inflation from Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine saw interest rates increase across most western economies.
The path to lower rates is through low inflation, which is why the Prime Minister made halving inflation one of our five priorities for this year.
I am pleased that the latest Bank of England forecast shows that we are on track.
Mortgage and associated rental costs are soaring in Putney, Roehampton and Southfields, and the Government like to claim it is all due to global shocks or the war in Ukraine, but the latest Bank of England data from July shows that the cost of lending to buy a home remains higher in the UK than in Germany, Italy or France.
Will the Minister finally concede that this difference is because those countries did not have the devastating growth plan or mini-Budget last year, and that it is because of this Government’s wider economic failure that my constituents face these costs?
I am glad that the hon.
Lady’s constituents, among many others, will benefit both from our mortgage interest support and from there being almost double the number of mortgage products on the market now than in October 2022.
I repeat the comment of my colleague, the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury: if the hon.
Lady is so worried about her constituents, what better way of helping them with the cost of living than to do away with the Mayor’s ULEZ tax?
In the UK, homebuyers are overwhelmingly dependent on short-term fixed rate mortgages of just two, three or five years, which means that in times of rising interest rates, as we have at the moment, they are hard hit by massively increasing mortgage bills.
In most other countries, homebuyers have long-term fixed rate mortgages of 10 or 20 years, or of the entire length of the mortgage.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the regulators should ensure a level playing field between short-term and long-term mortgages to give homebuyers a free choice of the sort of mortgage they want, so they can choose to have greater protection against rate rises if they want?
My hon.
Friend has great knowledge of these matters.
It was a privilege to work with him and the sector on how we can offer consumers and homebuyers more choice.
That choice includes the opportunity of long-term fixed-rate mortgages, and my officials and I continue to work on how we can reduce frictions and barriers to those mortgages.