David is not only a diligent public servant, but a man of outstanding

character.
For instance, when congressional liaison tragically passed

in 2023, it was David who compassionately stepped in to coordinate

communications to congressional staff and provide details regarding

funeral arrangements.
In all, David McCormack represents the very best of America's public

servants--dedicated, thoughtful, and unwavering in his commitment in

service to others.
On behalf of a grateful district, I want to

congratulate David on a well deserved and restful retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REINTRODUCTION OF THE FOREST LEGACY MANAGEMENT FLEXIBILITY ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I reintroduce the ``Forest Legacy

Management Flexibility Act,'' alongside Representative Ken Calvert (R-

CA).
I thank my colleagues, Representatives Jim Costa (D-CA), Josh

Harder (D-CA), Kevin Mullin (D-CA), and Suzanne Bonamici (D-OR) for

cosponsoring my bill.
As the former Deputy Secretary of the Interior, I know our national

conservation goals cannot be achieved through public land ownership

alone.
The federal and state governments can and must work with private

landowners who want to do their part to conserve America's natural

landscapes, as my family did for our cattle ranch in 1998.
This bill

would unlock millions in federal funding to help states conserve

working forestlands, create local jobs, and support sustainable forest

management practices that reduce wildfire risk.
Specifically, the ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act'' would

allow States to choose to designate accredited, nonprofit land trusts

to hold conservation easements purchased with federal funding under the

U.S. Forest Service's Forest Legacy Program.
Current law requires that

only the federal or state governments can hold conservation easements

purchased under the Forest Legacy Program.
Allowing States participating in the federal Forest Legacy Program

the flexibility to partner with accredited, nonprofit land trusts will

help permanently conserve more land by working with private landowners

who want to have their land conserved but are wary of selling the

federal or state governments an easement on their property.
Expanding

opportunities to conserve working forestlands will benefit our rural

economies and encourage sustainable forest management practices that

help prevent wildfires.
This bill maintains the integrity of the Forest Legacy Program by

holding all accredited, nonprofit land trusts participating in the

Program to the highest possible standards.
In addition, it implements

safeguards to prevent misuse of the Program and allows the U.S. Forest

Service or State to reclaim easements if a land trust falls into

noncompliance with the Program.
By unlocking new opportunities and funding for permanent land

conservation, the ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act'' takes a

critical step towards protecting our country's natural resources and

forests for future generations.
My colleagues and I are honored to

reintroduce this legislation to preserve America's working forests and

bolster our rural economies.
Mr. Speaker, I encourage all members to

join us in cosponsoring this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 10, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 30

10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine biomedical research, focusing

on keeping America's edge in innovation.