His work continues to inspire, educate, and make a lasting difference

in Indianapolis, across the Nation, and around the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAYOR ESTEBAN ``STEVE'' BOVO, JR.
HON.
MARIO DIAZ-BALART

Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding public servant, a venerated leader in South Florida, and a

dear friend of mine, Mayor Esteban ``Steve'' Bovo, Jr.

For years, Mayor Bovo has dedicated himself unreservedly to this

shared mission of serving with honor the people of Hialeah.
He

consistently maintained the highest standards of leadership and a clear

vision for Hialeah: to bring our community to new heights.
As the son of Cuban exiles whose family was forced into exile in

search of freedom and opportunity, he understands firsthand the

importance of democracy and freedom.
His father, the heroic Esteban

Bovo Caras, served courageously as a pilot of the 2506 Brigade,

the group of brave Cuban exiles who fought in the Bay of Pigs invasion.
This created a legacy for the Bovo family that Mayor Bovo would carry

throughout his life and career.
Growing up in a household that

ingrained in him the value of sacrifice and of civic duty, Mayor Bovo

developed a strong sense of responsibility to serve others and to

defend the values that his family and so many others have fought to

preserve.
From his time serving in the Florida House of Representatives, to his

leadership at the county and municipal levels, Mayor Bovo has

successfully championed policies that protect small businesses, improve

public safety, and preserve the unique culture that defines South

Florida.
During his time as a Miami-Dade County Commissioner from 2011

to 2020, Mayor Bovo demonstrated his dedication to fiscal

responsibility and government transparency.
He has always been a

champion for the hardworking families of our community, advocating for

lower taxes and ensuring that local government remains accountable to

the people it serves.
Since taking office as Mayor of Hialeah in 2021, Mayor Bovo has

proven in word and deed his commitment to our community.
He has

supported local law enforcement, stood with our first responders, and

has never wavered in his mission of seeing our community thrive.
His

hands-on approach to leading the people of Hialeah has solidified his

reputation as a trusted, effective, and admired leader in our

community.
Beyond his official duties, Mayor Bovo has always remained deeply and

personally engaged with the community.
Whether supporting local

businesses, expanding youth development programs, working with

nonprofit organizations, or attending neighborhood events, he has

proven his dedication to serving and knowing the people he serves.
Above all, Mayor Bovo is a loving husband to Viviana and a proud father

to his five children; Oscar, Bianca, Esteban, Sofia, and Alessandro.
I am honored to recognize today my dear friend Mayor Esteban Bovo for

his decades of service and his devotion to our community.
He is a true

public servant, a man of the utmost integrity, and a cherished leader

who has earned the respect and gratitude of the people he has served.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF NATHANIEL LAMPMAN

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the career of

Mr. Nathaniel (Nate) Lampman, Director of Bands at Saline Community

Schools, on the occasion of his retirement.
For nearly three decades,

Mr. Lampman has proudly served the Saline School District in this

position and his efforts are worthy of commendation.
During his career as Director of Bands, Mr, Lampman directly touched

the lives of over 3,000 students and impacted the lives of many others.
Under his encouragement and care, Mr. Lampman led many of Saline's

student musicians to great personal successes, including prestigious

membership in the Michigan School Band and Orchestra Association's

``All State Bands.''