88.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTINE KRZYSIAK AS A COMMUNITY CHAMPION IN PENNSYLVANIA-

16

HON.
MIKE KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

recognize the outstanding service, leadership, and unwavering

dedication of Ms. Christine Krzysiak, who has served as the Crawford

County Treasurer and Director of the Crawford County Tax Claim Bureau.
In addition to these positions, Ms. Krzysiak has also served as the

appointed Tax Collector for current county real estate taxes for the

City of Titusville--duties she has carried out with professionalism and

integrity.
Throughout her tenure, Ms. Krzysiak has demonstrated a commitment to

public service and to the residents of Crawford County.
Her extensive

knowledge, attention to detail, and tireless work ethic have not only

ensured the responsible management of county finances but have also

earned her the respect and admiration of colleagues, local officials,

and community members alike.
Ms. Krzysiak's career reflects a deep sense of duty and pride in her

work.
Her efforts have directly contributed to the effective operation

transparency so essential to public trust.
As Ms. Krzysiak prepares to embark on her well-deserved retirement,

we commend her many years of dedicated service.
We thank her for her

invaluable contributions to Crawford County and extend our heartfelt

best wishes for happiness, good health, and fulfillment in the years

ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JAKE TYNER

HON.
BRETT GUTHRIE

Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Jake Tyner for his

career in the United States Congress.
A Towson, Maryland native, Jake began his career in Washington, D.C.

in 2016 as Director and Associate Policy Counsel of the Global Energy

Institute for the United States Chamber of Commerce after receiving his

bachelor's degree from Elon University and his Juris Doctorate from the

University of Baltimore School of Law.
In 2020, Jake came to the United

States of House of Representatives as Policy Advisor and Counsel to

Congressman David McKinley (WV-01) before becoming General Counsel to

Senator Dan Sullivan of Alaska.
Through these roles, Jake proved his

expertise in energy and environmental policy.
As Chairman of the House

Committee on Energy and Commerce, I was pleased to have him as a member

develop and implement the committee's legislative agenda.
Recently, Jake accepted a role in President Trump's administration to

serve under Secretary of Interior Doug Burgum, as Deputy Solicitor for

Energy and Mineral Resources.
I know Jake will be a valuable asset to

Secretary Burgum, President Trump, and the American people, the same

way he was for me and the members of the House Committee on Energy and

Commerce.
I thank him, congratulate him on his new role, and wish him

the best in his future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MONTH OF APRIL AS SARCOIDOSIS AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

month of April as Sarcoidosis Awareness Month.
Sarcoidosis is a rare inflammatory disease characterized by the

formation of granulomas--tiny clumps of inflammatory cells--in one or

more organs of the body.
When the immune system goes into overdrive and

too many of these clumps form, they can interfere with an organ's

structure and function.
When left unchecked, chronic inflammation can

lead to fibrosis, which is the permanent scarring of organ tissue.
This

disorder affects the lungs in approximately 90 percent of cases, but it

can affect almost any organ in the body.
Despite increasing advances in research, sarcoidosis remains

difficult to diagnose with limited treatment options and no known cure.
Sarcoidosis is considered chronic in people whose disease remains

active for more than 2 to 5 years; in this population sarcoidosis can

be debilitating and life-threatening.