This

disorder affects the lungs in approximately 90 percent of cases, but it

can affect almost any organ in the body.
Despite increasing advances in research, sarcoidosis remains

difficult to diagnose with limited treatment options and no known cure.
Sarcoidosis is considered chronic in people whose disease remains

active for more than 2 to 5 years; in this population sarcoidosis can

be debilitating and life-threatening.
It's estimated that the

prevalence of sarcoidosis in the U.S. ranges between 150,000 and

200,000 with an estimated 1.2 million individuals with sarcoidosis

worldwide.
I am proud to have the Foundation for Sarcoidosis Research (FSR)

based in my district, in the city of Chicago.
I've had the chance to

meet wonderful patient advocates and hear their stories.
FSR is

committed to advancing pivotal research and improving the lives of all

impacted by sarcoidosis and has funded over 7 million dollars to

support academic research to better understand the cause, mechanisms of

progression, and the effective and efficient path to better patient

outcomes.
Most recently, I worked with FSR to address a lack of clarity from

the Department of Labor regarding whether or not clinical trial

participation was a permissible use of leave under the Family and

Medical Leave Act (FMLA).
Like other chronic and rare disease patient

populations, clinical trial access is critically important for patients

with sarcoidosis, as there is no cure and there is a lack of treatment

options.
When requesting time off to participate in clinical trials,

some patients have been denied as HR departments have not interpreted

clinical trial participation as a permissible use of leave under FMLA.
I, along with other Congress members and leading stakeholder

organizations such as FSR, reached out to the DOL to get this

clarification.
Fortunately, the DOL responded confirming that they

interpret clinical trial participation, when medically necessary, is a

permissible use of leave under FMLA.
It further clarified that both

patients and caregivers are guaranteed job protection under FMLA, when

meeting the necessary requirements and choosing to participate in

clinical trials.
This effort extends beyond sarcoidosis and extends to

all those seeking to participate in clinical trials.
I am now working

to spread awareness of this finding, so employers, employees, HR

departments and patients are aware of proper use of leave under FMLA.
This year marks the 25th Anniversary of the establishment of the

Foundation for Sarcoidosis Research.
In celebration of this

accomplishment and years of innovation, empowerment and progress, I

call on my colleagues to recognize the goals and ideals of Sarcoidosis

Awareness Month by supporting federal activities that improve the lives

of patients impacted by Sarcoidosis, and to raise awareness and shine a

light on the 1.2 million people living with Sarcoidosis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF DAVID McCORMACK

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career of David

McCormack as he retires after 34 years of service to the U.S.

Citizenship and Immigration Services agency.
Over the course of his

tenure, David has been a tremendous public servant in his role as a

district congressional lead.
David has hosted numerous congressional outreach meetings to bring

together staffers and federal agency representatives, to keep our

government engaged at the local level with trends in immigration cases.
Throughout the course of his career, David consistently ensured Granite

Staters received the support

they deserved and was able to help with any inquiries that came his

way.
David is not only a diligent public servant, but a man of outstanding

character.
For instance, when congressional liaison tragically passed

in 2023, it was David who compassionately stepped in to coordinate

communications to congressional staff and provide details regarding

funeral arrangements.
In all, David McCormack represents the very best of America's public

servants--dedicated, thoughtful, and unwavering in his commitment in

service to others.