For nearly three decades,

Mr. Lampman has proudly served the Saline School District in this

position and his efforts are worthy of commendation.
During his career as Director of Bands, Mr, Lampman directly touched

the lives of over 3,000 students and impacted the lives of many others.
Under his encouragement and care, Mr. Lampman led many of Saline's

student musicians to great personal successes, including prestigious

membership in the Michigan School Band and Orchestra Association's

``All State Bands.''
Due in no small part to Mr. Lampman's leadership,

the Saline Bands have achieved consistent musical excellence, as

evidenced by the 1st division ratings that the Saline High School

Marching Band routinely receives at marching band competitions.
Mr. Lampman has been recognized on multiple occasions for his

demonstrated talent as an educator.
In 2017, he received the Michigan

Association of Teacher Educators' Teacher of the Year Award for the

State of Michigan.
In association with Mr. Lampman's consistent

leadership in the Michigan School Band and Orchestra Association, he

was voted as District Teacher of the Year in both 2007 and 2015.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mr. Nate

Lampman for his decades of dedication to this school district.
I

sincerely thank Nate for his many years of service to his community,

and join with his family, friends, and colleagues in extending my best

wishes to him in his well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF WALTON COUNTY'S SHERIFF DEPUTY WILLIAM ``WILL''

PAUL THOMAS MAY

HON.
NEAL P. DUNN

Mr. DUNN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to

honor Deputy William ``Will'' Paul Thomas May, who made the ultimate

sacrifice defending his community in the line of duty.
Deputy May was a

dedicated officer, family man, and lifelong Floridian who demonstrates

the best that our state has to offer.
Deputy May's courageous actions

underscore the dangers that law enforcement faces every day while

protecting our communities.
I believe I can speak on behalf of the

constituents of Florida's second congressional district in saying that

we are deeply moved by Deputy May's sacrifice in the name of our

safety.
We collectively mourn the passing of this outstanding public

servant.
Deputy May was born on January 28, 1987, in Fort Walton Beach,

Florida, to William Alex May and Sandra Dee Hargrave Asher.
Deputy May

went above and beyond during his 11-year career in law enforcement.
He

served in both Walton County's field training program as an instructor

and in the breathalyzer program, eventually earning the Life Saving

Award Certificate.
On top of his impressive law enforcement career, he

was a dedicated husband to his wife, Crystal, and an exemplary father

to his four children: Zane, Clarice, Layla, and Tracker.
Outside of

work, Deputy May was known for being a pillar of the community, who

enjoyed playing cornhole and cheering on Alabama football with his

neighbors.
Deputy May was a model officer who never stopped defending his family

and the community he loved.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring

Deputy William ``Will'' Paul Thomas May and offering prayers and

condolences to his family and friends.
May his sacrifice serve as a

reminder that this body must always support our law enforcement and

ensure that they have all the support necessary to safely protect our

communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I missed Roll Call Vote No.
88.
Had I

been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
88.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTINE KRZYSIAK AS A COMMUNITY CHAMPION IN PENNSYLVANIA-

16

HON.
MIKE KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania.