Bachelor of Arts in management of human services and a degree in nursing.
After Paul and Sandy got married in 1965, the young couple moved to Long Beach, California, while Paul completed his military training, before moving to Albion, Michigan, where the Pimentels settled for many years with their children.
In Albion, Sandy and Paul became active in forums and discussions at their church regarding racial integration and inequality as the civil rights movement continued to progress.
It was also during this time that Sandy became friends with Barbara Gladney, and together the Pimentels and Gladneys started a dinner club called the ``Melting Pot.''
The multicultural social group gained such popularity that the dinners had to be moved to large event halls.
After returning to Massachusetts, Sandy and Paul continued their important work advancing social change.
Paul became the youngest Deputy Secretary of State for Massachusetts and helped to create Vineyard Power, a clean energy cooperative bringing offshore wind power to the Cape and Islands.
Sandy served as the Director of Human Services for the Norfolk County District Attorney's office and received awards from the Department of Interior for her work implementing the Alliance Against Racism and Violence Program and from the State of California for her efforts to empower young people to address racism in their communities.
Sadly, we lost Paul too soon on February 5, 2019, at the age of 76.
Beyond their professional achievements, what Paul and Sandy valued most during their 53 years of marriage was their family.
Together they raised their five children, Lisa, Christopher, Susan, Courtney, and Joanie, and many foster children.
The hallmark of the Pimentel family has always been their dedication to uplifting those in their community and willingness to provide a warm and welcoming home for those who need it most.
Over the years, the Pimentels have established themselves as a pillar of the Martha's Vineyard community, serving on countless committees and boards for local organizations, including Martha's Vineyard Community Services and the Martha's Vineyard Diversity Coalition Board.
To celebrate Sandy and Paul's work and commitment to helping others, Martha's Vineyard Community Services is holding a dedication ceremony for the newly named Paul and Sandra Pimentel Early Childhood Center on June 26, 2024.