The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1051 would have ensured that the

legacies of Black American servicemembers are duly recognized and

honored.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1104 requires a report to be submitted

to Congress within 240 days of NDAA enactment on the risks posed by

debris in low Earth orbit and to make recommendations on remediation of

risks and outline plans to reduce the incident of space debris.
Space debris encompasses both natural and artificial particles and

this amendment would address the risk of man-made space debris.
Man-

made objects in Earth's orbit that may no longer serve a useful

function can include nonfunctional spacecraft, abandoned launch vehicle

stages, mission-related debris and fragmentation debris.
Space debris travels at speeds up to 17,500 miles per hour--fast

enough for a small piece of man-made debris to damage a satellite or a

spacecraft.
There are more than 20,000 pieces of debris larger than a softball

orbiting the Earth.
There are 500,000 pieces of debris the size of a

marble or larger tracked by NASA, and there are many millions of pieces

of debris that are so small they can't be tracked.
This amendment seeks a report on risks posed by man-made space

debris, solutions for reducing risks, and strategies for reducing the

incidence of more man-made space debris being introduced into space.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1104 would have addressed these challenges.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1402 requires the Secretary of Defense to

ensure that military academy graduates undergo screening for speech

disorders and be provided with their results.
Many officer positions and occupation specialists require successful

performance on the speech test, so it is essential that military

academy students are aware of their status as they shape their career

path.
Under this amendment, military academy students would have the option

of undergoing speech therapy to reduce speech disorders or impediments.
Thus, military academy students who do not perform successfully on

the speech test have the opportunity to improve their performance and

potentially go on to pursue the officer and specialist positions they

seek.
Approximately 5-10 percent of all children stutter as they develop

language skills.
Boys are 2 to 3 times more likely to stutter than

girls.
And approximately 75 percent of children recover from

stuttering, but the remaining 25 percent will experience life-long

effects of stuttering.
I offered this amendment to help entrants into military academies

find the right career fit for their military service after graduation.
I learned about the issue of stuttering and its implications for a

successful military career through the experiences of a Legislative

Fellow who once served in my D.C. office.
He was a 2016 graduate from the United States Naval Academy with a

degree in Operations Research and a veteran naval officer who was

separated from the Navy in April 2019 because his speech fluency

testing results did not meet the Naval Aviation community standards,

and so he was disqualified from serving as an aviator.
At that critical juncture he was not informed about what careers he

could qualify to fill that would not be impacted by the determination

regarding his speech.
This Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1402 would have represented an

important investment in military academy students, improving

transparency and providing avenues for personal improvement, ensuring

quality candidates for vital military leadership positions.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1405 removes bill language about Critical

Race Theory, thereby rejecting any efforts to inject politics into the

armed services.
In this way, my amendment affirms the importance of July 26, 1948,

the date that President Harry Truman signed Executive Order 9981,

creating the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and

Opportunity in the Armed Services.
This executive order desegregated the military and declared that

there shall be equality of treatment and opportunity for all in the

armed services without regard to race, color, religion, or national

origin.