and Michael; stepchildren Coleen and her husband

Joseph Sr.,
and Kathy; grandchildren Anthony, Nicholas, Ava, Rasheed

Jr., Ramya, Joe Jr., Damyn, Kaitlyn, Kaylona, Jerome, Christopher,

Brittany Johnathan and Miranda.
He will also be missed by many nieces

and nephews.
join me in recognizing the accomplishments and legacy of Lance Corporal

(ret.)
John E. DeVoll.
It is my privilege to rise in recognition of his

service and to honor his memory.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE BRAVERY OF GICELA ALEMAN

HON.
COLIN Z. ALLRED

Mr. ALLRED.
Mr. Speaker, on May 6 our North Texas community was left

scarred by the shooting at Allen Premium Outlets.
Nine people were killed, and 7 others were injured.
But today, I recognize the brave story of the service of Gicela

Aleman.
An unsung hero who that day was shopping for new shoes at the outlet

mall with her daughter, Adele.
When the gunman opened fire, he severely wounded Preeti Patel, a

mother and grandmother who was visiting family in North Texas and like

so many others--was just trying to do some shopping.
Amidst the chaos and violence, Gicela sprung into action.
She grabbed

Preeti and tried to slow her bleeding.
After seeing that ambulances were struggling to get through security,

Gicela drove Preeti herself to get the care she needed.
Preeti is alive today because of Gicela.
An amazing story that deserves a hero's praise.
We thank her for her bravery, selflessness and representing the best

of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

KOREAN-AMERICAN PARTNERSHIP

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, July 27th marks the 70th

Anniversary of the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement, which

formally ended the Korean War.
As Co-Chair of Congressional Caucus on Korea, I was grateful to have

joined my colleagues in welcoming new Ambassador of the Republic of

Korea to the United States, His Excellency Hyun-Dong Cho and the Korean

National Assembly ruling party delegation to the U.S. Capitol for a

breakfast recognizing veterans of the Korean War.
I valued the opportunity to have met with 6 members of the ruling

People Power Party Leader, Assemblyman Gi-Hyeon Kim, members of the

National Assembly Chul-Gyu Lee, Seok-Ki Kim, Sang-Bum Yoo, Min-Kuk

Kang, and Chairman of the International Relations Committee of the

People Power Party and former National Assemblyman Jae-Young Lee.
Visible proof of affection by Americans for the people of the

Republic of Korea was the Joint Session of Congress speech by President

Yoon Suk Yeol.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LECOM 30TH ANNIVERSARY PROCLAMATION

HON.
MIKE KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I proclaim the Lake Erie

College of Osteopathic Medicine (LECOM) as a pillar of the community.
Whereas, LECOM has been established since 1992 in Erie, Pennsylvania

as a college of Osteopathic Medicine and now celebrates its 30th

Anniversary; and

Whereas, LECOM has grown to become the Nation's largest medical

college with campuses in Erie, Pennsylvania, Greensburg, Pennsylvania,

Bradenton, Florida, and Elmira, New York; and

Whereas, LECOM has prepared and graduated more than 16,000 students

to become osteopathic physicians, pharmacy practitioners, and dentists

through programs of excellence in education, research, clinical care,

and community service to enhance the quality of life through improved

health for all humanity; and

Whereas, LECOM has expanded its reach to include exceptional programs

in graduate studies designed to provide scholars superlative education

in the respective areas of study; and

Whereas, LECOM is opening a new School of Podiatric Medicine and

pursuing opportunities to open additional campuses, further

demonstrating their steadfast commitment to continue expanding

healthcare education; and

Whereas, LECOM offers a quality medical education at an affordable

price with one of the lowest, private medical college tuitions in the

Nation; and

Whereas, LECOM provides students a choice of student-centered

pathways that match the learning styles of individual students to

promote success.