MIKE KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I proclaim the Lake Erie

College of Osteopathic Medicine (LECOM) as a pillar of the community.
Whereas, LECOM has been established since 1992 in Erie, Pennsylvania

as a college of Osteopathic Medicine and now celebrates its 30th

Anniversary; and

Whereas, LECOM has grown to become the Nation's largest medical

college with campuses in Erie, Pennsylvania, Greensburg, Pennsylvania,

Bradenton, Florida, and Elmira, New York; and

Whereas, LECOM has prepared and graduated more than 16,000 students

to become osteopathic physicians, pharmacy practitioners, and dentists

through programs of excellence in education, research, clinical care,

and community service to enhance the quality of life through improved

health for all humanity; and

Whereas, LECOM has expanded its reach to include exceptional programs

in graduate studies designed to provide scholars superlative education

in the respective areas of study; and

Whereas, LECOM is opening a new School of Podiatric Medicine and

pursuing opportunities to open additional campuses, further

demonstrating their steadfast commitment to continue expanding

healthcare education; and

Whereas, LECOM offers a quality medical education at an affordable

price with one of the lowest, private medical college tuitions in the

Nation; and

Whereas, LECOM provides students a choice of student-centered

pathways that match the learning styles of individual students to

promote success.
Whereas, LECOM has been ranked by U.S. News & World Report as one of

the top medical colleges for graduating primary care physicians; and

Whereas, LECOM is the most applied to medical college in the United

States; and

Whereas, LECOM has the Nation's only osteopathic academic health

system with its own teaching hospitals, a physician network, and a full

continuum of services for older adults;

Now therefore be it resolved, that I proclaim LECOM as an acclaimed

school of Osteopathic Medicine in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
Be if further resolved, that during their 30th anniversary, LECOM is

commended for the exceptional impact the organization has on the

communities they serve and for their contributions to improving

healthcare for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024

speech of

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of

the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2670) to

authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2024 for military

activities of the Department of Defense and for military

construction, and for defense activities of the Department of

Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such

fiscal year, and for other purposes:

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak on the rule for

H.R. 2670, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal

Year 2024.
This is an important measure that for over 60 years, Republicans and

Democrats have come together to support investments authorized in the

NDAA that will help address the changing global landscape and prepare

the country for future challenges and threats.
I along with my colleagues have offered a number of robust and

thoughtful amendments in furtherance of a process that has generally

been bipartisan work on behalf of America's national defense.
However, I am dismayed that this year, my Republican colleagues in

the majority have refused meaningful consideration of the majority of

amendments offered by my Democratic colleagues.
While I am grateful that one of my amendments was made in order, the

Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1075 (No.
136 as reported in the Rule) and

included in the En Bloc package No.
3, it is beyond disappointing and

disgraceful that my additional 19 amendments were not made in order--

and particularly ones I have offered for many years and have been made

in order.
With respect to my amendment that was made in order, I ask for a

favorable vote on the En Bloc package No.
3 in support of the Jackson

Lee Amendment No.
1075.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.