3 in support of the Jackson

Lee Amendment No.
1075.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1075 would require that a report be

submitted within 220 days of the NDAA's passage detailing our national

capacity to provide disaster survivors with short term housing.
In the aftermath of emergencies and national disasters, victims have

much on their minds.
Homes, properties, businesses, and livelihoods may have been damaged

in the disaster, and families, friends, and community members may be

mentally and physically affected by the disaster, not to mention

additional challenges as they seek to return to work and school.
As these communities begin to face the long process of recovery and

rebuilding, short term housing is one of the first things disaster

survivors need to get back on their feet.
Unfortunately, my constituents and I are no stranger to these kinds

of disasters.
In 2017, Hurricane Harvey devastated the Houston area, affecting over

100,000 homes across the city.
In the aftermath of the storm, finding

temporary housing was one of the biggest challenges to recovery for

many survivors.
Short-term housing was difficult to coordinate due to the sheer

number of Houstonians affected.
As such, it is crucial that Congress have a strong understanding of

our current capabilities and, specifically, our ability to provide

these survivors with short term housing before disaster strikes.
If voted on favorably, this report will not only inform us of our

current capacity to provide housing but will also better equip Congress

to respond to disasters and support survivors in the future.
In addition to this amendment, I offered the below listed amendments.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1010 condemns the actions of Boko Haram and

directs the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on efforts to

combat Boko Haram.
Since 2009, Boko Haram has subjected women and girls to unbearable

and severe forms of abuse, including sexual slavery, sexual violence,

forced marriages, forced pregnancies, and forced conversions.
The United Nation's Human Rights Council report on violations and

abuses committed by this despicable organization reveals the negative

impact of such violent acts on the affected communities and

individuals.
And this year, in March of 2023, Boko Haram displaced at least 3,000

people in fighting along Nigerian border towns and villages.
In April of this year, Boko Haram militants also destroyed hundreds

of homes in Cameroon.
Despite regional coordination efforts by the African Union in

creating Multinational Joint Task Force to fight Boko Haram, this

violent organization continues to commit gross human rights abuses and

serious violations of international humanitarian law, resulting in

ongoing casualties and further destruction of property.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1010 would have supported efforts by

the African

Union and other international entities to effectively counter the

atrocities of this organization.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1084 directs the Secretary of Defense

to submit to Congress a report on the actions taken to protect members

by militants and terrorists in pursuit of bounties and inducements by

the agencies, organizations, or entities aligned with the Russian

Federation.
In 2020, there were reports that Russia was placing bounties on

American soldiers.
Although these reports have not been confirmed, we must be prepared

to contend with such threats.
The lives of our Armed Forces should be valued and protected from our

Nation's adversaries.
It is important that we use our resources to ensure the safety and

well-being of America's service members, as their bravery and valor are

vital for America's success.
It is our duty to ensure that our troops

can return to their families.
That is why I introduced an amendment to ensure that a report is made

detailing the actions taken to protect Armed Forces members from armed

attacks.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1084 would have ensured that we take

a stand against attacks on our military and continue to protect men and

women serving this country.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.