1405 removes bill language about Critical

Race Theory, thereby rejecting any efforts to inject politics into the

armed services.
In this way, my amendment affirms the importance of July 26, 1948,

the date that President Harry Truman signed Executive Order 9981,

creating the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and

Opportunity in the Armed Services.
This executive order desegregated the military and declared that

there shall be equality of treatment and opportunity for all in the

armed services without regard to race, color, religion, or national

origin.
This was a major step forward and was the result of dedicated

advocacy efforts from the NAACP and ACLU, as well as President Truman's

own commitment to the issue.
The importance of this Executive Order and the change it brought

about cannot be overstated.
The diversity of the military and the

equality of opportunity found there is one of the major strengths of

the armed services.
It is crucial that the armed services continue their commitment to

live out the promises of equality and opportunity enshrined in

Executive Order 9981.
The current provisions of the NDAA which prohibit the use of federal

funds for critical race theory are largely political in nature and

represent a step away from the promises President Truman made of

equality and opportunity in the military.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1405 would have ensured that these

political provisions are struck, thereby affirming the value of

diversity and equality of opportunity throughout our military.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1406 requires a report be provided to the

House and Senate Armed Services committee on the extent that readiness

relies on electricity availability to bases, installations, and duty

stations.
The report would provide an assessment on the military's reliance

upon electricity service provided by transformers that manage power

transmission from high power lines to end points.
The assessment would

evaluate supply chain issues impacting the availability of transformers

and surplus transformers held in reserve by the military.
The report

would also assess the overall market supply and demand for

transformers, and any risks that market availability issues of

transformers pose to military readiness, to ensure recommendations on

resolving any risk to readiness posed by supply chain issues with

transformers.
The report would also evaluate the extent if any that

extreme weather plays on transformer supply.
As such, Congress can be

best informed on military readiness if supply chain issues with

transformers persist.
And Congress can ensure that the bases,

installations, and duty stations of the armed services maintain the

electricity they need to remain reliable and fulfill their function,

even in times of crisis induced by natural disasters or supply chain

issues.
This Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1406 offered a proactive

approach to military electricity supply and would have ensured informed

responses when issues arise.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1509 helps to address military recruitment

and retention needs by providing the following modifications to the J-1

Visa process:

J-1 Visa holders who have been legally admitted into the United

States and have successfully completed 8 months out of a 12-month visa

duration or 14 months out of an 18-month visa duration may pursue

opportunities to join the military.
If inducted into the armed

services, they would qualify for permanent residency provided they meet

other enlistment requirements, military fitness standards, have no

criminal background, and are of good conduct during their period of

enlistment and during which time they may pursue citizenship.
During the first years of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, many

military experts expressed concerns that the constant deployments could

negatively impact the force with the expectation that fewer young

Americans would volunteer to serve in a wartime military.
The

expectations of these experts seem tenable given the current

recruitment crisis following our full withdrawal from Afghanistan the

summer of 2022.
With the current trend, this recruitment crisis shows no signs of

abating anytime soon.
As a result, we see shrinking numbers in all

branches of our forces.