This is an important measure that for over 60 years, Republicans and

Democrats have come together to support investments authorized in the

NDAA that will help address the changing global landscape and prepare

the country for future challenges and threats.
I along with my colleagues have offered a number of robust and

thoughtful amendments in furtherance of a process that has generally

been bipartisan work on behalf of America's national defense.
However, I am dismayed that this year, my Republican colleagues in

the majority have refused meaningful consideration of the majority of

amendments offered by my Democratic colleagues.
While I am grateful that one of my amendments was made in order, the

Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1075 (No.
136 as reported in the Rule) and

included in the En Bloc package No.
3, it is beyond disappointing and

disgraceful that my additional 19 amendments were not made in order--

and particularly ones I have offered for many years and have been made

in order.
With respect to my amendment that was made in order, I ask for a

favorable vote on the En Bloc package No.
3 in support of the Jackson

Lee Amendment No.
1075.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1075 would require that a report be

submitted within 220 days of the NDAA's passage detailing our national

capacity to provide disaster survivors with short term housing.
In the aftermath of emergencies and national disasters, victims have

much on their minds.
Homes, properties, businesses, and livelihoods may have been damaged

in the disaster, and families, friends, and community members may be

mentally and physically affected by the disaster, not to mention

additional challenges as they seek to return to work and school.
As these communities begin to face the long process of recovery and

rebuilding, short term housing is one of the first things disaster

survivors need to get back on their feet.
Unfortunately, my constituents and I are no stranger to these kinds

of disasters.
In 2017, Hurricane Harvey devastated the Houston area, affecting over

100,000 homes across the city.
In the aftermath of the storm, finding

temporary housing was one of the biggest challenges to recovery for

many suIvivors.
Short-term housing was difficult to coordinate due to the sheer

number of Houstonians affected.
As such, it is crucial that Congress

have a strong understanding of our current capabilities and,

specifically, our ability to provide these survivors with short term

housing before disaster strikes.
If voted on favorably, this report will not only inform us of our

current capacity to provide housing but will also better equip Congress

to respond to disasters and support survivors in the future.
In addition to this amendment, I offered the below listed amendments.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1051 directed the Secretary of Defense

to submit a report on the naming practices recognizing African American

service members in the Department of Defense.
Throughout the history of our Nation, from the Battle of Lexington

through the Battle of Fallujah to Afghanistan and Iraq, Black soldiers

have served honorably and answered the call to duty during our nation's

time of maximum danger.
For over 200 years, African Americans have participated in every

conflict that confronted this Nation.
Besides fighting the common enemies of this country with unmatched

bravery and valor, Black soldiers also had to confront individual and

institutional racism of their countrymen.
African American servicemembers have served with great valor and

distinction in all branches of our nation's armed forces.
Since the revolutionary war, Black Americans have faithfully defended

this Nation and built a legacy of courage, commitment, and

professionalism.
Like any other group of Americans, Black soldiers have served the

armed forces with great honor, distinction, and generational

inspiration.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1051 would have ensured that the

legacies of Black American servicemembers are duly recognized and

honored.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.