The two main types

of desalination systems on Navy ships, including reverse osmosis and

distillation, produce up to 12,000 gallons of fresh, drinkable water a

day.
The U.S. Navy has a unique opportunity to share resources and

technology that lowers the cost of clean water production and use low-

carbon energy sources.
Now, as climate change becomes an increasing

national security concern, desalinization technology could have

rippling benefits for drought concerns here in the U.S. and around the

world.
In one of the most unstable and geopolitical regions of the world,

the Middle East and North Africa, water scarcity is a severe problem,

with over 60 percent of the population having little or no access to

drinking water.
Currently, the region is heavily dependent on their

current system of desalination, which is expensive and energy

intensive.
As many as 13 out of 22 Arab countries fall into the

category of severe water scarcity and Navy desalination technology

could make significant improvements in their process, addressing both

climate change and security concerns.
Beyond addressing humanitarian concerns, this report will support

needs here at home as water scarcity is a growing concern.
New

desalination technologies could give Americans an opportunity to be

prepared for the next water crisis.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1514

offered a proactive approach to protecting our national security and

our planet as a whole.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROSA CARTWRIGHT'S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF YPSILANTI

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Rosa Margaret

Cartwright of Ypsilanti, Michigan, on the occasion of her 100th

Birthday.
Her dedication to her family and local community over the

last century is worthy of commendation.
Rosa was born on July 18, 1923, in Roanoke, Alabama to Eva and George

Dozier.
Rosa came to Michigan by way of Ohio in the 1940s.
During this

time, she attended the National Beauty Culturists' League for

Cosmetology and held the title of 3rd Vice President and Secretary to

the League.
Rosa also pledged Theta Nu Sigma sorority and is currently

1 of the oldest living sorority members.
She has also held the title of

Theta Nu Sigma's Ambassador for the State of Michigan for many years.
After receiving her degree in Cosmetology, Rosa married her husband

Benjamin in 1951.
Together the couple had 4 children.
A proud small

business owner, Rosa was the owner and proprietor of Tony's Beauty

Salon for over 70 years in addition to a small convenience store.
Rosa

is still an active community member and has served in many city and

local organizations, including the Eastern Star as well as serving as

Choir Director and Vice President of Mount Olive Baptist Church.
Rosa

still meets up weekly with a group of avid game players, and until

recently taught piano.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

100th birthday of Mrs. Rosa Cartwright.
We are so proud of her

continued tenacity and spirit at such a well-seasoned age.
She

continues to be a pillar of the Ypsilanti community and is a true

beacon of love and friendship to all family and friends that are lucky

enough to be in her presence.
Happy birthday to Rosa.