Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1084 would have ensured that we take

a stand against attacks on our military and continue to protect men and

women serving this country.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1099 requires the Secretary of Defense

to report to Congress on the programs and procedures employed to ensure

students studying abroad through Department of Defense National

Security Education Programs are trained to recognize, resist, and

report against recruitment efforts by agents of foreign governments.
Tens of thousands of American students study abroad each year, with

hundreds of them going through the Department of Defense's National

Security Education Programs.
This past year, the National Security Education Program enrolled 108

Boren fellows and 210 Boren scholars, in addition to those enrolled in

the organization's seven other study abroad programs.
Protecting these

students in their time abroad is a priority; hence, the need for the

Secretary of Defense to ensure students know how to detect foreign

intelligence and recruitment efforts.
Generating awareness about risks that study abroad students could

face overseas will safeguard America from being targeted by foreign

governments.
Security measures offered by my amendment, Jackson Lee

Amendment No.
1099, would have continued to protect America's future by

preventing foreign intelligence services from acquiring tools to

inflict harm on America.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1108 requires the Secretary of Defense

to evaluate the threat to national security posed by domestic terrorist

groups and organizations motivated by a belief system of white

supremacy.
Since 2010, white supremacists have carried out at least 17 lethal

attacks, resulting in no fewer than 77 deaths.
White supremacist

attacks account for more than half of all fatalities from domestic

terrorism, per the FBI.
As such, the FBI has deemed that white supremacists ``pose the

primary threat'' in domestic terrorism.
FBI reports have identified

these racially-motivated extremists as part of a transnational movement

facilitated by online networks.
Due to the FBI's assessment of a rising threat of domestic violence

rooted in white supremacy, it is essential that Congress be thoroughly

informed on this matter.
This amendment and the report it commissions will provide valuable

information and an up-to-date, detailed evaluation of the potential

domestic violence threat these groups pose moving forward.
In this way, Congress can better create meaningful policy solutions

that enshrine national security and safety for all.
The Jackson Lee

Amendment No.
1108 offered an important proactive approach to

combatting domestic terrorism.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, on July 17, 2023, I was unable

to be present for the recorded suspension votes on Roll Call Nos.
329

and 330.
Had I been present, I would have voted YES on Roll Call No.
329, S. 111--Providing for Accountability Through Transparency Act, as

amended; and YES on Roll Call No.
330, H.R. 813--Global Investment in

American Jobs Act of 2023, as amended.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2670, NATIONAL DEFENSE

AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024

speech of

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on the rule for

H.R. 2670, the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for Fiscal

Year 2024.
This is an important measure that for over 60 years, Republicans and

Democrats have come together to support investments authorized in the

NDAA that will help address the changing global landscape and prepare

the country for future challenges and threats.
I along with my colleagues have offered a number of robust and

thoughtful amendments in furtherance of a process that has generally

been bipartisan work on behalf of America's national defense.
However, I am dismayed that this year, my Republican colleagues in

the majority have refused meaningful consideration of the majority of

amendments offered by my Democratic colleagues.