The

expectations of these experts seem tenable given the current

recruitment crisis following our full withdrawal from Afghanistan the

summer of 2022.
With the current trend, this recruitment crisis shows no signs of

abating anytime soon.
As a result, we see shrinking numbers in all

branches of our forces.
To put this in perspective, the last fiscal

year, the Army missed its recruitment goal by about 15,000 active-duty

soldiers, roughly 25 percent of its target.
Consequently, the army was

forced to cut its projected active-duty end strength from about 476,000

down to around 466,000.
Shrinking numbers is not caused by strategic

choices but largely due to the lack of qualified volunteers.
The

Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1509 would have addressed this recruitment

crisis with serious implications for our strategic position in this

increasingly uncertain and dangerous world.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
l510 directs the Secretary of Defense

to establish a task force 180 days after enactment that will report to

the House and Senate Armed Services Committees and make publicly

available an annual report that explains the progress made over the

history of the Department of Defense and its predecessor departments

(Department of War) and experiences in integrating African Americans

into the branches of the armed services and the civilian staffing of

Pentagon offices and agencies.
The report shall provide information on the lessons learned about the

social, cultural, legal, and logistical challenges faced, obstacles

incurred, advances made, and the impact of integration on the

warfighting capacity of the Nation.
In this way, the lessons of military integration can be drawn upon by

policy makers charged with the important and necessary work of binding

up the nation's wounds first inflicted with the governmental

legalization and tolerance of slavery in the United States.
The Jackson

Lee Amendment No.
1510 would have made this possible.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1512 requires the Chief of the National

Guard Bureau, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, to submit

a report identifying the personnel, training, and equipment required by

the non-federalized National Guard to prevent, mitigate, respond to,

and recover from natural and manmade disasters.
It is always hard to ever fully be prepared for what is to come

whenever any form of disaster strikes.
It therefore helps to know that

the survival specialists of the Air National Guard are always equipped,

ready, and quick to respond and assist the affected communities.
Whenever a state of emergency is declared, it is because the

authorities believe that the disaster that has occurred or is imminent,

is severe enough to require State or federal aid to increase local

resources to prevent and alleviate damage, suffering, and hardship to

the affected communities.
The Air National Guard has an exceptionally unique role in aiding the

prevention and recovery of these forms of disasters disaster.
Jackson

Lee Amendment No.
1512 would have ensured that the Air National Guard

was prepared to successfully fulfill their role in disaster prevention

and recovery.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
15l4 requires the Secretary of the Navy,

not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to

submit to the congressional defense committees a report on

desalinization technology's application for defense and national

security purposes to provide drought relief to areas impacted by sharp

declines in water resources.
Throughout the history of our Nation, the U.S. Navy has been a

pioneer in national defense and security technology.
The two main types

of desalination systems on Navy ships, including reverse osmosis and

distillation, produce up to 12,000 gallons of fresh, drinkable water a

day.
The U.S. Navy has a unique opportunity to share resources and

technology that lowers the cost of clean water production and use low-

carbon energy sources.
Now, as climate change becomes an increasing

national security concern, desalinization technology could have

rippling benefits for drought concerns here in the U.S. and around the

world.