It is at times of crisis that British nationals abroad need consular services the most.
I share many of my constituents’ concerns about the violence in India, Pakistan and Kashmir, including those of a 12-year-old boy who contacted me yesterday about his aunt and uncle who are stranded in Pakistan, as is one of my lovely neighbours.
Although airspace has now been opened, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that all British residents have access to consular services and are able to return to the UK as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty champion for her constituents, including at all hours throughout the weekend, and I recognise her commitment and the commitment of many others in this House.
The Foreign Secretary set out in a “dear colleagues” letter the details for ensuring that MPs are able to contact the Foreign Office in a timely way, and I encourage all those watching at home to sign up to our travel advice and to keep watching it carefully.
One British citizen denied consular access is Jimmy Lai, who faces life in prison for exercising the rights guaranteed to him under the joint declaration between the United Kingdom and China.
My hon.
Friend will have seen reports that America intended to raise the case of Jimmy Lai during   its recent talks with China in Geneva.
What steps can the Government take to capitalise on America’s renewed interest in his case so that we can secure his freedom?
We continue to call on the Hong Kong authorities to end their politically motivated prosecution and release Jimmy Lai immediately.
As my hon.
Friend would expect, I will not comment overmuch on the actions of other states, but I will say that the Prime Minister has raised this matter directly with the relevant authorities, as have the Foreign Secretary, the Chancellor and many others.
What diplomatic steps his Department is taking to support Ukraine.
Last week I travelled with European partners to Lviv at the invitation of Ukraine’s Foreign Minister, and yesterday I hosted, for the first time in London, Foreign Ministers from the Weimar+ group of key European allies to discuss our joint efforts to strengthen European security and secure a just and lasting peace in Ukraine.
Last weekend the Prime Minister said that the UK would do all that it could to support Ukraine.
If that is the case, why do the Government continue to prevaricate over seizing billions of pounds in frozen assets held in UK banks, which could be used to build Ukraine defences?
The longer we delay, the more likely it is that those funds will become wrapped up in other negotiations and we will lose the chance altogether.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the issue, but it is not an issue on which the Government should act unilaterally.
It is a multilateral issue on which we should act with our G7 partners and our European partners, recognising that some partners in Europe are hugely exposed.
The best way in which to move forward is to pool those assets, and discussions on that are ongoing.
The Yale University humanitarian research lab was doing incredible work in tracking the 19,546 Ukraine children who have been stolen by Russia, but then became a victim of the cuts being made by the Department of Government Efficiency.
Following international outrage, its work was preserved and given a reprieve for six weeks, a period that ended on  8 May .
Can my right hon.
Friend reassure the House that the data collected by the university has been secured and transferred to Europol, or that its funding is secure for the longer term?