The regime in Tehran is responsible for so much of the appalling bloodshed and conflict in the middle east.
It poses a direct threat to Britain and on British soil, as we have seen from the recent arrests of Iranian nationals in counter-terrorism operations.
Has the Foreign Secretary summoned the Iranian ambassador to express concerns and to explain what has been going on on British soil?
What discussions  have taken place with our allies in addition to the nuclear talks that he has just referred to?
What is the position of our partners in the region on the very specific threats that Iran is posing and demonstrating with its dissidents on UK soil?
When will the Government come forward with a comprehensive and clear strategy on dealing with Iran?
The right hon.
Lady is right.
On  3 May , counter-terrorism police arrested eight individuals, including seven Iranian nationals, as part of two separate police investigations.
Of course the Minister responsible for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has spoken to the Israeli ambassador.[Official Report,  15 May 2025 ; Vol. 767, c. 8WC.]
(Correction)
As I said, on  4 March  we put Iran on the foreign influence registration scheme.
We keep proscription under review.
We are fully engaged with our E3 partners, and we are very pleased that Germany now has a Government so that we can work with them together on the JCPOA and snapback, and of course we are speaking to Steve Witkoff.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of allocating 10% of humanitarian aid to educational programmes.
The UK is a principled humanitarian donor.
We prioritise giving humanitarian assistance to people in greatest need, which includes protecting the most vulnerable by supporting access to education in emergencies and crises.
Decisions on future budgets are subject to the ongoing spending review and resource allocation processes.
According to the Education and Development Forum, planned cuts to the official development assistance budget could slash UK aid for education by more than 70% by 2027 compared with 2019 levels.
In Gaza, where 95% of schools are damaged and 650,000 children go without formal education, UK-backed programmes will be vital in restoring hope, providing stability and equipping children with the skills to rebuild.
Does the Minister agree that education aid must be protected, particularly in crisis responses such as in Gaza?
As the Prime Minister set out, the UK will continue to play a leading humanitarian role, including in Gaza, where children must be allowed to return to school in safety.
Through our global funding, the UK enables thousands of children to gain access to essential education services, supporting recovery from the trauma of war and building skills and hope for the future.
In the past, the Minister has spoken very positively about education.
What assessment has been made of the potential progress that could be made in reducing youth radicalisation by allocating aid to education programmes, as we have witnessed over the years a number of young people being brainwashed online by extremist groups?
We have an excellent programme called Education Cannot Wait, which in 2024 provided £12 million in first emergency response grants covering not just the educational needs but the psychosocial needs of those affected by conflict and trauma.