Can the Foreign Secretary explain specifically what the UK is getting in return from China, having been China’s biggest cheerleader in Europe?
Has China committed to stop threatening people on British soil?
Has he received any new commitments from China on its adherence to the Sino-British declaration to uphold freedoms in Hong Kong, particularly with all the pernicious and malicious Chinese activities in the United Kingdom?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for her questions.
The important starting point on China is to be consistent and not to have four or five different China policies, which is what we had under the previous Government.
We have been clear that there are areas where we will co-operate with China, but she knows that we challenge China every time we meet on Hong Kong and on Jimmy Lai.
She also knows there are areas where we are absolutely clear that we will compete with China.
We will be coming forward with our China audit shortly, and we can have a wider discussion then.
We have hearing about and waiting for the China audit for some time.
China has repeatedly failed to take action to stop fuelling Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine—we saw President Xi standing side by side with Putin in Moscow just days ago.
Will the Foreign Secretary provide details on the discussions that have taken place with President Zelensky over his forthcoming visit to Turkey, and what direct support is Britain giving for any discussions he will have with Putin to ensure that any peace is secured and won on Ukraine’s terms, in such a way that respects fundamental basic freedoms and the principle that aggressors should never, ever win?
On  22 April , I raised concerns with my Chinese counterpart on China’s supply of equipment to Russia and on the relationship with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea—North Korea—and Russia and Iran.
The right hon.
Lady will know that I sanctioned Chinese entities that were supplying dual-use technology to the Russians, killing Ukrainians.