I would also like to pay tribute to the fortitude and bravery of Alaa’s family, both those in the Gallery and, of course, Laila, whom I have met on a number of occasions and the Prime Minister has met, too.
We consider Alaa a British national.
He holds both  British and Egyptian nationality.
We have been clear on that point, even though it is disputed by the Egyptian Government.
We are committed to continuing to work on this case.
What steps he is taking to prepare for the 2025 UN ocean conference.
The UN ocean conference is an important moment for protecting the ocean and progress towards UN sustainable development goal 14, “Life Below Water”.
The UK is attending and actively involved in negotiating the political declaration for the conference.
Sir David Attenborough’s latest film, “Ocean” revealed the shocking devastation caused by bottom trawling and asked the Government to take action at the UN conference in just four weeks.
Will the Government use the conference to announce a ban on all bottom trawling in marine protected areas?
Why has the Minister still not set out when we will ratify the ocean treaty, which will keep our small island developing states and overseas territories safe?
The climate and ocean adaptation and sustainable transition programme is improving vulnerable coastal communities’ resilience to climate change, including: protecting and restoring coastal habitats; supporting nature-based solutions; improving small-scale fisheries management; and, the issue my hon.
Friend raises, the use of bottom-towed gear over rock and reef habitats in 13 Marine Management Organisation areas.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Through agile diplomacy, the Government are striking new deals in the national interest, with trade agreements with the United States and India, the first ever UK-EU summit next week and intense efforts to deal with conflicts around the world.
Yesterday, I hosted the Weimar+ group of European leaders in support of Ukraine.
Last week, I pressed for the welcome ceasefire between India and Pakistan.
And every day I am striving to stop the killing in Gaza, so we can get the remaining hostages, like Edan Alexander, home and aid to civilians.
The Foreign Affairs Committee recently heard from the Falkland Islands Government about the urgent need for the UK Government to use the EU-UK reset as an opportunity to remove the detrimental post-Brexit tariffs on Falklands exports.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with his Department and European counterparts to address those tariffs for a new trade arrangement for the Falkland Islands?
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are always seeking to reduce tariff burdens for our overseas territories, and we are in ongoing discussions with the European Union in particular.
Alawite, Druze and Christian minority communities in Syria are still living in fear of attacks from militiamen.
What steps are the Government taking to put pressure on the Syrian Government to prevent any further attacks?
My hon.
Friend has long been an advocate on these issues.
We emphasise the necessity of demonstrating commitment to the protection of human rights in all our engagements with the Syrian Government.
Our public statements have also made it clear that civilians must be protected from violence, and those responsible held to account.
The protection of all civilians and their full inclusion in the transition process is vital for peace in Syria.