We all welcome the easing of tensions between India and Pakistan over the weekend, and our thoughts continue to be with those affected by this shocking terrorist atrocity.
The House will be aware of the ongoing presence of terrorist infrastructure in Pakistan, and that should be a concern for all of us.
Last week at the Dispatch Box, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , commented that he had held discussions with his Pakistani counterpart on this very issue.
What further discussions have taken place to secure commitments from the Pakistani Government that they will dismantle terrorist infrastructure, and what role will Britain play in supporting the removal of terrorist threats within Pakistan, because that is what will improve stability and security in the region?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady, and may I share my reflections over the last few days?
We do need proper communication between India and Pakistan, and that must happen not just on military channels but on political channels.
She will recognise that on this occasion, those communications are poor.
We do need confidence-building measures and to ensure that we are dealing with terrorism where it acts, and of course the United Kingdom will lean in to that.
Above all, we need dialogue.
The international community can play a role, particularly where countries have relations with both countries.
That is why we have been talking to the United States, that is why we have been talking to Saudi, and that is why we are working with the UAE.
What discussions he has had with his US counterpart on the policy of the US Administration on Iran.
What discussions he has had with his US counterpart on the policy of the US Administration on Iran.
The UK is supportive of US efforts to reach a nuclear deal with Iran.
We have encouraged Iran to engage with President Trump’s efforts in good faith and to find a diplomatic solution.
Since the beginning of May, I have raised Iran with US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and the special envoy to the middle east, Steve Witkoff.
We have discussed the range of threats that Iran poses to the UK and our partners.
The Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps is the terrorism export wing of the despotic regime in Tehran.
Why are we not joining the Americans in proscribing this organisation when we did proscribe the Wagner organisation in Russia?
Is it possibly because the Americans are pressuring us to continue our tenuous diplomatic links with Tehran?
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that on  4 March  the UK specified Iran under the foreign influence registration scheme, which targets those who undertake malign activity in the UK.
Of course we keep proscription under review.
We are looking closely at the area of state threats; that is traditionally very different from the sorts of cells and terrorist communities that we do proscribe.
That is why the Government continue to look at this area very carefully.
Our United Kingdom and the United States are aligned in the view that a nuclear-armed Iran would pose a serious threat to global stability.
With nuclear negotiations currently under way between the US and Iran, can the Secretary of State inform the House what outcome his Department would consider to be a success from a British perspective?
Crucially, does he have a contingency plan if those talks fail to produce an acceptable result?
Iran is now producing roughly one significant quantity of highly enriched uranium every six weeks.
That is 40 times above the limit in the joint comprehensive plan of action—the deal that we struck with Iran, which I have in front of me.[Official Report,  15 May 2025 ; Vol. 767, c. 7WC.]
(Correction) I am really crystal clear about this.
Iran must never develop a nuclear weapon; it must reverse its escalations—we have seen that in its enrichment programme; it must not carry out any critical weaponisation work; and these terms have to be fully verifiable.
Unless we get that, we will see a snapback of the sanctions regime that we struck with it 10 years ago.