The Secretary of State was asked— What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on the entry of aid and food supplies into Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support people impacted by the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
Aid must be restored to Gaza.
It should never be used as a political tool, and Israel is bound under international law to allow the unhindered passage of humanitarian aid.
The UK has jointly called an urgent session of the UN Security Council this afternoon to address the dire situation in Gaza.
The current intentional blockade of food, water and medicine by the Israeli Government is preventing life-sustaining supplies from reaching thousands of children, who the Minister knows are most vulnerable to malnutrition and premature death.
Save the Children estimates that over 65,000 children are suffering.
What decisive action are the Government taking beyond the E3 statement to make it clear to the Government of Israel that their siege in Gaza must end immediately  and that a humanitarian aid system cannot be replaced with a military-controlled one?
Will he consider sanctions and the cessation of arms and rule out any trade deal, as children should not pay the price for the inaction of the international community?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the plight of children in Gaza and, indeed, all those suffering from the lack of aid and the continued conflict.
This Government have been clear that the ceasefire must be restored.
Since the E3 statement, which she mentions, we have taken the decision jointly with our partners to call an urgent session of the UN Security Council, given the gravity of the situation.
The looming famine in Gaza is not a natural disaster; it is a direct result of the deterioration of the ceasefire agreement.
It is deeply concerning that this is putting the entire population of Gaza at critical risk of food insecurity and potential famine.
Can the Minister assure me that this Government are supporting every possible opportunity to get vital resources and humanitarian aid into the region?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
We are doing everything we can to ensure that aid gets in, that hostages are released, that Hamas are no longer in charge of Gaza, and that we get the ceasefire and path to a two-state solution that we so desperately need.
The UN’s Philippe Lazzarini is right, isn’t he, to say today that Israel is committing a “massive atrocity” by blocking aid to the children of Gaza?
As well as the urgent need for aid, the Palestinian people need more trade with countries like the UK.
Will the Minister explain how my constituents in Rochdale  can buy more Palestinian goods, such as olive oil, herbs and dates, and support tech companies and the many co-operatives that operate in the west bank and in Gaza?
I know that Rochdale is the home of the co-operative movement in this country and that there are many co-operatives in the Occupied Palestinian Territories as well.
On  20 April , we signed a memorandum of understanding with the Palestinian Authority.
That includes pursuing further co-operation in exactly the areas he describes, including economic development and trade.
Gaza faces imminent famine due to the Israeli Government’s blockade, and over 2 million people face catastrophic hunger levels.
What action are the UK Government taking to lift the blockade and secure the delivery of humanitarian aid to Gaza?
This Government have a clear position on the vital importance of aid returning to Gaza.
That is why we are calling an urgent session of the UN Security Council this afternoon.
It is why the Foreign Secretary has made these points repeatedly and clearly to his Israeli counterparts, as indeed have I.
How long will the UK walk by on the other side as Palestinian children bleed and starve to death?
Is it not time that this Government, and indeed His Majesty’s loyal Opposition, show that they are supportive of Israel, but that that  support does not necessarily mean they are supportive of a particular Government—in this case, the racist, brutal regime of Netanyahu?
Let us not forget what this Government have done.
We restored funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency after the Conservatives froze it.
We suspended arms export licences whereas the Conservatives did not take action.
We have provided £129 million in humanitarian assistance to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We are not on the other side of the road.
I welcome the right hon.
Member’s strong views on this; I found his intervention last week very powerful indeed.
There is no one on the Labour Benches who does not understand the gravity of the situation.
That is why we invited the Palestinian Prime Minister, why we signed the memorandum of understanding, and why we are calling an urgent session of the Security Council.
This Government will not be on the other side of the road from Palestinian suffering.
Last week the United Nations issued a report describing the situation in Gaza as “one of the most ostentatious and merciless manifestations of the desecration of human life and dignity”.
The Government have always insisted that it is not for them but for the courts to determine what is and what is not a genocide, but the Minister will know that the genocide convention also puts a legal obligation on states to act to prevent a genocide.
Does he believe that the UK has fulfilled its legal obligation under that convention to prevent a genocide in Gaza?
As I said to  the right hon.
Member for The Wrekin (Mark Pritchard) , we are taking action—not just rhetoric, but action—to try to address the situation in Gaza.
That includes calling the Security Council to an urgent session this afternoon, alongside our partners.
We will continue to take the action that we think is needed to ensure that the people of Gaza get what  they need.
We hear about the actions that the Government are taking, but unfortunately none of them are leading to the prevention of the starvation and killing of innocent civilians.
The latest numbers, which are only an estimate, show that over 60 children have died of starvation according to official records.
We do not know how many have died but have not yet been recorded.
There is one step that the Government have not taken.
I welcome the aid, but when it stands on the other side of a crossing and cannot get to the people who need it, it is useless.
Some 10 or 11 months ago, aid was airdropped into Gaza.
Why are the Government not airdropping aid or providing it by sea, and will they condemn the bombing on  2
May  of the freedom flotilla, which went to provide aid?
As I think the House knows, I am familiar with the impediments to getting aid into Gaza—I went to the Gaza-Egypt border to see the restrictions for myself.
We have made these points in public and in private, and we will continue to do so.
We are talking to our Jordanian partners and others—many in the region understandably have real concerns about the lack of aid  getting in.
Although we are considering, with Jordan and others, what the alternatives may be, I must be plain with the House: there is no alternative to a land route if aid is to get in at the scale that is required, so we must be clear with the Israeli Government and all partners in the region that opening those crossings is critical.
Mr Lazzarini has said that children in Gaza are more likely to die of starvation than of an act of violence.
What does my hon.
Friend expect from this afternoon’s session at the UN?
What specifically will be asked for that would move the situation on?
Israel cannot be allowed to continue using food as a weapon of war.
I think I was clear about the Government’s expectations in my previous answer.
Those expectations are grounded in Israel’s international legal obligations.
Ultimately, this is a week of diplomacy: the President of the United States will be in the region, and we will raise these issues in the Security Council.
I hope that diplomacy will be able to make progress towards a ceasefire and the restoration of aid.