The Minister raises the important issue of the cost of living.
Given the dire economic impacts of Brexit, including food inflation being eight times higher than it would otherwise have been, and the costs of leaving the European Union amounting to £1 million an hour in 2022, according to data from the Office for National Statistics, does he agree with me that it makes total economic sense for the UK and the people in it to use next week’s summit to start discussions with the EU on what the process of rejoining might be, and the timings for that?
Many people may still be finding things a little bit gloomy and challenging as a result of the mess left by the previous Government, as I am after 10 months of being a Member of Parliament, but today I am incredibly heartened.
It is probably the happiest day I have spent in the House yet, because we have a real opportunity to be hopeful and positive about the future of this country.
The ideology and chaos that have caused so much damage, with the Conservative Government running frit from the Reform party, have now given way to a party that is pragmatic and has proven itself to be competent.
I would love at this stage to congratulate the Government on their tremendous securing of trade deals with India and the USA.
I am looking forward to the hat-trick, where we secure a trade deal with the European Union that is even bigger and better than either of those two, and all in the British interest.
What is absolutely clear to me—everybody knows this in the Labour party and it runs through everything the Prime Minister has said—is that this country needs growth.
Over the last 14 years, services have been decimated.
Every time the new Government open a cupboard, we find it bare.
We have to rebuild our public services, and the swiftest way to get growth in the economy is by having a good trade deal with the European Union.
Nothing will guarantee swifter growth for the economy.
I find it very hard to take anything that the Conservatives say with any degree of seriousness.
What is their explanation for why, after 14 years, public services are on their knees and we have seen a collapse in the economy?
We even heard a Conservative Front Bencher,  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , say that there has been growth since leaving the European Union despite Brexit—even the Conservatives admit that it was a disaster.
Nothing will deliver the growth that this country needs faster than signing a good deal with the European Union, slashing red tape and reducing regulation with the biggest market on our doorstep.
Opening up markets, kick-starting growth, boosting exports and investments and reducing prices at home—this prize would be welcomed by anyone who is not a crazy ideologue.
We on the  Government side are not crazy ideologues or prisoners of our past—or of a television programme from the past.
The actions that the Conservatives took while in government have damaged the British people.
Businesses across the country, and in Chelsea and Fulham, want us to get a good deal from the European Union.
People in my constituency do not want us to rejoin the EU, and I am not talking about rejoining.
They would like us still to be in it, and they think it has done them damage.
The importer of wine in my constituency who has to pay £160 for every consignment he now brings in would like us still to be in the EU and to not have to face that.
But they do not want us to spend the next five years renegotiating the deal.
Oh, it was sarcasm.
As I was saying, I am very pleased, as many are, with the Government for being cool-headed and having a common-sense approach.
We are going to reset our relationship with the European Union and put Britain first.
Putting Britain first has to also mean putting our young people first, so I am excited by the opportunity for young people in my constituency and every constituency to take advantage of a time-limited, controlled visa-based youth system, which we already have with a dozen countries.
I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman what people in Chelsea and Fulham really want.
They do not want a Prime Minister like the last one—a business Prime Minister—who said that we would level up to help people across the country but then did nothing about it.
What they want is a Prime Minister who will   invest in increasing skills and apprenticeships right across the country, as ours said yesterday that he will.
That is what we need, and that is what we are getting now.
Iran is now producing roughly one significant quantity of highly enriched uranium every six weeks.
That is 40 times above the limit in the joint comprehensive plan of action—the deal that we struck with Iran, which I have in front of me.
I am really crystal clear about this.
Iran must never develop a nuclear weapon; it must reverse its escalations—we have seen that in its enrichment programme; it must not carry out any critical weaponisation work; and these terms have to be fully verifiable.
Unless we get that, we will see a snapback of the sanctions regime that we struck with it 10 years ago.
The right hon.
Lady is right.
On  3 May , counter-terrorism police arrested eight individuals, including seven Iranian nationals, as part of two separate police investigations.
Of course the Minister responsible for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has spoken to the Israeli ambassador.
As I said, on  4 March  we put Iran on the foreign influence registration scheme.
We keep proscription under review.
We are fully engaged with our E3 partners, and we are very pleased that Germany now has a Government so that we can work with them together on the JCPOA and snapback, and of course we are speaking to Steve Witkoff.
Second Reading opposed and deferred until  Tuesday 20 May  ( Standing Order No. 20 ).