Liberal Democrats cautiously welcome the response from the Minister.
Clearly, ensuring that people have a good return on their investments is essential, but we welcome this step change where we are looking at investment within the United Kingdom within the appropriate parameters.
Would the Minister unpick for us what core lessons he has learned from Australia and Canada, which have already embarked on this path?
Also, it has long been a long-term investment opportunity for many in the pensions industry to invest in rental opportunities.
How can we drive the opportunities in the social rented sector through the accord?
Finally, the Minister rightly talks about a pipeline of opportunity.
Our fear is that these might only be large opportunities, such as the redevelopment of an airport, when many of our communities are worried by the collapse of our town centres; there could be buckets of opportunity highlighted there, which could be driven by appropriate investment through sources like this.
It is characteristically bold of the Liberal Democrats to cautiously welcome these measures.
However, the hon.
Member is right to raise the question of Australia and Canada.
We look across at places with similar pension schemes to those in the UK, and the levels of private asset allocation in those schemes is far higher than we see here in the UK, so he is absolutely right on that front.
On the two specific points the hon.
Member raises, I agree on investment in the social rented sector.
Many of our pension funds are already doing that, and I know  that other major ones will be making announcements in that area in the months ahead.
He also raises the breadth of investment opportunity.
He is absolutely right that there are large, national-level projects, but there are also many more local projects.
Where those are financed by the private sector, pension schemes may want to look at them as well.
Will the Minister spell out how this deal provides real change for constituents across the country, and what it means for infrastructure projects, especially housing?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There is no way that Britain can return to growth unless it starts investing in its future again, rather than living in its past, which is, if we are honest, what we have been doing in recent years.
This is part of a much wider story.
I hope that there is cross-party consensus—there is certainly consensus across the pensions industry, and among most economists who look at the UK economy—that we need to move to a higher investment level.
The finance for that is one thing; some comes from abroad and some comes in domestically, but it also needs to come from our pension schemes.
Obviously, it is for the public sector to play its part, but we should be careful in distinguishing this.
The Government are doing our bit on public investment levels, with £113 billion extra of public investment compared with the plans inherited from the Conservative Government.
That is doing a lot of the work to move us to the higher investment equilibrium, but there are lots of projects, and in the end most investment happens in the private sector.
That is where I welcome the progress made by the pensions industry today.