Which development programmes he plans to maintain funding for after the planned reduction of the official development assistance budget in 2027.
This Government are resolutely committed to development, but we recognise that we must do it differently.
We will ensure that the aid budget delivers value for money and has impact globally.
Supporting and growing economies will be at the heart of how we spend ODA going forward, and further decisions on the ODA budget, including specific programmes, are subject to the spending review and resource allocation processes.
These severely constrained budgets call for thinking smarter, not simply smaller, so what work are the Government doing with the World Bank and other international institutions to make sure that UK development spend is fully leveraged so that every penny is as effective as possible?
The right hon.
Member raises a very important point, and we of course continue to engage closely with our partners at the World Bank and other multilateral development institutions.
Multilateral co-operation allows a global scale of investment and delivery that outstrips what countries can achieve alone.
We are also looking at other ways, including through the important work of British International Investment and other bodies, so we are going to look across the board and multilaterally to increase our impact.
The International Development (Gender Equality) Act 2014 says the Government must have due regard to spending aid in a way that contributes to gender equality.
Following on from the earlier question, will the Minister confirm that supporting women and girls is a ministerial priority and that we will continue funding vital programmes that support women and girls in many areas?
It certainly is, and women and girls will remain at the heart of our programming.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that equality impact assessments are an essential part of how we make decisions on ODA allocations.
Indeed, Minister Chapman will be appearing before the International Development Committee later today, and I think she will be setting out our approach to the equality impact assessment and other processes.
Will the Minister ensure that Britain properly replenishes Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, a brilliant programme that has benefited so much from British leadership as well as taxpayers’ money?
When making his decision on how big that replenishment should be, will he remember that the polling shows that 83% of our constituents think this is a brilliant use of taxpayers’ money and that we should support it?
The right hon.
Gentleman and I have engaged on these issues for a long time, and he knows that I recognise the importance of Gavi’s work and that of other bodies such as the Global Fund.
We are proud to have supported Gavi to vaccinate over 1 billion children, saving 18 million lives and generating $250 billion in economic benefits.
We are considering our next investments as part of the spending review process, and we look forward to the June event.
The reduction to 0.3% will require painful decisions, but there are innovative financing mechanisms on which Britain could lead—for example, increasing special drawing rights, using the exchange equalisation account, guarantees and debt relief.
Can the Minister commit to working with the Treasury to look at all these non-ODA instruments in which Britain could show leadership and fund our development programmes?
I absolutely can make that commitment.
I will not go into any individual item on my hon.
Friend’s list of suggestions, but as I said in an earlier answer, we are looking at all measures by which we can support development and economic growth globally, working with multilateral partners.
What steps his Department has taken to commemorate Victory in Europe Day.
I was honoured to attend the VE Day military procession, reception and service of remembrance alongside the Prime Minister and His Majesty the King last week.
The events were a fitting tribute to the hundreds of thousands of men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice during the second world war.
Victory in Europe celebrations in Suffolk Coastal last week were a poignant reminder of the need to continue to press for peace today both in Ukraine and in securing an end to the war in Palestine.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree with me that the lessons of world war two must not be forgotten as innocent civilians continue to face violence and warfare here in Europe and in the middle east?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
It is important to put on the record that the Commonwealth played a tremendous part in the second world war.
Our European partners played an important part, and Europe benefited greatly from the sacrifices made to fight fascism.
Wherever we see tyranny, we must continue to stand up for the rights of innocent people, and I was proud to spend the next day in Lviv standing with those who are fighting today.
The centenary of the second world war is way into the future, but will the Foreign Secretary ensure that the UK does not repeat the mistakes of the past when we were rather late coming to the party with the international commemoration of the centenary of the great war?
Will he say when we will engage with international partners to start preparing for the centenary of the second world war, and will his Department, the Cabinet Office or  the Department for Culture, Media and Sport take  the lead?
The right hon.
Member asks an important question.
Entering my 25th year in Parliament, I am not sure that I will still be in Parliament on that occasion.
However, he is right that we commemorate that appropriately, so I will ask the necessary questions in the coming days and update him.
What steps he has taken to support international programmes on nature restoration and resilience.
We cannot address the urgency of the climate and nature crisis without co-ordinated global action.
We are supporting nature restoration and resilience in many important ways, including by protecting and restoring forests, working with indigenous people in the Amazon and Congo basins, and supporting vulnerable coastal communities and ecosystems.
Last week marked the 99th birthday of Sir David Attenborough and the release of his powerful new film, “Ocean”.
I encourage all Members to watch it.
It makes a compelling case for ocean protection as essential to tackling climate change and restoring nature.
With the 2025 UN ocean conference in France fast approaching, will my hon.
Friend ensure the UK arrives in the strongest position for that conference by ratifying the high seas treaty and delivering our domestic nature restoration goals through measures, including ending bottom trawling in marine protected areas?
Let me wish a belated happy birthday to Sir David.
His advocacy for the natural world is truly inspirational.
We are committed to ratifying the agreement, and we will introduce legislation to implement it as soon as the legislative timetable allows.
What recent progress he has made on helping to secure the release of Alaa Abd el-Fattah.
The Government are committed to securing Alaa’s release, and we continue to raise his case at the highest levels of the Egyptian Government.
The Foreign Secretary has raised the case on multiple occasions, as have I.
The national security adviser has also raised this case, as has the Prime Minister.