Will the Minister confirm the state of the current negotiations over the future of Gibraltar, including whether they will be concluded before the EU-UK reset, and will he confirm that the views and interests of the Gibraltarian people will be paramount?
The hon.
Gentleman can be absolutely assured on that latter point.
I spoke to the Chief Minister of Gibraltar just this morning.
We have been working closely with him and, indeed, with our EU and Spanish counterparts, and all sides agree on the importance of concluding a treaty as soon as possible.
We are working closely with all the parties in that regard, and we will only conclude an agreement that protects sovereignty and UK military autonomy, provides certainty for the people of Gibraltar and secures their future prosperity.
We will endeavour to achieve that in due course.
Over the past few days,  has reported that an airport worker and his wife, who works in the NHS, have been raising funds in the UK through an unregistered charity called Zayir UK and sending them to Hezbollah-linked groups in Lebanon.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that charitable donations in the UK cannot be used to fund terrorism in the middle east?
The entirety of Hezbollah has been proscribed in the UK since 2019.
Raising money for terrorist organisations is a criminal offence.
This Government will continue to take robust action against those suspected of raising money for terrorist organisations in the middle east and around the world.
Nearly every single child is at risk of famine in Gaza as the Israeli Government use starvation as a weapon of war.
We have heard from Ministers today about the action that the Government have taken so far, but there are still some actions that they have not taken, including the recognition of Palestine as a state, individual sanction and a total suspension of arms to Israel.
If now is not the time to take those actions, when will  that be?
We are committed to recognising a Palestinian state at a time that has the most impact in achieving a reality most conducive to long-term peace in the region, and we continue to talk to our partners about that.
The other issues that the hon.
Member raised have already been discussed in this session.
Given the Prime Minister’s warning that the world has fundamentally changed and that we are in a dangerous new era, will the Secretary of State commit to protecting the British Council and its soft power role in strengthening global relationships, and does he agree that any cuts to its support would undermine decades of trusted UK diplomacy?
The British Council has no greater champions than Labour Ministers on the Front Bench.
It does a fantastic job to promote the UK abroad.
Across this House, we love the British Council.
The right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) raised a point of order yesterday following the Department’s failure to respond to a letter from a number of hon.
Members asking the Secretary of State to come to the House to make a statement on alarming research that shows that the UK continues to send large-scale exports of lethal weaponry to Israel.
May I beseech the Secretary of State to make a statement to the House on this matter?
If he is not willing to do so, can he confirm that all statements that he has made in this House since September 2024 relating to arms exports to Israel have been completely accurate and fully transparent?
Yes, I can.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that this Government are totally opposed to the expansion of Israel’s military operations in Gaza and are four-square behind restoring the ceasefire?
As I said last week, we are opposed to an expansion of Israel’s military operation.
I was also asked about the Israeli Finance Minister’s comments about the destruction of Gaza—comments that I had not seen at the time.
I have since seen them and I condemn them.