Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I have to admit to shedding a tear last night when I heard the news of Sir Roy’s passing.
Within nine months of joining the House in 2019, I became the Chief Whip of a small group of 11, and he treated me and my party with the utmost respect.
He was the first person to refer to me as “chief”—sadly, my family have not picked up that term—which showed the respect he had for the House, MPs and the parties they represent.
I valued his counsel.
We sometimes take the daily business for granted, but it is testament to the work of the usual channels and the Government Whips Office that we end up with the business and debates we have in this place.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  is sitting with me.
When Sir Roy left his role and the House in 2021, we took him for dinner at the Liberal Club.
I will just say that the club’s standards of service were exactly what my right hon.
Friend and I expected them to be; I will say no more  on that.
Sir Roy was the epitome of the best of the civil service.
We had good conversations, but it is fair to say that no confidences were betrayed.
I am very saddened to hear of his loss.
My thoughts and my party’s thoughts are with his family.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
In his role in the usual channels, Sir Roy Stone had a unique influence in this place, as we have heard, working for decades for the Government Chief Whip and the Leader of the Opposition, providing advice to both and protecting the confidences of both, but answering honestly to each.
Those in the usual channels hold the only role in government that means working for both the Government and the Opposition; Roy managed the Whips Offices for both.
The British public see adversarial politics and parties in this Chamber, but for decades, Roy and his teams organised and co-ordinated legislation, debates, recesses, statements and urgent questions and managed the relationship between the parties.
Woe betide any Chief Whip who tried to change Roy’s recess schedule, which was almost always in tandem with the Kent school holiday breaks.
Every political science course in the country should have dedicated modules on the usual channels and Sir Roy Stone.
Roy’s dominance of this behind-the-scenes role made him one of the most impactful and consequential civil servants of his time.
Despite being fair to all sides, he was political to his core, not least during the hung Parliament and Brexit.
During that time, he was passionate about and focused on supporting the Government to deliver on the referendum, and was increasingly frustrated with us politicians, and in particular me, for failing to deliver a meaningful vote.
Roy loved his central role in this place, and had the respect, if not always the agreement, of everyone, politician and civil servant alike.
Despite all the stresses and strains in that most demanding period of parliamentary history, which is when I worked with him, what shone out was the love for and commitment to his family: his brother, who was ill with cancer during the Brexit years; and his wife Dawn and children Hannah and Elliott.
In particular, there was pride in Elliott’s commitment to the RAF, in which he was a cadet, and of which he is now a full-time member.
A patriot at work, a patriot at home.
Rest in peace, Sir Roy Stone.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Roy was political to his core.
He loved this place more than anyone could possibly imagine.
He regularly got quite frustrated with Governments and Prime Ministers.
I will always remember arriving at the office on my first day as Chief Whip, and seeing his look of frustration and irritation, which said, “Who on earth have they sent me now?
He’s never been in the Whips Office.”
I remember Roy sitting me down and explaining that he worked for me 51% of the time and for the Opposition the other 49%.
I wanted him to shift the dial a little more in my favour, but he was never going to do that.
I asked him, rather naively, what I should read, and whether it was worth picking up “Erskine May”.
He looked at me and said, “Chief, only strange people and Clerks read ‘Erskine May’.”
Yet there was a not a page in “Erskine May” that he did not know.
Roy started as an apprentice in the Ministry of Defence, worked his way through to No. 10 Downing Street and got briefings ready for Prime Ministers, and then went into the Whips Office.
All that equipped him to understand raw politics.
As anyone who has been Chief Whip will know, it is deputies, not Chief Whips, who whip their party; Chief Whips have to manage the Prime Minister and the Cabinet.
They are there to save the Government from doing incredibly stupid things to themselves every single day—or that was the case in my day.
I have a feeling that might not have changed that much.
I would sometimes come into the office and Roy’s eyes would roll; he had heard the news about the latest decision emanating from No. 10.
Yet he would always sit down, talk through the problem and give solutions—a potential way out of the awful mess that you found yourself in.
I particularly recall the day after the 2017 general election.
For those who were not here, it had not gone quite as well as we had hoped.
I arrived at the beautiful Chief Whips Office in Downing Street and Roy, who was as good with his Anglo-Saxon words as any man—I will not say the word he used, but it rhymed with “clucking”—said, “Well, you clucking screwed  that one up, didn’t you?
What are you going to do?”
At the time, the Prime Minister was in shock and not really doing an awful lot, and it fell to the Whips Office to work out how we took things forward.
Sitting down with Roy to work things out was essential to our putting together a deal with the Democratic Unionist party—a deal that made sure that  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  did not have the opportunity to form a Government in 2017, or since.
Roy lived and breathed politics, but also cared about nothing more than his family.
I would hear him talk with such pride about his daughter at university, and about his son, whom he took to countless events related to swimming, and then to the RAF.
Altogether, Roy was a good friend.
Just a few weeks ago, I was sitting down with him, having a cup of coffee and talking about his family.
We talked about the difficult times, but also the amazing times.
He will be so missed.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I want to pass on the sincere condolences of the Scottish National party to the family and friends of Roy Stone, and I really hope that they take comfort from today’s proceedings.
We speak of Roy in such terms not just because we respected him, but because we liked him.
He was a likeable guy who was great company and such fun to be with.
I will never forget the kindness that Roy showed me as a new Member of this House, and as a recently installed Chief Whip who did not have a clue about House business or procedure.
He patiently ran through how the House worked; getting a lesson from Roy Stone on parliamentary procedure is something that I will never forget.
I was representing a group of five, and Roy had time for us all.
The SNP finally got access to the usual channels when we became the third party in the House, and I was able to observe how effectively he did his work.
I will never be in government, unlike others who are paying tribute today, but I saw how seamlessly Roy was able to serve Governments of different hues, and how the ship of state sailed on under his stewardship and command.
Roy was the absolute epitome of public service and commitment to this House, which he loved, and we will all miss him dearly.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for allowing this quite exceptional but fitting tribute, which I am sure will give some comfort to Sir Roy’s wife Dawn and his children, Hannah and Elliott.
It was my privilege to work with Sir Roy during the first three and a half years of the coalition Government.
Coalition government had never been done in this country in modern peacetime.
The coalition required service to not one party but two in government, and for Sir Roy, it was a time of change and challenges, but they were all challenges that he took impeccably in his stride.
There are many anecdotes that I could tell you, Mr Speaker, but unfortunately, too many of those who were involved are still alive, and there are limits to how far one can push parliamentary privilege.
The genius of Sir Roy Stone was that he never betrayed any personal political view.
That was how he was able to serve Governments of all stripes.
The dignity of Parliament and of the business of government really mattered to him.
There was only one occasion when I  saw Sir Roy’s mask slip.
It was the early days of the coalition Government.
The Liberal Democrat Whips Office was in the business of babysitting, and on this occasion it involved an actual baby; it was not the normal babysitting that the Whips Office is called on to do.
Inevitably, as happens with babies, there was a need for a nappy to be changed.
I took the baby—I think it was Jenny Willott’s son, Toby—into my office, and I had laid him on the sofa and was changing his nappy when Sir Roy Stone appeared in the doorway.
One glimpse at his face told me that this scene realised his worst fears about having Liberal Democrats in government.
Sir Roy cared about both Government and Parliament, and being able to serve both requires very distinctive and particular talents.
It was a privilege to work with him and to have the benefit of those talents.
For those who mourn him, especially his family, the recognition of those talents should be an enduring comfort.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I first knew Sir Roy Stone when I became leader of my group after the 2017 general election.
He did, in fact, pass views on the Chief Whips of the time, but I think they are probably best kept to myself for now, because some of them are in the Chamber.
He was immensely supportive, and as the leader of a very small group, I learned so much from him.
It was the first time that the group had had meetings with the Chief Whip.
I speak on behalf of a small party, and Sir Roy’s respect for Parliament, and for the presence of small parties in it, was evident.
He felt that we had a role to play, and he enabled us to play that role very effectively.
My lasting memory of Sir Roy was from just after he left.
A member of staff, Fflur Elin, could play the harp.
Sir Roy found that out, and nothing would do but for Fflur to bring in said harp to play for him.
It has been an honour to know him, and people’s recollections of him today tell me that he had immense influence on all of us here.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Democratic Unionist party, I want to convey to the family of Sir Roy Stone our deepest condolences at this time of tragedy and grief.
To serve under a number of Prime Ministers and Chief Whips is no easy task, but he was always fair and impartial.
He contributed loyally and with great wisdom.
I would not like to say anything against any of the Chief Whips in my party, but I have probably challenged them all, and to be perfectly honest, I probably still do.
Sir Roy’s advice was much sought after and liberally given.
He set a standard for others to follow, and to admire from a distance.
It is always good to cite the Bible at these times; he has run the race, he has fought the good fight and there are many crowns laid up for him in heaven.
Thank you, Sir Roy, and God bless all the family at this time.
These really have been fitting tributes to Sir Roy Stone.
He will always be in our thoughts and memories because of what he did for this House.
I know that the Clerks feel the same way.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the Mansion House accord.
Mr Speaker, I would like to associate myself with your tribute and those of other Members to Sir Roy Stone, who was a true public servant, and a servant of this House.
Pensions matter.
They underpin not just the retirement that we all look forward to, but the investment on which our future prosperity depends.
This morning, 17 workplace pension scheme providers, between them managing about 90% of active savers’ defined contribution pensions, signed the Mansion House accord.
The accord was proposed and developed by the industry, specifically by the Lord Mayor, the Pensions and Lifetime Savings Association and the Association of British Insurers, and builds on the work of the former Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Sir Jeremy Hunt) , who is in his place.
Signatories to the accord have pledged to invest 10% of their main default funds in private assets by 2030.
These are productive assets that boost the economy, such as infrastructure.
At least 5% will be for UK assets.
This investment could support better outcomes for savers and deliver growth finance to Britain’s world-leading science and technology businesses.
It could also support clean energy developments across the country, delivering greater energy security and jobs.
The shift towards greater investment in private assets is a journey that the sector is already on, because everyone recognises that UK defined contribution schemes stand out relative to their international peers for how little they invest in those areas.
This is right for savers because it is in their interests for pension funds to hold a diverse range of assets, and it is in Britain’s interests.
This Government want to see higher investment levels in the UK.
We cannot continue with the lowest business investment in the G7, as we managed under the previous Administration.
Supply of capital is part of that—and today’s agreement is expected to release £25 billion of additional investment into the UK economy by 2030—but so is the supply of projects to invest in: the pipeline.
Our job as a Government is to support the depth and visibility of that pipeline, and that is why we are getting this country building once again.
The accord is an industry-led agreement—nevertheless, I hugely welcome it.
The pensions industry’s decision to invest in more productive assets, from growing companies to infrastructure, will support better outcomes for savers and faster growth for Britain.
In the coming weeks, the Government will publish the conclusions of the pensions investment review to support the move to bigger and better pension schemes.
We will implement the review’s reforms, and others to improve returns for savers, in the forthcoming pension schemes Bill, which I look forward to presenting to the House.
May I start by associating myself with the very fine tributes made to Sir Roy Stone?
My condolences go to his family.
No response from the Chancellor, we see, but I thank the Minister for his statement.
The retirement incomes of millions of UK savers rely on the careful management of pension funds.
Those pension providers have a fiduciary duty to act in the best financial interests of their members.
We on the Conservative Benches support efforts to ensure pension funds are investing in assets that can both increase UK productivity and growth, and deliver stronger, stable returns for investors and savers.
Indeed, that was the purpose of the first Mansion House compact, which was brokered by the last Conservative Government.
As we well know, Labour Ministers have a habit of thinking they know best what to do with other people’s money, but it should ultimately be the responsibility of the providers, which have been entrusted by savers with their money, to make investment decisions.
Reports that the Government intend to take new powers to mandate pension funds to allocate minimum amounts to specific classes of assets should be a matter of great concern to this House.
Can the Minister confirm whether the Government intend to take such legislative powers in the pensions Bill later this year?
If he cannot rule out making such a move, can he explain what it would mean for the existing fiduciary duties set out in legislation?
Major players in the industry, including Scottish Widows, have reportedly refused to take part in the latest iteration of the Mansion House compact.
Can the hon.
Gentleman explain to the House why that is, what discussions he and other Ministers have had with Scottish Widows and others that have chosen not to take part, and what concerns they have raised?
Let me be clear: we on the Conservative Benches want a pensions industry that is investing in growing UK businesses, infrastructure, housing and all those elements that drive a healthier economy, but it also has to be for the benefit of savers.
Of course, the risks in this case would be borne entirely by private sector workers, while public sector workers would be protected.
Finally, we are clear that pension savings should never be there to dig a Chancellor out of the economic hole that she has made.
I will directly address two questions and then come to the overall tone of the shadow Chancellor’s remarks.
There has been a debate across this House and in the wider industry about mandation, including on UK equities.
It has been led by Conservative peers in the House of Lords—Baroness Altmann has called for exactly that—and by some Members in this House, including  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  on the Conservative Benches.
What we are setting out a voluntary agreement led by the industry.
On the industry consensus behind the accord, 90% of the defined contribution industry, by active savers, have signed up this morning—and all providers, including those that did not sign up today, are committed to the idea of more investment in private assets.
More generally, the shadow Chancellor’s tone is disappointing.
The truth is that he is a lonely figure.
There is a wide consensus about the direction of travel to invest more in private assets, as Canadian and Australian pension funds do, and today’s accord is industry led; it sets benchmarks agreed by the industry, and in fact many industry players want to go further.
There should be cross-party consensus.
At the event this morning, the Chancellor spelt out that this work builds on the work  of her predecessor in supporting the 2023 Mansion House compact.
The shadow Chancellor will remember that compact because it was signed under a Conservative Government when he was the Work and Pensions Secretary—he was in the press release, championing it.
He was right then, and he is letting himself down now.
I have some news: a response to the accord has just come in from Guy Opperman.
Hon.
Members will remember him, because he was the Conservative former Member for Hexham and the only Pensions Minister in the last Government to last more than five minutes; he was in post for five years.
What did he say about this morning’s accord?
He said that it is a “good thing” and “should be welcomed”—he is not wrong.