Does the Minister agree that there is a circularity in the argument that the reason pension funds do not invest in the UK is because returns are lower here?
In Australia and America, the stock markets can depend on more than 40% of pension fund assets investing domestically to create bigger returns, compared with just 4% in the UK.
Does he agree that if we are really to make these reforms fly, we will need to involve the 28,000 defined benefit schemes as well as the 4,000 defined contribution schemes?
That is more like it!
That is what we want to hear from the Conservatives.
The right hon.
Gentleman rightly says that progress was made under the previous Administration.
I have made that clear, and the Chancellor made that very clear this morning, as I said.
I have discussed with many leading members of the pensions industry the fact that we are explicitly building on the progress that the right hon.
Gentleman made, rather than throwing any babies out with the bathwater—even after they have had their nappies changed by the previous Lib Dem Chief Whip,  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) .
I very grateful to  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Sir Jeremy Hunt)  for the tone of his question.
He is also right to highlight the lack of UK bias in some of our pension schemes.
We see that right across asset classes, and it is not in the interests of the country in the longer term.
As he knows, the focus today is on private assets, but we do need to think more broadly.
What are we all after?
We are after well-functioning capital markets, both public and private, and these reforms will make a big difference in that regard.
I am not saying that there is not more to be done; I am sure that there is, and that he will continue to play an active part in those debates.
The Science, Innovation and Technology Committee inquiry into the innovation and growth of the regions has repeatedly heard evidence that the lack of access to investment, particularly outside London and the south-east, is a barrier to scaling up our fantastic science and tech start-ups, so I welcome the commitments to put more of our pensions and savings into the productive economy—and I am rather surprised by the response of the shadow Chancellor.
Will the Minister say a little more about how these commitments will support growth through innovation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
She has long talked about both the issues that she raises: the regional balance of investment and the ability of growing firms to get hold of growth finance.
The latter is a long-standing problem in the UK economy, and today’s accord will help to address it.
Although we talk about private assets and investment helping with infrastructure, it is also about providing growth capital to a wider range of firms.
Obviously, the onus is on us and private asset managers to provide ways for pension funds to direct capital.
Those are often small-ticket items, and pension funds will need them to be aggregated up to a higher level.
That is exactly the work of the British Business Bank, which I know she has engaged with through the Select Committee.
On both points, she is 100% right.
Undoubtedly, the City of London is not in the best possible place when it comes to where it is investing and the amount invested in UK equities.
When I was a Minister, we had the Hill review, the Kent review, the Austin review and the capital markets review.
Everything was done to seek to open up the City to more initial public offerings and more momentum.
This systemic undervaluing of UK equities, and therefore the lack of investment in them, needs to be set alongside the fact that billions of pounds of taxpayers’ money is used to enrich the size of pension schemes through tax reliefs.
I urge the Minister to continue engaging with the City.
I welcome the voluntary commitments given, but we must come to the point where the risk-aversion of DB schemes is called out, considering the amount of taxpayers’ money that is effectively going into them.
Will the Minister continue to look carefully at the options available, given that the previous Government sought—and his Government will no doubt continue to seek—to meet them wherever possible?
I always enjoy discussing these things with the right hon.
Member, as we have done over recent months.
He offers a recognition of the challenge  facing the country, and in focusing on what we can do to start changing things, he takes a much better position than that adopted by his Front Benchers.