We know that education can make a real difference to a girl’s life chances, which is why the last Conservative Government committed to ensuring that every girl has access to quality education.
However, we will now be spending less on development, so can the Minister give clarity on the commitments that the Government are making to support women and girls over the next few years?
Which programmes will be kept and which will be cut, and how much will be invested in those programmes?
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office’s humanitarian framework sets out our long-term approach through three policy priorities: providing humanitarian assistance for those in greatest need; protecting people at risk in conflict and crises; and preventing and anticipating future shocks and building resilience.
When it comes to building resilience, the people most at risk are often women and young girls who fail to have access to education.
The indices of educational attainment will be the basis on which many of these decisions are made.
Whether his Department plans to introduce a statutory right to consular assistance.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on introducing a statutory right to consular assistance.
We are committed to strengthening support for British nationals abroad, including introducing a right to consular assistance in cases of human rights violations.
The Department is considering a package of measures, which we will announce in due course, alongside options for stakeholder consultations.
Every year, an estimated 5,000 British citizens are arrested abroad, many of them under false pretences.
Many are used as hostages and denied access to legal representation, and their families are left without information, not knowing what has happened to them.
High-profile cases at the moment include those of Alaa Abd el-Fattah in Egypt and of Jagtar Singh Johal in India.
None of these people has an automatic right to support, as is the case with other countries such as the United States, so can the Minister give us more details about exactly what the consular assistance will be and whether it will be automatic for everyone?
The safety and security of British nationals overseas is a top priority for the Government.
This is a complex area of policy—the hon.
Lady has described  the wide range of different consular cases that the Foreign Office responds to, from kidnap cases to more routine cases.
As I set out to the Foreign Affairs Committee, given the complexity of these issues we will come back to Parliament in due course with options for consultation.
I remind the Government that their manifesto promised a legal right to consular assistance in cases of human rights violations.
The Government have now been in power for close on a year.
This is not something that should take a big shove; surely, we should do it straight away.
Surely such assistance should be a legal right.
People including Ryan Cornelius and Jimmy Lai are still being held.
Ryan Cornelius has been held illegally for 17 years, which the UN has criticised as a human rights violation.
For ages we did not send anybody to see him; surely now we must act and call out these regimes.
The first place to start is by giving those people the absolute right to consular assistance.