I know that a lot is going on, but the biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction treaty is important.
It is about our blue planet and our oceans, in which we used to have a leadership position.
When we were leading it, 115 countries signed that treaty, but it needs to be ratified as well, and very few countries are ratifying it, including Britain.
When we asked the Government about it, they said that it was because they did not have enough time.
Have they dropped the ball, is there a Bill, will we ratify it, and will we ratify it before the UN Oceans Conference?
We will redouble our efforts to get into the legislative queue and do all that is necessary to maintain our leadership in this important area.
Today we welcome the release of Edan Alexander, the latest hostage freed by Hamas, after over 500 days in captivity.
The fact that they still have people in captivity is disgraceful and barbaric and puts into perspective the fact that the group Kneecap are being platformed in Croydon, after they shouted support for Hamas from a stage.
What pressure are the Government putting on the Palestinian authorities to ensure that the remaining hostages are returned to their families as they should be?
They should never have been taken in the first place.
We continue, with all our partners, to call for the immediate release of all hostages.
I think particularly of Avinatan Or, who has a British mother and who is still in captivity under who knows what conditions.
We will continue to press for the release of all hostages.
On  15 May  we will commemorate the 77th anniversary of the 1948 Nakba, which saw hundreds of thousands of Palestinians displaced from their homes and dispossessed, and it still continues today.
I pay tribute to Ministers for the diplomacy they are engaged in and for the recent memorandum of understanding that was agreed with Palestine, but the children of Gaza cannot wait weeks and months.
They need food and water now.
What more can we do?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for continuing to raise these issues.
We have a meeting of the UN Security Council this afternoon.
It was important that I spoke to colleagues in Saudi Arabia and the UAE the weekend before last about these issues and with partners in the region, particularly as President Trump visits.
I am very concerned following a meeting with my German counterpart about Israeli decisions to reduce the number of distribution points, and we will be making these representations very actively over the coming days.
It is not often in this House that we recognise a former civil servant, but before we proceed to the next business I would like to pay tribute to Sir Roy Stone, who died yesterday.
It feels far too soon, given that he only retired from his role as principal private secretary to the Government Chief Whip in 2021 —a role he held for more than 20 years, serving 13 Chief Whips, and in turn this office, with great distinction.
Working in No. 10 before he joined the Whips Office, Roy served every Prime Minister from Margaret Thatcher to Boris Johnson.
He was virtually invisible outside this place, but those who were involved in this tricky business of keeping the parliamentary machinery running smoothly all knew him well.
Roy was, despite the sometimes fearsome reputation of the Whips Office, a kind and generous man, loyal to his principles as well as to his political masters.
He was highly respected and held in great affection by those in the civil service and with whom he worked closely.
There are many Members and staff in all parts of both Houses who worked with him and benefited from his advice and guidance.
I know that they will be deeply saddened by this news.
As we know, the usual channels is not something we ever discuss.
That just shows the great man we are talking about.
I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in sending our condolences to Roy’s family: his wife Dawn, daughter Hannah and son Elliott.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
It is by convention unusual for the Government Chief Whip to address the House.
It is also by convention forbidden to refer by name to those who hold the office of principal private secretary to the Government Chief Whip.
It is a measure of Sir Roy’s service that today we lay those conventions aside.
Sir Roy was the literal embodiment of the usual channels for more than two decades, ensuring each day that while the Government got their business, the Opposition were able to scrutinise their work.
As I look back on what were, on occasions, tumultuous times in this place, Sir Roy was, with skill and integrity, the constant that held things together.
Trust was placed in him and his wise counsel was sought over many years.
I send my deep condolences on behalf of the Government to his family, friends and the many staff who worked with him.
Such was Sir Roy Stone’s diligence and long service that one could be forgiven for thinking that work was his main concern, but I know from speaking to him that his main priority was always his family, of whom he was tremendously proud.
They should be equally proud of him.
My thoughts are with them at this difficult time.