Gaza has been starved of humanitarian aid for over 70 days now.
Ministers have repeatedly expressed their disappointment, but there is no evidence that the Israeli Government are listening or have any intention of reopening the supply routes.
In March, the Foreign Secretary withdrew his assessment that the blockade is a breach of international law.
Will the Minister state how many days the blockade must continue before the Government recognise it as a breach of international law?
To make clear the UK’s support for Palestine’s right to self-determination and opposition to the extremist policy of annexation by force, will the Government commit to working with France towards the joint recognition of the state of Palestine at the conference next month?
The Foreign Secretary has been clear repeatedly, as have all Ministers from the Dispatch Box, that it is the long-standing policy of British Governments that we do not make legal determinations.
We made an assessment when we arrived that there was a real risk of serious breaches of international humanitarian law, and that continues to be our finding.
Given the events that many in this House have rightly raised, we continue to make those assessments and include all those events in them.
On the French-Saudi conference in June, we continue to talk with all our partners.
As I said in my previous answer, this is a period for diplomacy.
A ceasefire is desperately needed, and it is diplomacy that will get us through to the next stage.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the situation in Kashmir.
The UK welcomes the commitments made by India and Pakistan  to pause any further military action.
Given our strong and close relationships with both countries, the UK stands ready to work with both sides to make a lasting ceasefire a reality.
On Saturday, I met constituents in Bury North with deep family roots in Pakistan and Azad Kashmir, including relatives in Mirpur, Kotli, Bhimber, Lahore and Gujrat.
There is growing anxiety within this community in Bury about the potential for the conflict to escalate once again.
While I praise the efforts of the British Government in securing a ceasefire, given the UK’s historic ties to the region, will the Foreign Secretary assure the House that the Government will continue their diplomatic efforts and dialogue to ensure lasting peace, including the vital protection of water access under the Indus waters treaty, which must not be weaponised in any escalation?
We do recognise and understand that the situation in India and Pakistan is deeply unsettling for over 3 million British nationals who stem from those two countries, with which we have deep relationships.
I have spoken to my Indian and Pakistani counterparts four times since this crisis began, and I stay in close touch with Secretary of State Rubio and my counterparts in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in particular—nations that have relationships with both countries.
We will do all we can, and we encourage both India and Pakistan to maintain their commitment to hard-won areas of diplomatic co-operation, such as the Indus waters treaty.
Following the terrorist attack on  22 April , India and Pakistan engaged in military activity, and India hit nine terrorist bases.
Now that there is a fragile peace, which is still being negotiated today, what efforts is the Foreign Secretary making to ensure that the terrorist bases are removed from Pakistan-occupied Kashmir?
Let me be clear that the horrendous terrorism we saw—26 nationals stripped and shot—was horrific, and we condemn it.
We will continue to work with close partners to deal with this terrorist threat.
The hon.
Gentleman is right: all of us have to lean in and ensure that we are supporting efforts on both sides to deal with horrendous terrorism.
That is what, in the end, will maintain an enduring peace.
The reality remains that the international community has failed  to act on the plight of the Kashmiris for over seven decades.
From the revocation of articles 370 and 35A, stripping Jammu and Kashmir of its special status, to the mass arrests and political repression in one of the  most militarised zones in the world, the attacks on Kashmiri human rights and civil liberties are intolerable.
If we are serious about human rights and long-term peace and stability in the region, the central issue of Kashmir cannot be ignored any longer and must  now get the attention it deserves.
Will the Secretary of State today reaffirm our unwavering commitment to the birthright to self-determination of the sons and daughters of Kashmir?
Let me once again condemn the terrorism we saw that began this crisis and remind the House that since 1947 there have been six conflicts and three wars between these two great countries.
The long-standing position of the UK is that it is for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, taking into account of course, as my hon.
Friend suggests, the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
My constituents in Woking, particularly those of Indian and Pakistani descent, welcome the ceasefire.
Will the Foreign Secretary urge both countries to accept that the solution to the Kashmir question is self-determination, not further violence?
As I have said, it is absolutely for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, and of course it must in the end take into account the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
But all of us have a responsibility to condemn terrorism wherever it occurs: 26 innocent people being stripped and shot is intolerable and of course we condemn it.