When returned to Maui from

Saipan for replacements, he was 1 of only 12 among 200 in his company

not killed or wounded.
Then Corporal Walker's first Reserve separation

from the Corps occurred in December 1945; his final Reserve separation

occurred in 1948.
Dorsey and his wife Habie have been married for 77

years.
Commendation Citations received from his Commanding General

illuminate Dorsey's valor:

``For excellent performance of duties in connection with

operations against the enemy on Saipan and Tinian, Marianas

Islands from 15 June to 1 August 1944.
Private First Class

Walker diligently performed every assigned duty.
His

willingness to give battle, and his indifference to the

hardships which he encountered throughout operation, evoked

the admiration of his officers and the men serving with him.
His unselfish devotion to the task at hand was a material

contribution to the early and complete victory over the

enemy.
His conduct throughout was in keeping with the highest

traditions of the United States Naval Service.''
``For excellent service in the line of duties as a Radio

Operator with a rifle company in combat with the enemy on Iwo

Jima, Volcano Islands, from 19 February to 16 March 1945.
Corporal Walker skillfully carried out his assigned duties

under the most hazardous combat conditions.
Frequently, on

reconnaissances with his company commander or at a forward

observation post, he unhesitantly exposed himself to enemy

mortar and small arms fire to carry out his duties

successfully, and by his extraordinary resourcefulness and

efficiency, he rendered invaluable aid to his company.
His

conduct throughout was in keeping with the highest traditions

of the United States Naval Service.''
It is my distinct honor to recognize Dorsey O'Neal Walker, a Texan,

an American, and a ``True Patriot,'' as one of the oldest living

survivors of the Battle of Iwo Jima.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ELLEN M. BROOKS WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to present Ellen M. Brooks of

Crockett, Texas,

with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
Her service to this nation

and community speaks to the best of Texas.
Ellen enlisted in the United States Air Force in 1994.
Recognizing

her innate leadership capabilities, the Air Force sent her to officer

training after only two and a half years as an enlisted Airman.
During

the five years she served as a commissioned officer, Ellen rose to the

rank of Captain.
Before leaving the U.S. Air Force in 1998, she served

as Commander of a communications unit in Alaska.
During her active

service she was recognized with the Air Force Commendation Medal w/1

device, the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award w/1 device, and the

National Defense Service Medal, together with a Good Conduct Medal, Air

Force Longevity Service Award, Air Force Overseas Long Tour Ribbon, and

Air Force Training Ribbon w/1 device.
Ellen has given much to her community.
In 2007 she joined the

Crockett Noon Lions Club and was instrumental in forming the Leo Club

where she served as Sponsor.
She established a new Evening Lions Club

and served as its first President.
She has spent countless hours

investing in the lives of the members and youth, teaching leadership,

character, and kindness.
She is a member of First United Methodist

Church.
Whether working to keep her community clean or distributing

food to the needy, Ellen can always be counted on.
In 2020, the

Crockett Area Chamber of Commerce recognized Ellen's service to the

community with its highest honor, Citizen of the Year.
Her leadership will have a long-lasting effect on young people for

years to come--and it is my honor to award Ellen M. Brooks of Crockett,

Texas, a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SERGEANT FIRST CLASS JERRY LEE LORTON, USA, RETIRED, WITH A

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.