Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Lieutenant Colonel Mark

Pitliangas of the United States Air Force for his extraordinary

dedication to duty and service to our Nation.
Lieutenant Colonel

Pitliangas recently transitioned from his assignment as a Deputy

Director of Congressional Affairs for United

States Transportation Command to fly the KC-46 Pegasus at Joint Base

McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey as Chief of Safety, 305th Air

Mobility Wing.
Lt Col Pitliangas is the first member of his family to serve in our

U.S. Air Force.
Mark attended the United States Air Force Academy and

was commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in 2008 before attending pilot

training.
From there, he went on to fly the mighty C-130 Hercules,

otherwise known as the ``Four Fans of Freedom'' and honorably served in

Iraq and Afghanistan as a combat pilot over 3 deployments.
Lt Col

Pitliangas has held numerous leadership positions in a variety of

units, highlighted by serving as the Director of Operations for the

386th Expeditionary Operations Support Squadron in Kuwait.
During that

time, he enabled 29,000 airlift and air refueling missions directly

supporting Operations INHERENT RESOLVE and FREEDOM'S SENTINEL flown

from our busiest airfield in United States Central Command.
In the winter of 2020, Mark was selected to serve as Deputy Director

Command.
As the primary liaison between Members of Congress,

congressional staff, committees, and USTRANSCOM, he provided valuable

insight and understanding of transportation policies, actions,

operations, and requirements.
His first-hand knowledge of the military,

its culture, and traditions has been a tremendous benefit to our

Congressional offices.
His dogged determination and exceptional

coordination enabled the USTRANSCOM Commander to accomplish over 40

office calls with Members and Staff in preparation for her annual

posture testimony.
Mr. Speaker, it has been a pleasure to work with Lieutenant Colonel

Pitliangas during his time representing the United States

Transportation Command on Capitol Hill.
On behalf of our grateful

Nation, it is my honor to recognize the selfless service and sacrifice

of Mark, his wife, Eleni, and their children, Stephanos, George, and

Nicholas.
I wish them the very best as they continue their journey in

our United States Air Force.
They have dedicated their lives to the

service of our great Nation.
Aim High . . .
Fly, Fight, and Win.