With SEAL Team Two, he deployed twice to

Baghdad, Iraq and twice to Ramadi, Iraq (including integrating 63

special operations personnel into a combat team completing 54 combat

operations).
In 2010 he took an instructor billet with Naval Special

Warfare Group 2--but following 9/11, was asked to volunteer to take his

SEAL Team Two Golf platoon to Afghanistan as Leading Chief Petty

Officer.
David remained with SEAL Team Two until retiring in 2014.
His

military honors include: 2 Bronze Star Medals with Valor, a Bronze Star

Medal, Joint Services Commendation Medal with Valor, Joint Services

Commendation Medal, four Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medals,

three Combat Action Ribbons, and a Meritorious Unit Commendation Medal.
In 2015 David joined FTW Ranch in Barksdale, Texas, a preeminent

marksmanship school training U.S. military and law enforcement groups,

and hunters.
A lead instructor, David uses his training to develop

tactical skills in law enforcement personnel, and better and safer

hunters.
He has served as a 4-H Shooting Sports Coach.
He shares

personal safety and situational awareness knowledge with his local

volunteer fire department and other organizations.
David spends many

hours sharing outdoors and hunting knowledge with young people and

making Veterans Day presentations in local schools.
It is my honor to award retired SEAL Senior Chief David A. Knesek,

``the best of the best,'' with a Congressional Veteran Commendation

from the 17th Congressional District of Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF OWENS COMMUNITY COLLEGE'S FINDLAY

CAMPUS

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 40th

anniversary of Owens Community College's Findlay Campus in Findlay,

Ohio.
Throughout the years, Owens has been a comprehensive community

college providing educational opportunities and training to the

residents of our communities.
The hard work and spirit shown by

generations of students and faculty have made Owens an outstanding

educational institution.
Originally, Owens Community College was founded in 1965 in Wood

County.
The college was name after Michael J. Owens, a Toledo-based

inventor of automated glass bottle-making technology.
In 1983 Owens

opened their Findlay Campus which occupies more than 60 acres.
With

their new campus, Owens was able to expand its coverage and continue to

provide education to students from all walks of life.
Currently,

Owens's service district includes Lucas, Wood, Hancock, and parts of

Ottawa counties.
Owens Community College offers more than 160 programs and

certificates to its students who are preparing for a career, retraining

for a new career, seeking professional development, or obtaining

credits to transfer to a 4-year college or university.
Their dedicated

faculty members bring industry knowledge, information, and ideas into

the classroom to provide students with a better understanding, how

studies will translate into careers.
Outside the classroom, students

can experience an enriching campus life through student activities,

clubs and organizations, athletics, and volunteer activities.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to Owens Community College and its students, faculty, and

administration on this remarkable occasion.
By celebrating the 40th

anniversary, community members and Ohio residents recognize Owens's

contribution to its students and the surrounding communities.
Congratulations to Owens Community College on this significant

milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL MARK

PITLIANGAS FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF

REPRESENTATIVES

HON.
MICHAEL WALTZ

Mr. WALTZ.
Mr. Speaker, today I recognize Lieutenant Colonel Mark

Pitliangas of the United States Air Force for his extraordinary

dedication to duty and service to our Nation.
Lieutenant Colonel

Pitliangas recently transitioned from his assignment as a Deputy

Director of Congressional Affairs for United

States Transportation Command to fly the KC-46 Pegasus at Joint Base

McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey as Chief of Safety, 305th Air

Mobility Wing.
Lt Col Pitliangas is the first member of his family to serve in our

U.S. Air Force.