I am proud to represent Southern Nevada, a place that has long been a

welcoming home to nearly 375,000 seniors.
They enrich our community

tremendously, and their value should not be diminished by undue

prejudice and discrimination.
Organizations such as Nevada Senior

Services provide essential services to individuals across Southern

Nevada as they age and ensure that aging is not viewed with fear or

hostility.
Nevada Senior Services not only operates the Adult Day Care

Centers of Las Vegas and Henderson, but also Caregiver Support

Programs, Respite and Personal Care, RAMP Home Modifications, Hospital

2 Home Assistance, and the Care Partner Institute.
I applaud and support the goals and ideals of Ageism Awareness Day

which sheds light on the plight of many individuals and brings the

Nation together to promote acceptance and appreciation of the gifts of

aging persons.
I thank all the family members, professionals, and

volunteers who assist aging individuals every day and help fight the

stigma of ageism.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ARKANSAS' LONGEST MARRIED COUPLE

HON.
BRUCE WESTERMAN

Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, many people are familiar with the passage

of scripture found in First Corinthians Chapter 13, verse 4, ``Love is

patient, love is kind.
It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not

proud.''
However, fewer may remember verse 5 which states that love

``always protects, always trust, always hopes, always perseveres.''
When the apostle Paul was inspired to write these words so many years

ago, I believe he had persevering and loving couples like Cleovis and

Arwilda Whiteside in mind.
Since 2019, the Whitesides have been

recognized as Arkansas' ``Longest Married Couple.''
This Sunday,

September 24, 2023, in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, they are being recognized

for their 84th year of marriage.
On what I am sure was a hot and humid Monday, July 24, 1939, 17-year-

old Cleovis and 13-year-old Arwilda made a lifetime commitment to God

and each other that has endured the test of time.
The next year, Mrs.

Whiteside delivered the first of their 12 children.
In an interview

last year, Mr. Whiteside, who was 100 at the time, stated, ``We've been

together all this long time and I still love my wife.
She still loves

me, and we still get along just as good.''
Mrs. Whiteside added, ``I

ran to him since I was nine years old and I've run first to God, then

him ever since.''
We find within these 2 statements the foundation of a

strong, Christ-centered marriage that inspires me and countless people,

in Pine Bluff, Jefferson County, and the entire state of Arkansas.
At the end of the 13th chapter of Corinthians, Paul tells us that

when all is complete, 3 things remain: ``faith, hope, and love.
But the

greatest of these is love.''
I offer my most sincere congratulations to

Mr. Cleovis and Mrs. Arwilda Whiteside on their 84 years of marriage.
I

thank them for exemplifying the greatest gift of persevering love.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BRIAN LEE CREWS WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to present Brian Lee Crews of

Lufkin, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His service

to his Nation and community speaks to the best of Texas.
A Lufkin native, Brian enlisted in the Marine Corps delayed entry

program in 1980 when only a high school junior, drilling monthly with a

Marine Reserve Unit in Shreveport, Louisiana throughout his last two

years in high school.
In 1981, Brian reported for ``boot camp'' at

Marine Corps Recruit Depot, San Diego, California; he then underwent

infantry training at Camp Pendleton, California.
He served as a First

Platoon Radio Operator, then transferred to Marine Reserve Unit Fox

Company, 2D Battalion, 23D Marine Regiment, Salt Lake City, Utah as the

Commanding Officers Radio Operator.