This past year,

CTA's Board of Directors selected Devon to be the association's newest

president.
In this role, Devon oversees a vital component of

California's economy and our nation's supply chain.
Truckers transport

highly demanded goods from ports and suppliers to our store shelves and

homes.
In the United States, truck drivers move about 71 percent of the

economy's products throughout the country.
As president, she

continually displays incredible leadership in the California motor

carrier industry and advocates at the local, state, and federal levels

to ensure sound transportation policy for her membership.
As the 68th president of the CTA, she is only the third woman to hold

the position.
In her over 3 decades of involvement in the industry,

President Ades has seen enormous progress in her industry.
As she leads

the organization, I know she will continue to grow CTA's membership and

successfully guide CTA's ``transition to the future.''
to join me in thanking President Devon Ades for her commitment to the

California Trucking Association.
Her tireless service will have a

lasting impact on the Central Valley and the Nation for generations to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT OF

2023

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Northern Mariana

Islands Entrepreneurship Act of 2023, which would extend eligibility

for the Small Business Administration's microloan program to the

Marianas.
My bill ensures that small businesses in our islands are

treated equitably and have access to the same assistance available in

other parts of our Nation.
The opportunity for people to find and grow small businesses is the

pathway to achieving the American dream.
The SBA's microloan program

was created to help everyday Americans do just that--with loans of up

to $50,000, small business owners can jumpstart their dreams by

investing the micro loan towards inventory, supplies, machinery,

equipment, and more.
And when our small businesses thrive, we all stand

to benefit.
According to a 2019 report from the SBA, small businesses

create two-thirds of net new jobs and drive U.S. innovation and

competitiveness.
Yet this opportunity is not available to all Americans.
My home, the

Marianas, is the only jurisdiction in the Nation that is ineligible for

the microloan program.
My bill ends this inequity and provides a path to entrepreneurship

for all small business owners, no matter where they choose to live in

the U.S.

I thank my colleague, Ms. Radewagen, who joined me in introducing

this important bipartisan legislation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AGEISM AWARENESS DAY

HON.
DINA TITUS

Ms. TITUS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Saturday, October

7th, as Ageism Awareness Day.
Ageism Awareness Day provides us all with

an opportunity to recognize the existence and impact of ageism in our

country.
We are fortunate to live in a time in which medicine and technology

can allow individuals to live long and full lives.
As society begins to

grow older, however, too many individuals experience ageism, or

stereotypes, prejudice, and discrimination based on age.
Ageism is the most widespread and socially accepted form of

prejudice.
It can be found throughout society, from our workplaces to

our health systems to stereotypes broadcast in the media.
Not only is

ageism harmful in and of itself, but it also exacerbates many of the

other ``isms'', including racism, sexism, and ableism, which compound

and worsen mental and physical health outcomes for affected

individuals.
I am proud to represent Southern Nevada, a place that has long been a

welcoming home to nearly 375,000 seniors.
They enrich our community

tremendously, and their value should not be diminished by undue

prejudice and discrimination.
Organizations such as Nevada Senior

Services provide essential services to individuals across Southern

Nevada as they age and ensure that aging is not viewed with fear or

hostility.