Title: HONORING AMERICAN BUSINESS WOMEN'S DAY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
153

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AMERICAN BUSINESS WOMEN'S DAY

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the work of the

Women Inspiring Women Leaders chapter of the American Business Women's

Association (ABWA) in Fredericksburg, Virginia.
ABWA's Women Inspiring Women Leaders Chapter held its first meeting

on May 22, 2019.
Since then, the organization has provided

opportunities for local business leaders to network, empower one

another, and focus on growing Virginia's economy.
Entrepreneurship is a defining characteristic of the American spirit.
That's why I am proud to join them and their sister chapters in

celebrating American Business Women's Day.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the

Fredericksburg Women Inspiring Women Leaders Chapter for their

commitment to service, innovation, and empowering women in the business

community.
It is an honor to celebrate American Business Women's Day

alongside them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BICOL ASSOCIATION OF GREATER JACKSONVILLE'S 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my warmest

congratulations to each and every member of the Bicol Association of

Greater Jacksonville on this momentous occasion of their 40th

anniversary.
This milestone is a testament to the unwavering

commitment, unity, and tireless dedication of the association in

fostering camaraderie and enriching the cultural fabric of our

community.
Founded 4 decades ago, the Bicol Association of Greater Jacksonville

has demonstrated an exemplary devotion to preserving and promoting the

rich cultural heritage of the Bicol region.
Their collective efforts in organizing cultural festivals,

educational workshops, and charitable endeavors have left an indelible

mark on the Jacksonville community.
The cultural exchange and mutual

understanding facilitated by their association have created bridges of

friendship and cooperation that transcend borders and enrich the lives

of all who call this great city home.
As a representative of Florida's 4th Congressional District, I am

inspired by the dedication and passion exhibited by the members of the

Bicol Association of Greater Jacksonville.
Their tireless work in

preserving their heritage while actively contributing to the progress

and prosperity of our community serves as a shining example for us all.
I encourage all citizens to join me in celebrating 40 years of

invaluable contributions of the Bicol Association of Greater

Jacksonville to the cultural tapestry of our city.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRESIDENT DEVON ADES

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Devon Ades for her

leadership as President of the California Trucking Association and

thank her for more than 30 years of dedication to California's trucking

industry.
President Ades was first introduced to the trucking industry as a

child by her father, Denny Wyatt, who served as the President of the

California Trucking Association (CTA) in 2010.
It was during her

upbringing in the industry that President Ades realized her passion for

trucking and the skill, hard work, and dedication required to succeed

in the industry.
President Ades began her career, much like her

father's, at Apex Logistics, LLC, before moving to Inland Kenworth, a

truck dealership where she spent time working in the company's sales,

finance, and insurance departments.
In 2005, she returned to Apex

Logistics, where her knowledge of the industry and skillful abilities

led her to become the company's Vice President in 2022.
As Vice President, Devon has consistently demonstrated an in-depth

understanding of the challenges facing the industry.
This past year,

CTA's Board of Directors selected Devon to be the association's newest

president.
In this role, Devon oversees a vital component of

California's economy and our nation's supply chain.
Truckers transport

highly demanded goods from ports and suppliers to our store shelves and

homes.