A Lufkin native, Brian enlisted in the Marine Corps delayed entry

program in 1980 when only a high school junior, drilling monthly with a

Marine Reserve Unit in Shreveport, Louisiana throughout his last two

years in high school.
In 1981, Brian reported for ``boot camp'' at

Marine Corps Recruit Depot, San Diego, California; he then underwent

infantry training at Camp Pendleton, California.
He served as a First

Platoon Radio Operator, then transferred to Marine Reserve Unit Fox

Company, 2D Battalion, 23D Marine Regiment, Salt Lake City, Utah as the

Commanding Officers Radio Operator.
Transferred to the 4th Tank TOW

Co., LT 4th MARDIV in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, Brian served as a squad

leader, section leader, and TOW Trainer.
While in the TOW Unit, he was

chosen to lead the detail charged with performing funerals/honors for

Marines killed in the Beirut barracks bombing.
Brian served with the

Toys for Tots campaign at all duty stations.
He attained the rank of

Sergeant, receiving his honorable discharge in 1991.
He earned the

Organized Marine Corps Reserve Medal, Rifle Expert (3), and Pistol

Expert (3).
A Lufkin ISD ``Teacher of the Year,'' Brian has taught Graphic

Design/Printing Technologies at Lufkin High School for more than 30

years.
The founding member of the Lufkin Detachment of the Marine Corps

League, chartered in 2010, he was instrumental in starting the local

Toys for Tots campaign in 2011 and serves as the Campaign Coordinator.
He founded the Military Association Resources Disaster Emergency Team

in 2017 during Hurricane Harvey, using surplus military vehicles and

equipment to provide search, rescue, and recovery during national

disasters.
Brian founded and produced the Angelina County AirFest, a

local aviation event with proceeds benefitting the local Toys for Tots.
He is a Paul Harris Fellow of the Rotary Club, and a LOVE INC.
Volunteer of the Year recipient.
It is my honor to award Brian L. Crews with a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONSERVATION BEYOND BORDERS

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of

Conservation Beyond Borders and support their mission to combat illegal

poaching.
Their work helps to also combat other illicit activities

including the trafficking of humans, arms, and narcotics across the

globe.
I am proud that this important organization is led by an outstanding

Minnesotan, Dr. Nicole Benjamin-Fink.
I'm especially grateful for

the approach Conservation Beyond Borders and Dr. Benjamin-Fink take to

incorporate rural communities that live alongside wildlife into their

work.
I commend Conservation Beyond Borders for their tireless work and

advocacy to ensure wildlife across the world have the opportunity to

flourish.
I look forward to continuing to work with Conservation Beyond

Borders and Dr. Nicole Benjamin-Fink.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DORSEY O'NEAL WALKER, ONE OF THE OLDEST LIVING SURVIVORS OF

THE BATTLE OF IWO JIMA

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dorsey O'Neal

Walker, a Texan who valiantly served our Nation during some of the

darkest hours of WWII.
Dorsey grew up in Ora, a small Angelina County community, graduating

in 1942 from Huntington High School.
Drafted during WWII,

he joined the U.S. Marine Corps in 1944.
Assigned to the Fourth Marine

Division in Maui, Hawaii, as Company Clerk because he could type,

Dorsey would soon deploy with the Fourth Marines in 3 major Pacific war

battles: Saipan, Tinian, and Iwo Jima.
When returned to Maui from

Saipan for replacements, he was 1 of only 12 among 200 in his company

not killed or wounded.
Then Corporal Walker's first Reserve separation

from the Corps occurred in December 1945; his final Reserve separation

occurred in 1948.
Dorsey and his wife Habie have been married for 77

years.