Many artists launched their careers at the Pony, including New Jersey

rock band The Smithereens, who credit The Stone Pony for their start.
One of the venue's first house bands, Southside Johnny and the Asbury

Jukes, helped buoy the venue's following and still play there today.
The venue is a mainstay of Asbury Park, and its history is woven into

that of the city.
The Stone Pony's commitment to promoting local and

national musical acts has contributed to the thriving cultural

landscape of the city.
In addition, it has supported local charities

and philanthropic efforts throughout its history, hosting benefit

concerts for hunger initiatives, local youth programs, Parkinson's

disease research, and music education, among others.
Mr. Speaker, once again, it is with pride that I recognize the

remarkable history and contributions of The Stone Pony and congratulate

it on its 50th anniversary.
The Stone Pony continues to bring local

talent and renowned musical acts to residents and visitors, drawing

crowds from across New Jersey and beyond.
Its impact on the community

and the music scene is undeniable, and its legacy has echoed throughout

New Jersey and the country for five decades.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RESOLUTION CALLING FOR RELEASE OF DR.
GUBAD IBADOGHLU

HON.
DAVID ROUZER

Mr. ROUZER.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have introduced a bipartisan

resolution to highlight the plight of Dr. Gubad Ibadoghlu, a respected

academic and economist who taught and conducted research at several top

universities in America, including Duke University and UNC Chapel Hill

in my home state of North Carolina.
While on a trip to Azerbaijan to visit his sick mother back in July

of 2023, he and his wife were brutally assaulted by Azerbaijani

authorities, and he was arrested on politically motivated, baseless

charges.
To this day, he continues to be detained and cruelly denied

access to regular legal counsel and critical medications.
This abuse is

wrong and life-threatening.
What Dr. Ibadoghlu is currently experiencing is a sobering reminder

rights with a history of jailing individuals on baseless charges.
With

this resolution, we join the State Department and many members of

international civil society in calling for his unconditional release.