As a dedicated member of the real estate

community, he generously shared his time and expertise, serving in

various capacities including President of the Arkansas REALTORS

Association and as an ARPAC Trustee.
His advocacy and leadership were

instrumental in advancing the interests of his colleagues and

advocating for policies that promoted economic growth and prosperity.
Cliffs impact extended far beyond the boardroom, as he actively

engaged in civic leadership and community service.
Whether through his

involvement with organizations such as the Russellville Jaycees, Lions

Club, or Chamber of Commerce, Cliff demonstrated an unwavering

commitment to improving the lives of those around him.
His passion for

civic engagement and grassroots activism inspired others to follow in

his footsteps, leaving an enduring legacy of service and leadership.
As we reflect on Cliff's remarkable life, let us draw inspiration

from his boundless generosity, unwavering integrity, and steadfast

devotion to his family and community.
Though he may no longer walk

among us, his spirit will continue to guide and inspire us in the days

ahead.
May Sara Lou, Gaye, Julie, and the entire Goodin family, find comfort

in the cherished memories they shared with Cliff and solace in the

knowledge that his legacy will endure as a beacon of hope and

inspiration for generations to come.
Let us honor Cliff's memory by

rededicating ourselves to the principles of service, compassion, and

unity that he held dear.
May his legacy continue to shine brightly,

illuminating the path forward for the community and beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF GILDA RAMIREZ

HON.
SYLVIA R. GARCIA

Ms. GARCIA of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of

Magnolia Park's own Gilda Ramirez.
Gilda was born on February 12, 1963, in the shadow of Port Houston, a

place that would come to define her life, and where some of her fondest

memories were born, like hunting for Easter eggs in Mason Park.
She knew at a young age that the door of opportunity to the halls of

power had been cracked open for her generation, but it was up to her to

open that door all the way and hold it open for the community.
Gilda, ever-curious, took what she learned at Stephen F. Austin High

School and Houston International University and embarked on a history-

making career as an executive at Houston's Metropolitan Transit

Authority and the Port of Houston, a place she loved dearly.
She was

amazed at all the different things that came through the Port and all

the jobs and families it helped.
She said she could never live far away from Magnolia Park.
She kept

coming back.
She found joy in connecting people, fostering friendships,

and serving the community that had given her so much.
Through it all, Gilda never forgot those who would follow.
She stayed

committed to mentoring future professionals and supporting and

empowering small, minority and women-owned businesses, and keeping that

door open.
Mr. Speaker, Gilda swung the door wide open, and she held it there

through her final days.
Because of her work, Latina women have a seat

at the table, our future leaders have a seat at the table, our

community has a seat at the table.
Gilda won countless honors, from ``Hispanic Executive of the Year''

by the Houston Hispanic Chamber of Commerce to ``The One Woman Soaring

Heights Award'' by the Texas Business Alliance, but it is especially

sweet to honor the life of my friend in the Congress of the United

States.
Our prayers are with her husband, Richard Arevalo, her sister,

Rebecca Pena, and her lovely and sharp girls, Coco and Lola.
May God bless Gilda.
I thank her for everything she did for us while

she was with us here.
May she please keep watch over us as we continue

the fight for greater inclusion and shared properity for all.