May God bless Gilda.
I thank her for everything she did for us while

she was with us here.
May she please keep watch over us as we continue

the fight for greater inclusion and shared properity for all.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life and

legacy of Gilda Ramirez.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NATIONAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP WEEK

HON.
GLENN IVEY

Mr. IVEY.
Mr. Speaker, as we recognize National Entrepreneurship Week

and Black History Month, I rise today to highlight the accomplishments

and challenges of America's Black-owned small businesses.
Black business ownership is growing at the fastest pace in 30 years

with the share of Black households owning a business doubling between

2019 and 2022.
However, Black-owned small businesses still face

distinct challenges, particularly as it relates to accessing capital,

securing contracts, and navigating systemic biases within financial

institutions and markets.
Limited access to funding restricts the

ability to scale and compete on an equal footing with their

counterparts, hindering their potential for long-term success and

growth.
Due to limited credit access, higher shares of Black employer

businesses are forced to turn to alternative forms of financing.
According to the Alliance for Entrepreneurial Equity, 49 percent of

firms who pursue financing at an online lender do so because they were

denied by other financial institutions.
One of my constituents who has faced these types of challenges is

Tiffany Kelly, the owner and founder of House of Ketubah Bridal in

Mount Rainier, Maryland.
Tiffany told me that her business has been

overlooked and excluded from financing opportunities.
But she hasn't

abandoned hope.
Tiffany and her team continue to explore alternative

avenues and innovative solutions to ensure that they can continue to

serve their customers and the community.
I urge my colleagues to work together to solve the access to capital

challenges faced by small businesses and to consider the unique needs

of minority-owned businesses during Black History Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DUDLEY DAVENPORT

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dudley

Davenport and on the dedication of the gymnasium at Sharon High School

in his honor.
Born on December 14, 1937, Dudley Davenport was raised in Westport,

Massachusetts, where he found a passion for sports, specifically

basketball, at a young age.
During Dudley's time at Westport High

School, he was a four-year starter on the basketball team and set an

all-time scoring record with 1,529 points throughout his high school

career.
This record held for 50 years and earned Dudley a place in the

Westport High School Athletic Hall of Fame.
It was also in Westport

where Dudley first met the love of his life, Shirley.
They

began dating Dudley's sophomore year and were married in 1957.
Together, Dudley and Shirley raised four children--David, Diane, Tracy,

and Jay.
Dudley went on to receive an athletic scholarship to play basketball

at the University of Rhode Island and served as team captain.
After

graduating in 1960, Dudley taught at Roosevelt Junior High School in

New Bedford for one year, before accepting a position to teach at

Sharon High School.
For 35 years, Dudley taught science at Sharon High

School and quickly established himself as a pillar of the local

community.
In 1961, during his first year of teaching in Sharon, Dudley

also began coaching the boys' varsity basketball team and continued to

do so until 1983.
Throughout his two decades as a coach, the team won

five Hockomock League Championships and a total of 328 games.
The team

also qualified for the state tournament 18 times and played in 10 semi-

finals and four state finals.