Title: CELEBRATING THE CITY OF MENASHA'S 150TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
31

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CITY OF MENASHA'S 150TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
GLENN GROTHMAN

Mr. GROTHMAN.
Mr. Speaker, the first European settlers arrived in

present day Menasha in 1835.
In 1848, Governor James Doty and Curtis

Reed formed the Town of Menasha, naming it after the Winnebago word for

``thorn'' or ``island'' and otherwise known in the Menominee language

as ``little island''.
In 1849, the navigational channel of the Fox-

Wisconsin waterway was placed through the north channel in Menasha,

leading to the construction of the Manitowoc and Mississippi Railroad

in 1854.
The creation of this railroad led to major water and rail

transportation routes passing directly through the city.
Menasha was

officially incorporated as a city in 1874, and was considered to be a

transportation hub.
One of the earliest successes of the newly established city was the

Menasha Wooden Ware Company which produced wooden tubs and barrels, and

eventually made its way to become the world's largest wooden ware

products manufacturer.
Evolving into the corrugated packaging business,

the company changed its name to Menasha Corporation.
By the early 1900's, Menasha earned the moniker ``Industrial City,''

hosting renowned companies such as Menasha Corporation, the George A.

Whiting Paper Company Mill, the John Strange Paper Mill, Island Paper

Company, the Gilbert Paper Company, and the George Banta Publishing

Company.
These enterprises reflected a community characterized by

ingenuity and the collaborative spirit of its residents, contributing

to the city's success through hard work and dedication.
This year, as a Representative of the great state of Wisconsin, I am

proud to join in commemorating the city of Menasha in the

Sesquicentennial Anniversary of its founding.
The celebration on the

beautiful Menasha waterfront showcases various events honoring the

city's history, culture, character, and quality of life.
The

celebration aims to engage local residents along with visitors from

other communities with associated observance activities in recognizing

the city's notable historical achievements along with their ongoing

tenacity projecting a future vision of Menasha as Your Place on the

Water.
I would like to extend my gratitude and congratulations to the people

of Menasha and wish the city 150 more years of prosperity and success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
JASPER LEWIS

HON.
GREGORY F. MURPHY

Mr. MURPHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Jasper L. Lewis of

Greenville for his remarkable contributions to dentistry and his

community, state, and Nation.
Dr. Lewis graduated from Wake Forest

University and received his doctorate in dental surgery from the

University of North Carolina.
From the beginning of his professional

career, Dr. Lewis was committed to using his talents and expertise for

the betterment of others.
After receiving his degrees, Dr. Lewis

decided to join the Air Force as a dental officer.
Dr. Lewis returned home to Greenville and founded his own practice,

Eastern Orthodontics & Pediatrics.
He has earned the reputation of an

esteemed leader in his field, serving as President of the American

Academy of Pediatric Dentistry and Vice President of the North Carolina

Dental Society.
He is also credited as a significant contributor to the

founding of the Eastern Carolina University School of Dental Medicine

and has a professorship named in his honor.
Dr. Lewis has a big heart for the children of Eastern North Carolina

affected by oral healthcare disparities.
He helped bring the American

Dental Association's ``Give Kids a Smile'', a nationwide program

providing free dental services to uninsured children, to Eastern North

Carolina.
As all can see, Dr. Lewis's charity and influence touched

many lives.
Dr. Lewis was recently recognized by the Greenville-Pitt

County Chamber of Commerce and became one of only ten recipients to

receive the Legends Award.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in extending this chamber's recognition

of this remarkable servant leader.