As all can see, Dr. Lewis's charity and influence touched

many lives.
Dr. Lewis was recently recognized by the Greenville-Pitt

County Chamber of Commerce and became one of only ten recipients to

receive the Legends Award.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in extending this chamber's recognition

of this remarkable servant leader.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WASHINGTON ASSOCIATION OF NEW

JERSEY

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 150th anniversary

of the Washington Association of New Jersey based in New Jersey's

Eleventh Congressional District, and their longstanding commitment to

preserving our nation's early history.
During the harshest winter of the Revolutionary War from 1779 to

1780, Jacob Ford Jr.'s mansion in Morristown, New Jersey served as the

military headquarters for George Washington as the Continental Army

encamped nearby.
Recognizing the importance of this site, the

Washington Association of New Jersey was founded on March 30, 1874 with

the goal of preserving and maintaining the Ford Mansion.
In 1933, the Washington Association was instrumental in advocating

for the establishment of our country's first National Historical Park,

as they shared the important history of the Ford Mansion, Jockey

Hollow, and Fort Nonsense with the 65th Congress.
I am grateful to the

Washington Association for its dedication to preserving this important

history for both the State of New Jersey and the United States.
Today, visitors can appreciate the beauty and historical importance

of Washington's Headquarters and the Morristown Historical Park thanks

to the efforts and foresight of the Washington Association of New

Jersey.
New Jersey is the Crossroads of the American Revolution and I

especially look forward to welcoming people from all over America and

the world to these sites in 2026 as we celebrate the 250th anniversary

of our nation.
For the past 150 years, the Washington Association has shared New

Jersey's Revolutionary War history with all of us and that is why I am

honored to recognize them on this important anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF CLIFF GOODIN

HON.
BRUCE WESTERMAN

Mr. WESTERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to extend

my deepest condolences on the passing of Cliff Goodin, a pillar of the

community whose legacy will forever resonate throughout Russellville

and the Fourth Congressional District of Arkansas.
Cliff's journey, rooted in the humble beginnings of Bald Knob,

Arkansas, was marked by unwavering dedication and an unyielding

commitment to service others.
From his early days as a beloved son of

Duval Grant Goodin and Minnie Collison Goodin, to his steadfast

companionship with his college sweetheart Sara Lou Snow, Cliff

exemplified the virtues of love, loyalty, and resilience.
Their

enduring bond, spanning 59 years, stands as a testament to the enduring

power of partnership and family.
As a visionary entrepreneur and respected leader, Cliff left an

indelible mark on the community through his pioneering efforts in the

real estate industry.
From his tenure at Vernon Howard Realty to the

founding of Cliff Goodin & Associates, Realtors, Cliff's innovative

spirit and tireless work ethic propelled the development of countless

commercial and residential projects, shaping the landscape of the River

Valley for generations to come.
Beyond his professional achievements, Cliffs legacy is defined by his

selfless service to others.
As a dedicated member of the real estate

community, he generously shared his time and expertise, serving in

various capacities including President of the Arkansas REALTORS

Association and as an ARPAC Trustee.
His advocacy and leadership were

instrumental in advancing the interests of his colleagues and

advocating for policies that promoted economic growth and prosperity.
Cliffs impact extended far beyond the boardroom, as he actively

engaged in civic leadership and community service.