In 1961, during his first year of teaching in Sharon, Dudley

also began coaching the boys' varsity basketball team and continued to

do so until 1983.
Throughout his two decades as a coach, the team won

five Hockomock League Championships and a total of 328 games.
The team

also qualified for the state tournament 18 times and played in 10 semi-

finals and four state finals.
With a coaching record of 328-114, Dudley

was inducted into the Sharon High School Athletic Hall of Fame as well

as the Massachusetts Basketball Coaches' Hall of Fame and was a

recipient of the MIAA Sherman A. Kinney Award for outstanding

contributions to Massachusetts high school basketball.
In addition to

his work as a teacher and a coach, Dudley also took on the role of

athletic director at Sharon High School in 1969 and held this position

for nearly three decades.
In 2010, to celebrate Dudley's impact on the

Hockomock League and athletics across the region, the league named a

division after him--the Davenport Division.
Dudley's contributions to the Sharon community were not limited only

to the classroom or basketball court.
For over 40 years, Dudley served

as a board member on the Sharon Credit Union as well as the Chairman

for nearly two decades.
Under his leadership, the credit union grew and

transformed into the important resource that it is today.
As an

educator for over 35 years, Dudley understood the importance of access

to education and played a critical role in establishing the Sharon

Credit Union Scholarship Program, which awards scholarships to

graduating seniors who excelled in academics, extracurriculars, and

community service.
Sadly, we lost Dudley too soon on May 15, 2019, at the age of 81.
Dudley leaves behind a remarkable legacy as a loving father and devoted

educator, coach, and mentor to students and colleagues alike.
Although

Dudley had a significant record as both a coach and player, what people

remember most is the positive impact that Dudley had on those around

him.
On February 16, 2024, the Sharon community will gather together to

dedicate the gymnasium at Sharon High School in memory of Dudley

Davenport.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Dudley Davenport, my friend who

positively impacted the lives of so many who were privileged to know

him, and I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating his lifelong

commitment to mentoring and supporting those in his community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STONE PONY

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to

congratulate The Stone Pony on its 50th anniversary as its staff,

patrons, and the community gather to celebrate ``Stone Pony Day'' as

proclaimed by the City of Asbury Park.
The Stone Pony is a landmark

music venue in Asbury Park, New Jersey and this milestone and its

historical significance are truly deserving of this body's recognition.
Opened on February 8, 1974 by John P. ``Jack'' Roig and Robert

``Butch'' Pielka, The Stone Pony has become synonymous with Asbury

Park.
Its storied past has seen triumphs and tribulations, but

throughout its 50 years, The Stone Pony's connection to rock and roll

history has cemented its status and success as preeminent music venue.
Its stage has been graced by a venerable list of talent, including New

Jersey native Bruce Springsteen, Ronnie Spector, the Ramones, Joan

Jett, Peter Frampton, Green Day, Kenny Chesney, and The Black Crowes.
Many artists launched their careers at the Pony, including New Jersey

rock band The Smithereens, who credit The Stone Pony for their start.
One of the venue's first house bands, Southside Johnny and the Asbury

Jukes, helped buoy the venue's following and still play there today.
The venue is a mainstay of Asbury Park, and its history is woven into

that of the city.