Floating offshore wind and all these exciting generation technologies are wonderful, but all of them will come to nought unless we can increase the speed and capacity of the grid connections to get the electricity onshore and to the users who need it.
What is the Minister doing to sort out the national grid and to speed up the way in which grid connections are made, because, without this, we will go nowhere?
My hon.
Friend puts it so well.
It is so true: whatever the generation, if we cannot get the electrons where they need to go, we are frustrated.
That is why we are determined to speed up the connections.
That is why, from the Pick report on offshore wind to the Nick Winser review, this Government, led by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) —this is the first time that this country has had a networks Minister—are absolutely focused, in a laser-like way, on making sure that we speed up and get the delivery of the infrastructure that we need to deliver the green transition.
What steps his Department has taken to ensure local community engagement in onshore wind proposals.
The Government want communities to participate in and benefit from onshore wind proposed in their local area.
On  11 May , the Government issued a consultation for onshore wind partnerships in England, proposing improvements to the current system of community engagement and benefits.
Some energy firms give discounts to those who live near onshore wind farms when the wind blows.
Unfortunately, though, that is not the case everywhere.
Will the Minister look again at this policy nationally so that my constituents, such as those who live in Ulley near Penny Hill wind farm, and even myself—I live in Harthill near Loscar wind farm—will see the benefits of clean, green wind power reflected in their energy bills?
The consultation on onshore wind partnerships proposed that the Government work with RenewableUK to update the industry-wide community benefits protocol for onshore wind in England.
An updated protocol would seek to encourage more innovative approaches, for example through developers supporting local energy bill discounts.
The consultation closes on  7 July .
I am not sure there is much point in community engagement when there is no onshore wind.
We do not have any onshore wind.
Last week, we heard the Climate Change Committee’s devastating report on this country’s commitment to net zero.
When will this Government unlock the barriers to onshore wind?
I completely refute the suggestion that we have no onshore wind.
Onshore wind contributes 14 GW of power to the UK’s national grid as we speak, and of course we support the deployment of onshore wind with communities.
We come now to the shadow Minister.