The Minister will know that this country has been producing small nuclear reactors for our submarines for more than 50 years.
Does the Minister understand that while he is dithering around with his time-wasting international competition, those international competitors are out there in the market getting the orders and selling, backed to the hilt by their own Governments?
Is this going to be yet another great British development created by our scientists, engineers and skilled trades, but allowed to slip away by blinkered civil servants and weak Ministers who cannot make a decision?
Rolls-Royce is a great British company, which is why we previously made up to £210 million available from the advanced nuclear fund to Rolls-Royce SMR Ltd to support the development of its small modular reactor design.
Great British Nuclear will launch the first-stage selection process for small modular reactors,  which is expected to attract the best designs from domestic and international vendors, which will be great for this country.
By the way, we are going three times faster than any comparable country on this project.
What plans he has to support households with energy costs in winter 2023-24.
The Government are committed to cheap energy for all.
Last winter, we covered half a typical energy bill through the combined support of the energy price guarantee and the energy bill support scheme since October, with a typical household saving around £1,500 by the end of June.
There is a huge gulf between the reality and the practice of the Government.
The Public Accounts Committee has warned this Tory Government about their lack of planning on support for consumers with the cost of energy this winter.
Lack of preparedness seems a serious ailment within this Government.
Given that Sense research has found that more than 30% of disabled people are cutting back on their use of medical equipment, when will we get a proper plan from this Government, instead of the profiteering off the backs of the most vulnerable, as we see from so many energy companies?
We are of course making plans, and I do not accept that we are not planning.
We are also talking to stakeholders and ensuring that we are giving the best support we can to all those who will be vulnerable in winter 2023-24.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Next week will mark the 500-day anniversary since Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine and began trying to blackmail the world on energy.
As ever, Britain stood strong in the face of tyranny, and I am pleased to report that from Saturday just past, energy bills are falling by an average of 17% for households.
We are committed to powering Britain from Britain, despite some alarming energy surrender plans coming from the Opposition.
The Climate Change Committee’s report published last week found that of the policies and consultations that are the responsibility of the Secretary of State’s Department, no less than 33 are overdue.
He cannot blame anyone else.
Will he now own up to the Government’s appalling failure?
The actual data argues the opposite way.
We have met all our carbon budgets to date.
The Climate Change Committee last week said that the chances of reaching carbon budget 4 are “slightly increased”.
We are confident of meeting it, and we have   set out our plans for carbon budgets 5 and 6.
I have to say that given that this country has the best record in the world among developed nations for getting carbon under control, it is surprising to hear the Opposition’s view.
Our domestic nuclear sector and our military are struggling to recruit and retain enough nuclear engineers.
What discussions is the Minister having with the sector and the Department for Education to create a long-term workforce plan to solve the issue?
Since day one, the skills challenges that we face have been a top priority for me, which is why my Department is working closely with the Ministry of Defence, the DFE and the sector to tackle them.
With the employer-led Nuclear Skills Strategy Group, we have deployed a joint plan of skills actions to support the civil and defence programmes, but I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.