The Secretary of State has signalled that his party will finally drop the nonsensical proposed hydrogen levy—another welcome Government U-turn.
Will he confirm that it is, in fact, a U-turn?
Will he outline exactly how the much-needed investment in green hydrogen technology will be paid for without already struggling households being made to foot the bill?
[R]
The whole House will welcome the hydrogen economy as an important way to store power.
It is becoming increasingly apparent that that power is most likely to be used in heavy industry as well as heavy transport.
This Government are committed to hydrogen power, but we are also keen to ensure that it does not impact on people’s energy bills, just as those bills are starting to fall thanks to the support that we provided families with this past winter.
The contracts for difference auctions have been very successful in kickstarting the British success story that is offshore wind.
However, the mechanism now needs adaptation to maximise job creation in places such as Lowestoft and to ensure that we adopt a strategic approach to the provision of enabling infrastructure such as ports and the grid.
I would welcome an update from my right hon.
Friend on the Government’s work on this important issue.
I could only just hear my hon.
Friend’s question, as the shadow Secretary of State made it quite hard to hear.
The Government recently completed a call for evidence on this very subject, looking at the introduction of non-price factors in the contracts for difference scheme so that it values things other than just cost deployment.
My hon.
Friend, like all Members on the Government Front Bench, wants the maximum number of jobs created and retained in this country.
Lord Deben has urged the Government to “find the courage to place climate change once again at the heart of its leadership.”
Does the Minister share concerns that the Prime Minister and, therefore, this Government are just too weak to stand up to their Back Benchers and really grasp the opportunity and necessity?
It was this Prime Minister who created the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, and it is this Government who have delivered more than 43% renewable electricity on to the grid.
We will take no lectures from the Labour party on combating climate change.
Will my hon.
Friend please outline what his Department is doing to look at the import of green hydrogen feedstock into the UK, to increase the scale and speed of the UK industry and help us achieve our 10 GW capacity by 2020?
I am aware of proposals on the shipping and possible piping of hydrogen and the important part that must play.
If we are to decarbonise all of British industry, we will need shipping as well as piping.
I will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss what further we can do.
I very much welcome the recent progress on developing carbon capture, usage and storage on Teesside.
I hope we will see the final confirmation that it will happen and the work will start.
That said, local industrialists and investors are concerned that the Department is not now asking BP to build the CO2 collection pipework as originally planned, meaning that it will not go to CF Fertilisers or Kellas or pass by the Alfanar site.
Could the Minister provide an update, please?
We are moving at top speed to drive forward CCUS.
We are in a world-leading position.
The opportunity is enormous in the Tees, the Humber and areas in the north-west as we seek to get that right and embed those industries in this country.
The unique geology of Cornwall means that there is huge potential for geothermal energy.
There are a number of projects bidding for the current allocation round.
Geothermal energy has a competitive strike price, has lithium as a by-product and makes use of mature technology.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that those benefits are properly factored into any assessments?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the opportunities of geothermal.
He will be pleased to know that it just received a potential allocation through the contracts for difference round.
As he and other hon.
Friends have pointed out, geothermal has great potential in this country, and we look forward to supporting it.
Communities in Padanaram, Forfar, Aberlemno and Stracathro in my constituency have been on the receiving end of an extraordinarily flawed consultation by SSEN—Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks—on taking a 400 kV line from Tealing to Kintore.
I welcome the investment, but can the Minister advise on the minimum standards for consultations on capital infrastructure of this nature, and why will Ofgem not mandate that there is a community benefit?
I will, with the hon.
Gentleman’s permission, arrange to write back to him in a more detailed structure, given that the development is  actually in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) .
Unlocking access to the grid will unlock significant private sector capital ready to come in for microgeneration of battery storage projects.
Can my hon.
Friend give me an update on the timing for the Winser review and the Government’s response to it?
The Government have received Nick Winser’s review and it will be published imminently.
Following a debate in Westminster Hall on making heritage buildings more sustainable, will the Secretary of State undertake to meet his colleague the Minister with responsibility for culture to push for the urgent revision of guidelines to allow greater flexibility in the siting of solar panels and other renewable installations on heritage buildings, in order to make them more environmentally sustainable and economically viable?
Speaking for myself, I would be delighted to have a meeting on that subject.
At a time when the cost of generating electricity is falling thanks to the increasing use of renewables, my constituents do not understand why the price of electricity remains linked to the price of gas.
I know that the Government are undertaking a review of electricity market arrangements.
When might they expect to see a change?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to ask that question.
We would all like to see gas setting the price of electricity less frequently.
That is why we are   accelerating the take-up of renewables, which were so pitifully low in quantity when Labour was in power.
We need a Conservative Government to keep up progress and lower bills right across the country.