The Secretary of State outlined the progress being made on small modular nuclear reactors.
Can he provide an estimate of how many there might be within 10 years?
Great British Nuclear will be launched later in July.
We will also be launching the draw-down selection process for which technologies we will invest in and support.
I would be delighted to speak to the hon.
Gentleman in more detail about that progress moving forward.
I think my constituents, not least those who are part of the Glasgow Community Energy co-operative, will be disappointed with the Minister’s answer to  the right hon.
Member for Exeter (Mr Bradshaw) .
The Minister is extremely familiar with the clauses that form part of the proposed community energy Bill.
They are not acceptable as amendments to the Energy Bill before this House.
Will the Government bring forward their own amendments, so that community energy groups can have the confidence they need to take forward their projects?
As I said, we are working with the sector and parliamentarians to find a way forward to further support community energy projects.
As part of that, I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the violence in the west bank.
The accelerating cycle of violence in the west bank risks another round of bloodshed and the Government are doing everything possible to urge the de-escalation of the situation.
The latest operation by the Israel Defence Forces in the Jenin refugee camp in the northern west bank on Monday is the latest episode in a conflict that has become more worrying as the year has progressed.
While the UK firmly supports Israel’s right to defend itself and its citizens against terrorism, we urge the Israel Defence Forces to demonstrate restraint, adhere to the principles of international humanitarian law and prioritise the protection of civilians.
While the security situation today remains fragile, the UK welcomed Israeli and Palestinian engagement at meetings in Aqaba on  26 February  and Sharm El Sheik on  19 March .
We are clear-eyed that those meetings have not been a silver bullet, but they are an open, meaningful channel of communication between senior Israelis and Palestinians.
At times of strife, this is important in assisting de-escalation and reducing violence.
We have consistently engaged with both the Israelis and the Palestinians to urge them to de-escalate tensions and to support efforts towards renewed negotiations.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister, Eli Cohen, on  26 June —when they discussed the security situation in the west bank—having spoken to the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mohammad Shtayyeh, on  16 June .
I can confirm that the Minister for the Middle East, Lord Ahmad, will be discussing the evolving situation with the Israeli ambassador later today, further to discussions in recent days.
He also spoke to the Palestinian Foreign Minister, Riyad al-Maliki, on  5 May .
Our ambassadors in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem regularly speak to both the Israeli Government and the Palestinian Authority to urge de-escalation and to make clear our expectation that all sides avoid unilateral steps that move the parties further away from dialogue.
Let me finally draw the House’s attention to the statement that the Foreign Secretary made jointly with his Canadian and Australian counterparts last Friday.
The UK opposes Israel’s announced proposal to expand settlements across the west bank, and we ask Israel to halt and reverse its policy of supporting settlement expansion.
Settlements are not the only obstacle to peace, but they are an important one, and our concerns about these recent steps are clear.
The lives lost in this wider conflict are tragic.
There is an urgent need for all parties to avoid further escalation in the west bank and Gaza, now and in the days ahead.
The past 24 hours have seen a horrifying military assault by the Israel Defence Forces on the overcrowded refugee camp in Jenin.
The UN Refugee Agency says that about 15,000 people live in less than half a square kilometre in the camp, yet we have all witnessed on our screens the Israel Defence Forces  launching air attacks, including attacks from drones, and they have sent in hundreds, if not thousands, of ground troops in the largest military action in the west bank for 20 years.
News agencies are reporting 10 deaths of Palestinians, including three children, and 100 Palestinians injured, while the Palestinian Red Crescent says that it has evacuated 3,000 people.
The UN’s Vanessa Huguenin has said: “We are alarmed at the scale of air and ground operations that are taking place in Jenin”.
The World Health Organisation has said: “First responders have been prevented from entering the refugee camp”.
Meanwhile, the Palestinian Authority leadership has resolved to “immediately petition the UN Security Council to implement Resolution 2334 and the relevant resolutions on providing international protection to the Palestinian people, stopping unilateral measures, and imposing sanctions on the occupying power.”
The UK currently holds the presidency of the UN Security Council and is therefore responsible for guiding its response to requests made by the Palestinian Authority.
May I therefore ask the following questions?
What are the UK Government doing in their capacity as President of the UN Security Council?
How have they responded at the UN to the Palestinian Authority’s call for international protection?
What has the Foreign Office said to its Israeli counterpart about the Israel Defence Forces preventing medical staff from accessing the Jenin refugee camp, or firing tear gas into hospitals sheltering children and elderly residents?
Finally, what steps will the Foreign Secretary take to review whether the IDF have made any use of UK arms sold to Israel in this attack?
Will he immediately suspend all arms sales, including surveillance technology, and will he ban collaboration between the UK and Israel’s armed forces and military industries as a result of this horrific attack on civilians?