Private sector investment in clean energy is vital, but does the Minister agree that one reason that the United Kingdom, despite having the highest tidal range on planet Earth after Canada, still uses so little of it, is a lack of public sector leadership?
Areas such as Morecambe Bay, which could contribute to tidal energy, bringing down people’s bills and protecting us against Putin, are something that we could move forward.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and other MPs around the bay, so that we can bring forward plans to get the most out of our tidal energy?
I am not an expert in the hon.
Gentleman’s history on this topic, but I hope it has been consistently in favour of tidal energy, and therefore different from so many other areas of policy.
I share his enthusiasm for the potential of tidal energy.
That is why we are the world’s leading nation in the deployment of tidal range, and why tidal power is eligible for the contracts for difference scheme.
Notwithstanding so many issues, I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
What steps he plans to take to support the development of community energy projects.
The Government are supporting local authorities and community energy groups to work together to develop projects within UK growth funding schemes, such as the UK shared prosperity fund.
Ofgem also welcomes funding applications from the sector to the industry voluntary redress scheme.
Why did the Government remove amendments from the Energy Bill last week that would have supported community energy and local energy trading?
As we have outlined previously, the Government do not support the amendments that were tabled in the Lords, and believe that the issues raised should be considered as part of wider market reform.
However, we are proactively working with parliamentarians and the community energy sector to discuss whether further support from the Government for the sector is needed, and if so, what might be feasible.
What energy cost support his Department has provided to customers on traditional prepayment meters.
The Government have provided support to customers on traditional prepayment meters through the energy bills support scheme and energy price guarantee.
I very much welcome the measures that the Government have announced to support those on traditional prepayment meters, but many residents in Southend West, such as those living in Trafford House in Leigh-on-Sea, are on communal heat networks.
They are still facing higher prices and have no control whatsoever over their heating.
What are the Government doing to encourage heat suppliers to apply for the energy bill discount scheme ahead of the deadline at the end of this month, which will benefit my constituents who have no control over their energy bills?
My hon.
Friend is a great advocate for all her constituents, and she will be interested to hear that the Government are committed to supporting domestic heat network customers with their bills.
That is why we introduced the energy bills discount scheme heat network support, which aims to ensure that heat network customers do not face disappointingly higher bills compared with customers in equivalent households.
Can the Minister tell us the value of prepayment meter vouchers not cashed by the  30 June  deadline?
What can the Government do to ensure that support reaches those people who are eligible to get it?
All hon.
Members will know how abhorrent we found the use of forced entry to people’s houses over prepayment meters.
However, we have worked hard and consistently to ensure that all those on prepayment meters are treated fairly and given support.
What steps he is taking to introduce small modular nuclear reactors into the energy mix.
When his Department plans to complete its competitive process for small modular nuclear reactor technologies.
I am pleased, and indeed proud, to say that Great British Nuclear will be holding a competition for small modular reactors, because we want to attract the best designs from both domestic and international vendors.
The Government’s ambition is to select the leading technologies by autumn, providing co-funding to any viable new technology.
Our commitment to a nuclear programme and to Great British Nuclear will enable the UK to be on a path to achieve its ambition to become a global leader in nuclear energy and small modular reactors.
As members of the Welsh Affairs Committee heard during a visit to the United States in January, small modular reactors should play a significant role in transition, alongside large-scale nuclear projects.
Does the Minister agree that while north-west Wales has excellent scope for large-scale projects, parts of north-east Wales would be outstanding prospects for an SMR site, as well as capitalising on the region’s amazing manufacturing and engineering capabilities to drive that part of the energy mix forward?
The Government recognise the support for nuclear power across north Wales.
Great British Nuclear will work with the Government on access to potential sites for new nuclear projects to achieve our long-term ambition.
As a first step towards the development of the new national policy statement for nuclear, we will consult later this year on a proposed way forward for determining how new nuclear developments, including SMRs, might be located.