As I have said, international humanitarian law requires access to be made available for medical teams to treat those in need of care, so we are urging Israel to allow that as soon as possible.
I know that my colleague, the Minister for the middle east, will be raising that particularly urgently with the Israeli ambassador when he speaks to her this afternoon.
I will ensure that an update is provided by the Department in due course.
The last time that we saw tensions rise like this, we experienced a month of hate, with incidents of antisemitism rising to an all-time high, and horror tropes on the streets of London.
Does the Minister agree that, while discussions are taking place to de-escalate the situation, we all have a duty to temper our language to make sure that Jewish residents, such as my constituents, do not live in fear of abuse, graffiti, racist convoys and, ultimately, violence.
We all have a duty to try to tackle this behaviour on the streets when we see it.
We all have a duty to ensure that antisemitic voices are not allowed to cause distress or violence.
We will continue to ensure that those who feel anxious get the support they need.
We provide a great deal of support and are very proud of the work that the Home Office does in support of many of our Jewish communities.
This year, we have seen a record number of settlement units approved.
The Israeli Finance Minister has instructed ministries to prepare for an additional 500,000 settlers on the west bank.
We have seen 33 Palestinian children killed.
While the Government urge restraint and we get the same weak answers time and again from the Dispatch Box, Israel is acting with impunity.
I think the Minister said it slightly wrong earlier on, but it seemed that she was saying that trade with illegal settlements is now deemed illegal by the UK Government.
Is that the case?
Let me reiterate again that the UK position on settlements is absolutely clear.
Those settlements are illegal under international law and, indeed, they call into question that commitment to the two-state solution, to which the UK are committed.
We will continue to urge Israel to halt that and ensure that the trade relationships that we have with Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories can progress as they need to.
Many of my Luton South constituents have been in touch to say how distressed and angry they are about the increase in violence on the west bank.
Many have set out that the access to supplies, clean water and powdered milk for children is at risk, so, beyond conversations, can the Minister confirm that there will be additional support for healthcare and medical organisations on the ground so that they can help civilians?
Once my noble Friend Lord Ahmad has had discussions with the Israeli ambassador, I will ensure that further information on how we will continue to support UNRWA and other humanitarian groups focuses in particular on this incident.
I am afraid that I do not have more information to hand at the moment.
One eye witness in an interview with CNN has compared the impact of the incursion with a natural disaster in terms of the destruction of infrastructure, such as roads, water systems and electricity.
What role can the British Government play in helping reconstruction to reduce further humanitarian suffering?
Is it the policy of the British Government that the state of Israel should pay reparations for damage to civilian infrastructure in the occupied territories as a result of military activity?
As I have said, we have seen the violent activity today on our TVs and we call on the Israeli Defence Forces and the Israeli Government to demonstrate the restraint that is required to prioritise the protection of civilians and ensure that we can see both medical support get into the Jenin camp and de-escalation of the violence as soon as possible.
I wish to pass on my thanks to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  for raising this issue today.
I will give the Minister one more chance before we end this urgent question: can she set out with far, far greater clarity than she has done so far what action the Government will take as president of the UN Security Council to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and that its leaders are held accountable?
As I set out earlier this week, the Foreign Secretary spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister, Eli Cohen, on  26 June  and to Palestinian Prime Minister Shtayyeh on  16 June .
Such conversations are going on day after day.
Lord Ahmad will be able to give an update on his conversations later on in the day in the other place.
Israel is clearly in breach of international humanitarian law as well as multiple UN Security Council resolutions.
The Minister has ducked the very specific question on the  Security Council on multiple occasions.
As president of the Security Council, the UK has a particular power to convene the Security Council and, indeed, the responsibility to do so.
Can the Minister give us a very clearcut answer: will the UK Government convene the Security Council on this issue—yes or no?
As I have said, the Government continue not only to have close discussions with the Israelis to try to ensure a de-escalation of the violence that we are seeing today, but to work closely with our allies and partners to ensure that we continue to support and give the clear direction of international partners on the question of the two-state solution.