The director general of UK Steel said this week: “There are huge question marks over if government really wants to sustain steel, the backbone of British manufacturing, or just leave it to shrink and rely on other nations’ supply.”
He is right to say that.
It is four years since the Government promised the green steel fund, but not a penny has been paid.
Why are the Government failing our steel communities so comprehensively?
That is absolutely not true; we are legislating for that at the moment.
It is incredibly important to the Government that we combat that and support the energy and trade-intensive industries.
The Committee on Climate Change said last week that “the Government has high ambitions for decarbonisation but no policy to deliver it”.
We have been slow to react to the US Inflation Reduction Act and to the EU’s proposed green deal industrial plan.
The right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , who, for the benefit of the Minister, is not from the Labour Benches, said: “Where the UK once led, we are now falling behind.”
When will Ministers snap out of their appalling complacency and come up with the strategy and timeline that we need to support the UK in the global race for green jobs and investment?
We have met all our carbon targets and will continue to do so.
The Government have made the commitment to continue hitting and progressing on those targets.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on the adequacy of the planning system for clean energy projects.
My Department has been working closely with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities on delivering the proposals in the published action plan for reforming and speeding up the nationally significant infrastructure project planning process.
An important part of those reforms involves updating and strengthening the national policy statements for energy.
Last weekend, James Robottom, the head of onshore wind at RenewableUK, said that he does not expect much from the Government’s consultation on planning.
He said that obstacles to new onshore wind development would “severely hinder investment in the onshore wind industry and its supply chain due to the high level of risk and uncertainty they create.
We are being denied the opportunity for thousands of new jobs and billions in private investment”.
In the meantime, that is costing English families £180 per year.
It means damage to the economy, damage to the environment, and higher bills for families.
Is it not time that we got this useless Government out of the way so that we can sort it out?
This useless Government who have delivered 43% renewables on to the grid!
I would much rather take our record on renewables than the Labour party’s any day of the week.
The consultation on national policy statements closed, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, on  23 June , and the Government remain on track to present them to Parliament and bring them into effect by the end of 2023.
Local authorities have a presumption in favour of solar, and quite right, too, but should they not also consider the cumulative effect of solar farms?
Wiltshire is the second largest county in England for solar farms.
If the new Red Barn project at Kington St Michael is added, it will be one of the largest solar farms in Britain.
We are covering our good agricultural land with solar farms in counties such as Wiltshire.
When the forthcoming planning policy guidance is reconsidered, will the Minister undertake to include a presumption against solar farms on grade 3a and 3b agricultural land?
Food security is incredibly important, and we will, of course, prioritise less productive land for the deployment of solar farms.
Our reforms aim to ensure that infrastructure developers consider, at the outset of their programmes, how projects can address the legitimate concerns of affected communities, engaging regularly with them throughout the pre-application phase and beyond.
Engaging with statutory consultees early during the pre-application stage will also benefit local communities and farmers through high-quality applications.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of ending gas imports from Russia on energy security.
Ending Russian imports in April 2022 has shown that Russian gas belongs in the past.
Our system was well supplied last winter by North sea gas and reliable imports—a far cry from Labour’s energy surrender plan, sponsored by Just Stop Oil, which would put us back at square one and in the hands of despots such as Putin and his tyrannical regime.