Six days ago, the Climate Change Committee delivered its most scathing assessment in its history on the Government’s record, saying that they were off track on 41 out of 50 key targets.
It said that we have gone “markedly” backwards in the past year, on the Secretary of State’s watch.
Who does he blame for this failure?
As has been discussed more than once in these questions and answers, we have taken this country from having only 7% renewable energy to over 40%.
We have decarbonised faster than any other G7 nation and we are on track for carbon budget 4, having already overdelivered on carbon budgets 1, 2 and 3.
Based on our record to date, we are doing a pretty good job.
That answer is total complacency from a Secretary of State who has just been proven to be failing on every major aspect of his agenda.
That is why Lord Goldsmith resigned.
Lord Deben has said he is failing, and  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  has said that we are losing the global race.
Is not the truth now that even the Tories do not trust the Tories on the climate crisis?
This is one of the problems with not being prepared to follow the data, which shows us overdelivering on the commitments of carbon budgets 1, 2 and 3, and that we are more likely to meet carbon budget 4 than we were a year ago.
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants to ignore all that and still roll out his pre-written question, that is how we get to his conclusions.
The truth is that the Government are delivering on the issues of climate change while protecting every single household in the country from Putin’s tyranny.
I am afraid that has already been surrendered by the right hon.
Gentleman, who subscribes to the Just Stop Oil approach.
Order.
Can I just ask the Secretary of State to please not take advantage?
This is topicals.
Please tell me if you want to pick a Member who you do not want to be able to ask their question.
Will the Minister tell the House what his latest assessment is of the full financial cost to the United Kingdom of reaching net zero, and, if the UK reaches net zero, what difference that would make to global temperatures?
We estimate that the net cost excluding air quality and emissions-saving benefits will be equivalent to about 1% to 2% of GDP in 2050.
As my hon.
Friend knows, emissions are global, and we all need to play our part.
The UK has a part to play in tandem with others, and that is why I will be working with other Ministers at the conference of the parties in Dubai.
The Climate Change Committee has slammed the Government for their failure on energy efficiency, with the number of homes helped under the energy company obligation having fallen by half between 2021 to 2022 and now standing at a tenth of the level under the last Labour Government.
Instead of the usual complacent nonsense, will the Minister explain why the Government are failing to insulate Britain’s homes and what he will do about it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to be frustrated about progress.
But as the Secretary of State said, when  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband) , who is chuntering on the Front Bench, was in power, just 14% of homes were decently insulated; by the end of the year, it will be more than 50%.
We have set up the energy efficiency taskforce because we want to go further and faster.
We are determined to do more.
We are spending £12.6 billion over this Parliament and the next, and— Order.
Many businesses across my constituency, including Lishman’s butchers and Clip ’n Climb in Ilkley, have kindly contacted me about needing additional support to help with their energy prices.
The Government have done a huge amount to support domestic users, but will the Minister outline what more support can be provided to small independent businesses?
My hon.
Friend will be interested to hear that the Government provided more than £7.4 billion of support to businesses—more than £35 million a day—through the energy bill relief scheme last winter.
Mine water heating is an emerging technology that employs the heat stored in former mines to heat buildings.
It is low-carbon and efficient, and it could be a boon for our country, especially in deindustrialised areas such as County Durham that experience high levels of fuel poverty.
What forms of support is the Minister offering?
Will he meet me to discuss how we can take this forward in the north-east?
I share the hon.
Lady’s enthusiasm.
We are taking steps to support this technology, and I would be delighted to meet her to discuss it further.
Lots of green renewable energy is generated in Northamptonshire.
For the last year for which figures are available, what was the total output, and the breakdown by type?
Unfortunately, we do not have public data by constituency and do not yet have the full data for 2022.
However, I can tell my hon.
Friend that in 2021, north Northamptonshire generated a total of 362 GWh of renewable electricity.
The people of Kettering, like their representative, want Kettering to be one of the greenest constituencies in the country.