The Secretary of State has proved he still does not get it—he is not having proper discussions with SSE.
If we move to carbon capture and storage, the Climate Change Committee’s progress report identified “risks” and “significant risks” associated with industrial clusters and carbon dioxide storage, which proves it is   nonsensical to have Acorn as a reserve.
When will the Government announce the track 2 clusters and provide parity for Acorn?
When does he envisage Acorn starting construction?
That is vital to meet the 2030 targets.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have already pumped £40 million into Acorn.
It is on the reserve list.
He asks when; the answer is this year for track 2 and track 1 expansion.
So I say it again: the Secretary of State does get it.
What steps his Department is taking to help energy intensive industries decarbonise.
The Government are investing billions to support the development and deployment of carbon capture, utilisation and storage, hydrogen and other decarbonisation technologies, and have a range of policies supporting industrial decarbonisation, such as the industrial energy transformation fund and local industrial decarbonisation plans.
There are 23 clean steel projects across Europe, but none in the UK.
Meanwhile, the UK is the only country in the G20 where steel production is falling.
Other countries recognise the importance of their domestic steel industries, and they recognise the importance of investing in low-carbon steel.
Why do this Government not support our steel?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows well, this Government do support the UK steel industry.
On his broader point, which he mentioned in his original question, UK industrial emissions have fallen 65% since 1990, and we are making significant investments in industrial decarbonisation, not least the £20 billion announced at the end of March, which will contribute to decarbonisation through CCUS and help the steel industry.
Do Ministers agree that the Government’s competition for small modular nuclear reactors will help provide the volume of energy we need for energy-intensive domestic industries and, over the long term, at a lower cost than previous nuclear power stations?