It is about having a balanced energy supply, which means renewables, nuclear power, and yes, where necessary, oil and gas licences—to do without them puts the security of every single person in this country at risk and means that household bills will go up.
Sadly, that is exactly the policy of His Majesty’s official Opposition.
A recent report by the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit shows that, regardless of Ministers’ plans to expand domestic oil and gas production, imports of gas will continue to rise significantly unless we tackle demand.
New oil and gas licences simply will not deliver energy security as the oil and gas is sold at global prices on international markets.
They will cost the taxpayer dearly while being a disaster for the climate.
Will the Government finally do what is needed by ruling out new licences and committing instead to measures that will genuinely make the UK energy secure, including a nationwide street-by-street home insulation programme, unblocking onshore wind, and installing new solar on every roof?
We have gone from 14% of our homes being insulated under the previous Government to nearly 50%—it will be 50% this year—and we have set up an energy taskforce to reduce the usage of energy and make it more efficient.
However, the policy of the hon.
Lady’s party, and that of the official Opposition, of importing all the oil and gas that we require and not providing new licences is simply insane.
It means that every single family in Britain will be subject to the next tyrant like Putin, and that the carbon used will be double what is taken from the North sea.
It is bonkers policy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the population on the ability to meet net zero targets.
Population growth is taken into account when setting our decarbonisation goals.
Specifically, it is accounted for in our baseline emissions projections, which help determine the effort required to meet our carbon targets.
Does my right hon.
Friend accept that in 2050, on present Government policies, we will have 25 million more people in this country than there were in 1990, the base date for carbon dioxide emissions?
He obviously accepts that a higher population leads to higher global emissions, but can he also say that when it comes to climate change, it would be a good idea for this Government to concentrate on a net migration policy, rather than net zero?
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Prime Minister is absolutely determined to bring net migration down to sustainable levels.
I would also point out to him that the UK does not set decarbonisation targets per capita, because all countries need to reduce emissions in absolute terms.
We are determined to play our part in doing that—to move to net zero, but in a pro-growth, pro-business manner.
It is not simply about empowering future generations, but those that exist.
That is why the roll-out of smart metering is important.
The latest quarterly statistics claim that 57% of UK households have smart meters, but that masks the fact that only four out of 32 Scottish local authorities are above 50% in the roll-out of smart metering, five are below 30%, and three island councils  are below 10%.
All those are also the areas with the highest fuel poverty.
As we approach March 2024, when radio teleswitching will go off, how will we ensure that people have access to smart metering, enabling them to get off-peak tariffs?
The hon.
Gentleman is right, both to enthuse about the importance of smart metering and the benefits it can bring—even more so as we move forward in the coming years—and to highlight the importance of ensuring, as ever, that something so important is equitably distributed.
I, or colleagues, would be happy to meet him to discuss how we make sure that the issues he has rightly raised are addressed.
What steps he is taking to increase the use of solar panels on building roofs; and if he will make a statement.
The Government are supporting the installation of rooftop solar in numerous different ways: financial incentives, performance standards and the solar taskforce.
For years now, I have been trying to persuade Governments of all colours to change building regulations to require all new buildings to be fitted with solar panels.
That would have the benefit of securing supply, reducing household bills considerably and helping us towards net zero, so why do we not do it?
I assure my hon.
Friend that I am a great enthusiast for solar panels—I have had them on my home for the past 12 years, and they perform very well.
I want to see more people do that.
In fact, over that period, we have gone from virtually no renewables in our system—6.9%—to 43% in the last quarter.
I am very keen for that expansion to go further and faster.
We need to ensure that it is part of the building code, but we also want to make sure that other forms of renewables can be installed, so it is a balance between not being too prescriptive and making sure that we make speedy progress, particularly on all the commercial rooftops in this country.
A few weeks ago, I had the pleasure of visiting an innovative housing project in Rumney in my constituency, which had solar panels in nearly all the new buildings but also ground source heat pumps, electric vehicle charging points and battery technology in the houses, bringing down bills for the residents while contributing to net zero.
Will the Secretary of State join me in praising Cardiff’s Labour council and the Welsh Labour Government for the work they have done on this issue, and will he explain what we are doing to ensure greater manufacture of those technologies in this country?
Of course, I am delighted that the Barnett formula stretches so far in providing some of the excellent additions to those buildings.
I just want to repeat that no Government have gone further and faster in the G7 than this one in introducing renewables and ensuring that they now power a very significant part of  our grid.
We want to go further and faster still, and we will make sure that things such as building codes help with that plan.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the adequacy of workforce skills for delivering net zero projects.
We recognise that having the right skills within the workforce is critical, which is why we established the green jobs delivery group.
The Climate Change Committee has expressed concern that the UK is falling behind on a range of net zero commitments, including on skills.
A skilled workforce, alongside new green jobs, is a key component of the green new deal, but the workforce plan is not due until 2024.
In the light of the urgency of addressing climate change, will the Government commit to bring that forward to some time later this year?
We are working as quickly as we can on ensuring this.
The new skills that will be required are really beneficial for the UK economy, so we are keen to work with the green jobs delivery group and the Department for Education in looking at apprenticeships and how we can push this forward as quickly as possible.
What steps he is taking to encourage private sector investment in clean energy technologies.
What steps he is taking to encourage private sector investment in clean energy technologies.
Our “Powering up Britain” plan seizes opportunities from the transition to a decarbonised energy system.
Our policies, backed by billions of pounds of Government funding—but more importantly, leveraging in about £100 billion of private investment—will support up to 480,000 jobs in 2030.
Enfinium is building a new energy-from-waste facility in my constituency, which will process nearly 400,000 tonnes of waste to generate electricity for more than 95,000 homes and businesses each year.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming this investment in renewable energy, and outline how the Government are supporting energy-from-waste facilities across the country?