We are meant to be asking questions, not making statements.
Fortunately, the answer is pretty straightforward.
As the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned, we are doing tidal power in this CfD round.
That is to be welcomed and we look forward to this industry expanding in the future, as some of the technicalities and technical difficulties are resolved.
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  has visited recently to see this in action.
Energy storage is vital to managing demand as we switch to renewable electricity.
Pumped storage hydro is the most efficient large-scale storage  method.
UK capacity could be more than doubled by six projects across Scotland that have been shovel ready for more than five years.
They take a long time to build, so why are the UK Government not supporting investment in infrastructure that is critical for our future energy security?
I have discussed this matter with SSE in relation to that particular hydro storage project, and my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State met MSPs yesterday to discuss the subject as well.
We are keen to have this kind of hydro storage, which is why our plans allow for it to be taken forward.
However, I have to say to Opposition Members—all of them—that it is no good just having one kind of storage or one kind of tidal power; we also need to protect the Scottish economy with oil and gas to make sure we are not subjected to Putin or any other dictator holding us to ransom over our energy security.
It is good to hear that the Secretary of State is supporting the economy in Scotland, but my question is: how are the UK Government investing in grid capacity in Wales?
In Wales, such investment is crucial if we are to support energy transition projects such as the Holyhead hydrogen hub, Minesto, Morlais, BP Mona, Lightsource BP and, of course, new nuclear at Wylfa.
Grid capacity in Scotland, Wales, England and Northern Ireland is at the top of our list.
The Winser review has done a lot of work to look at how we can speed up the delivery of that capacity, given the big transition that is going on and this country’s big lead in renewables, which makes that necessary.