Violence on all sides must be condemned.
However, contrary to what the Minister said, illegal settlements are a barrier to peace, yet the UK Government continue to fail to take any meaningful action towards preventing that.
This violence represents a serious escalation of tensions on the west bank.
As we have heard, Palestinians and Israelis have lost their lives.
What assessment has been made of the potential chain reaction of violence that this could unleash?
It has been confirmed that thousands of people have been displaced from the camp.
What discussions has the Minister had with international colleagues on how to minimise the suffering of those refugees— civilians—who have now been displaced twice?
This morning, UN aid agencies voiced alarm at the scale of Israel’s military operation in Jenin, reporting that water and energy  supplies have been damaged, so will the UK Government commit to working with partners to provide additional humanitarian funding to restore these vital supplies for people there?
The UK’s position is clear: settlements are illegal under international law and they call into question Israel’s commitment to the two-state solution.
So we have urged Israel to halt that settlement expansion, which is threatening the physical viability of a Palestinian state.
To the hon.
Gentleman’s point, we are working with our partners the United States, France, Germany and Italy to strongly oppose these unilateral steps.
I am afraid that I do not have the latest information on humanitarian funding, but our teams work very closely through the United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration and other humanitarian organisations.
I would be happy to ask the relevant Minister to update the House later on what the latest commitments are.
Clearly, this morning’s car ramming is only the most recent of the terrorist attacks that have emanated from the city of Jenin.
So far, Operation House and Garden has resulted in the destruction of three labs, hundreds of improvised explosive devices and thousands of grenades.
Underneath the mosque, there were two tunnels with hundreds of weapons, and 120 people have been arrested.
Clearly, the terrorist activity is going to be severely limited.
Behind all this is the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, Hamas and the Jenin battalions.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that this is a proportionate attempt to reduce terrorism against the state of Israel?
As I say, while the UK remains absolutely resolute in its commitment to Israel’s security, and we condemn absolutely the use of indiscriminate force by Hamas and other terrorist groups, we call on all parties to maintain a proportionate balance, so that we can de-escalate the existing situation and ensure that civilians are not caught up in this any more.
With water and electricity services in the Jenin refugee camp damaged as a result of the violence, camp residents are unable to move from their homes.
Many are in urgent need of food, drinking water and medical support, but the ambulances have been prevented from reaching the wounded.
Will the Secretary of State raise with the Israeli authorities the issue of access for ambulances and medical teams to the Jenin camp?
The FCDO Minister for the middle east, Lord Ahmad, will be listening to the debate and will be able to give an update in the other place later today about his ongoing discussions with Israeli counterparts.
Let us be clear: any loss of innocent civilian life is one too many.
But let us also be clear that the Palestinian Authority has lost control over Jenin and it has become a safe haven for terrorists.
Terror groups have fortified the area with IEDs and last week they fired rockets  towards Israel from inside the camp.
Iran has also boasted about arming, training and funding the Palestinian terror groups that operate there.
Does the Minister agree that it is in the interests of both the Palestinians and the Israelis that terror groups cease these operations, which only further destabilise the Palestinian Authority and the region, with innocent people dying as a consequence?
We recognise the real security concerns facing Israel and the Palestinian Authority while they try to deal with those terrorist groups, and we condemn absolutely terrorist groups planning and carrying out attacks.
To my hon.
Friend’s point on the loss of innocent lives, every loss is one too many and there will also be a serious number of injuries to civilians.
We continue to be deeply concerned by the cycle of violence in the west bank.
The urgent need for all parties to de-escalate to prevent that loss of life remains critical.
Unless and until we acknowledge our own role in this developing tragedy, anything the Minister says at the Dispatch Box is essentially going to be meaningless.
The increase in violence by the IDF and the expansion of settlement in the west bank happen because we and other countries in the west do nothing to hold Israel to account.
So could the Minister tell us now: will she commit to supporting an International Criminal Court investigation into what is happening there?
Will the Government here now set a timetable for the recognition of the Palestinian state?
This Government and Members on both sides of the House do not waver from the two-state solution that we all wish to see.
As I have said, settlements are illegal under international law and we will continue, alongside allies and partners, to make that point clear.
As for the ongoing activity today, I hope that Lord Ahmad will be able to pick up on that later today as progress is made with our counterparts in Israel.
But hasn’t our strategic partnership with Israel, announced in this House, afforded us any leverage over Israeli policy in the west bank?
Our strategic relationship with Israel is a strong and long-standing one.
We work with Israel in many areas, from security to trade.
It is an important partner.
That does not negate the fact that we want to see a de-escalation of the current situation and to ensure that the loss of civilian lives is minimised.
I share the distress of others at the loss of civilian life.
Islamic Jihad has already claimed several of the dead as Islamic Jihad fighters and, as we have heard, the Israelis say that the camp was used as a hub for terrorist operations.
Does the Minister think any more can be done to prevent terrorists from embedding themselves among civilians, particularly in places such as refugee camps?
We recognise the security challenges that are faced and will continue to be faced, not only by Israel and the Palestinian Authority in this case, but elsewhere in the world, where innocents living  in refugee camps are used as a cover for terrorists wishing to cause harm.
We all have to continue to tackle that not only in the west bank, but around the world.
Importantly, in this situation, we will all continue to urge de-escalation to reduce the risk of any further civilian casualties or loss of life.
This year has seen more Palestinians killed than in any other year, more settlement starts announced than in any other year, more demolitions in East Jerusalem than in any other year and more violence in general.
We are on the precipice of another intifada.
At the minute, it looks to me as though Israel is acting with impunity and this is an all-out assault on Palestinian life.
So what actions will the Government undertake—not just conversations—to bring this dreadful escalation in violence to an end?
We are absolutely committed to working with all parties on the challenges associated with demolitions so that people remain calm and avoid provocation.
But we are clear that in all but the most exceptional of circumstances demolitions and forced evictions are contrary to international humanitarian law.
The practice causes unnecessary suffering to Palestinians and is harmful to efforts to promote peace.
In particular, we are monitoring developments at Masafer Yatta closely and we have made our views clear to the Israeli Government on that matter.
Constituents have written to me about their grave concerns for the welfare of civilians and health workers in the Jenin camp.
They, like me, know that the Israeli army enjoys a climate of impunity because the international community never holds Israel to account for its actions.
Israel continues to breach international law, including the fourth Geneva convention.
As we have heard already today, settlements are war crimes under the Rome statute.
So my question for the Minister is: what specific actions will the Government take to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and that its leaders are held accountable for its war crimes?
As I say, we have been clear on this.
My colleague in the other place will speak with the Israeli ambassador later today to ensure that we put forward the UK view that de-escalation is urgently required in this difficult situation and that we continue to tackle the questions associated with illegal settlements, which are contrary to humanitarian law.
When the Russians have bombed predominantly civilian areas, resulting in the death of civilians, we have rightly condemned it as a war crime.
Why have the Government not condemned these actions, which are resulting in the loss of civilian life, as a war crime?
Have the Government called in the Israeli ambassador to remind her in the strongest terms possible of the legal responsibility that Israel has to protect civilians?
The UK supports Israel’s right to defend itself and its citizens against terrorist activities, but we are clearly urging the IDF to demonstrate restraint  in order to prioritise the protection of civilians.
As I say, Lord Ahmad will be speaking with the Israeli ambassador later today.
We all condemn attacks on civilians, regardless of which community they are from.
The actions of the IDF in Jenin are indefensible and have resulted in 2023 being one of the most lethal years for Palestinians.
The UK has long claimed to support a two-state solution, endorsed UN Security Council resolution 2334 and recognised that settlements are illegal under international law.
So after yesterday’s appalling move to block action by citizens and public bodies to stop illegal occupation and settlements, have UK Government policy changed?
As I say, this Government will continue to stress the importance of the adherence to the principles of necessity and proportionality when Israel defends its legitimate security interests, as well as the importance of continuing to provide appropriate protection to the Palestinian civilian population, particularly children.
At around 11.30 am yesterday, 17-year-old Majdi Younis Saud Ararawi sustained a gunshot wound to the chest and Nouruddin Husam Yousef Marshoud, who was just 15, was shot in the head by Israeli occupation forces.
Their names join a list of more than 30 Palestinian children killed by the Israeli regime since the beginning of 2023.
The ultimate cause of those senseless killings is Israel’s brutal and illegal occupation of Palestine, which has gone on for over half a century.
Given that last night the Government voted for legislation banning peaceful means of protesting against this abomination, and given Britain’s humanitarian and historic responsibilities to the Palestinian people, what actions have the Government taken?
The Minister has ducked the question so far, but I will give her another chance to answer.
What action will the Government take to ensure that Israel adheres to international law and its leaders are held to account?
As I have said, we are engaging both with the Israelis and the Palestinians to urge them to de-escalate those tensions.
Lord Ahmad will be speaking to the Israeli ambassador later, highlighting and demanding that under international law access to medical care and staff is allowed, so that those who are injured in the Jenin refugee camp are able to receive the medical care that they require.
The use of aerial bombardment and armoured assault by thousands of troops in a refugee camp, familiar to the people of Gaza, is now extended to the west bank.
Alongside settlement expansion, it is part of the annexation of the Occupied Palestinian Territories by Israel’s far-right Government.
Occupation is the cause and context of these latest war crimes.
Will the Government acknowledge that and respond by recognising the state of Palestine?
As I say, across this House we continue our long-standing position of a two-state solution.
We will continue to work with partners across the world to find a solution that allows that to happen.
In the  meantime, we are deeply troubled by the level of violence and we continue to call on Israel, while defending itself and its citizens, to demonstrate the restraint required to ease the situation in Jenin today.
My thoughts go out to the people affected by the horrific attacks on the Jenin refugee camp.
We must be clear that this is a violation of international law and that the occupying forces, in particular, have a responsibility to end the violence.
I will give a clear suggestion of a possible action: will the UK Government send a clear message of condemnation by bringing to an end the importation into the UK of goods that are produced in those Israeli settlements that are deemed illegal under international law?
As I say, we will continue to make calls on Israel—[Interruption.]
Goods made in the settlements are not allowed to be imported, and that continues to be the case.
We continue to grow the work that we do on trade with Israel, the Palestinian Authority and the OPTs, and I know the Department for Business and Trade is focused on that development work.[Official Report,  5 July 2023 , Vol. 735, c. 4MC.]
I do not think the Minister understands the power of office.
Today we have heard comments and some warm words, but we have seen no action.
The UK currently has the power of holding the presidency of the United Nations Security Council, so will she call the Security Council together to act now on the atrocities that we have seen in Jenin?
What other measures will she take to stop further atrocities occurring?
As I say, we continue to work on the peaceful two-state solution.
Later today, Lord Ahmad will provide an update in the other place on our continuing activities.
This year has already been the deadliest for violence in the west bank since 2005.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of rising Israeli violence against Palestinian civilians?
I will give her another chance: does she not agree that civilian deaths should lead to investigations and accountability?
As I say, we continue to be deeply troubled by the high number of Palestinian civilians who have been killed and injured, as the hon.
Lady highlights.
While Israel has a legitimate right to defend itself, it is important that Israeli forces exercise maximum restraint, especially in the use of live fire, when protecting that legitimate security interest.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Peace is a word we often hear in relation to Israel and Palestine, but how can peace be achieved when Palestinians are subjected to systematic and deliberate oppression and discrimination by Israeli authorities?
The people in the Jenin refugee camp have already fled their homes, and they have been displaced yet again.
Can the Minister set out what is being done by the international community to help those who have now been displaced twice?
Will  she condemn the denial to access medical care for Palestinians in Jenin?
And will she join me in calling out Israel’s behaviour for what it is?
As stated in a report by Amnesty International, Israel is committing the crime of “apartheid against Palestinians.”
As I say, Lord Ahmad will be speaking to the Israeli ambassador later and will be making clear that we want to ensure that medical supplies are able to get into refugee camps to provide the care that is needed to those who are injured as a result of the violence of the past few days.
Reports from Jenin are shocking, particularly reports that medical teams are unable to get access to civilians in need.
I support what the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee,  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , said about having steps towards a solution and an ending of Israeli settlements.
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports there have been at least 570 attacks by settlers against Palestinians in the west bank this year, which is an average of three attacks a day.
What is the Minister doing, in discussions with her counterparts, on tackling Israeli settler violence, as well as on the issues faced because of new Palestinian militant groups?
Action is needed now to de-escalate the situation, as well as looking again at the international funding for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, which is vital to support Palestinian refugees.
As I say, we condemn settler violence in the strongest possible terms and we urge the Israeli authorities to do what they can.
The Foreign Secretary’s statement, published with Australia and Canada at the end of last week, highlighted the very clear demand that the Government of Israel reverse their decision to approve over 5,700 new settlement units in the west bank and change the settlement approval process.
We will continue to work with allies to achieve that.
The escalation of violence in the west bank over the past year and the killing of innocent civilians, including children in recent days, is devastating.
The two-state solution, which many of us hope will bring peace and stability to the region, seems further away than ever.
What are the Government actively doing to stop the killing of innocent people and to ensure that a two-state settlement is still a diplomatic reality?
As I have said, we continue to work with partners and allies on the two-state solution.
Indeed, we call on all those caught up in the violence today to show restraint and to de-escalate the situation so that the violence can come to a halt and we can ensure that those casualties are able to receive treatment.
My good and hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  was absolutely correct in her remarks and I thank her for securing this urgent question.
I visited the refugee camp at Jenin in 2012 and saw some of the clinics and schools; to say that the conditions were grim is an understatement.
What we have seen over the past day or two is an attack by Israeli security forces on a refugee camp, using missiles against children, parents, the elderly  and the vulnerable.
This is not about Israel defending itself.
Even the White House has stated that it is tyranny.
When will the UK Government intervene not just with words to condemn those actions, but with something in practical terms to support the Palestinian people undergoing such appalling oppression?
The UK’s position on the middle east peace process is clear and we will continue to support a negotiated settlement, which leads to a safe and secure Israel living side by side with a viable and sovereign Palestinian state, based on the 1967 borders.
In the short term, we are calling very firmly, as are all partners around the world, on Israeli defence forces to show the required level of restraint to ensure that the violence ceases in Jenin refugee camp as soon as possible.