As part of our future veterans strategy, a women veterans annexe will provide specific guidance on females wanting to leave the armed forces.
It is also important to mention that we are not just setting up the violence against women and girls taskforce; we have the sexual harassment survey going out, the tri-service complaints system, the review of our zero-tolerance policy by a KC to move to 100% action, an international culture and behaviours conference to learn best lessons from our international partners, and the modernisation of our military appraisal system to ensure that people who get involved in unacceptable behaviour are tracked through the system so they can be held to account.
What discussions he has had with his NATO counterparts on increasing defence industrial capacity across the alliance.
The Defence Secretary raised this issue at the meeting of all NATO Defence Ministers in February and has held a number of discussions with NATO allies since, including with the US Secretary of Defence and in meetings with joint expeditionary force and E5 allies.
European allies are stepping up within NATO, and the UK is leading efforts to increase defence spending and expand defence industrial capacity.
I concur with my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  that it is deeply disappointing that France has blocked European Union countries from allowing SAFE—Security Action for Europe—funds to be used for the procurement of British weapons.
With that in mind, what has the Minister done to ensure that actions are being taken to guarantee a multilateral, NATO-wide procurement strategy, with the UK at its centre?
I have met a number of my equivalents bilaterally, but it is important to say that we welcome the ReArm initiative and that it is in all our interests for SAFE to allow member states to partner with the UK.
We will continue to emphasise the need for EU defence financing and wider defence industrial initiatives to include third countries like the UK.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said in answer to an earlier question, we want to conclude a UK-EU defence and security pact that will give us access to that scheme.