The loss of power in the Heathrow area caused significant disruption for thousands of travellers and countless businesses.
Heathrow is one of the world’s busiest airports and Europe’s busiest air hub.
It was scheduled to handle 1,351 flights, carrying up to 291,000 passengers on Friday.
However, as we know, the fire at a nearby electrical substation forced planes to be diverted to other airports, with many long-haul flights returning to their points of departure.
The financial cost of the shutdown to the airline industry is expected to total tens of millions of pounds, and there are significant question marks over the airport’s possible vulnerability to further disruption in the future.
Before we discuss the specifics of the incident, I ask the Secretary of State to confirm that she will remain engaged with Heathrow, the airlines and other key stakeholders throughout this period to minimise the impact on passengers and the economy.
I note that the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, whom I am pleased to see in his place, has instructed NESO to investigate the incident urgently.
It is crucial that NESO’s investigation delivers a clear and objective assessment of the incident’s circumstances and the UK’s broader energy resilience.
I ask the Government to keep the House informed as that investigation develops.
I also note that the Secretary of State for Transport will closely monitor Heathrow’s internal investigation into the incident.
She is right to do so.
Although I trust that she will share any conclusions drawn from the report with the House, may I ask that she provides specific assurance today that she will indeed do so?
Let me focus on the details of the incident, which evidently raises significant concerns about the resilience of Heathrow airport and critical infrastructure in general.
On Heathrow’s resilience, important questions arise about why the airport was dependent on a single electrical substation, which proved so vulnerable to such an incident.
I understand from media reports and from the Secretary of State’s statement that although two additional substations are capable of powering the airport, doing so would require reconfiguring the power supply structure for all terminals.
Does the Secretary of State believe that that set-up is appropriate for the country’s largest airport?
Additionally, what assessment has she made of the power supply resilience of other major UK airports?
With regard to the resilience of our critical national infrastructure, the episode underlines the urgent need to ensure that our critical infrastructure is safeguarded against both accidental incidents and deliberate acts of sabotage by malign actors.
Hon.
Members will recall that when President Putin launched his illegal invasion of Ukraine, global energy markets faced immense disruption, which posed the most significant threat to European energy security since the 1970s.
Despite that upheaval, Britain’s energy prices remained broadly stable, but only because the Government of the day took  decisive action to protect businesses and households from price spikes as far as possible.
That came at a significant financial cost.
The event at Heathrow reminds us that true energy security depends not only on price stability but on the physical safety of our energy infrastructure.
Given the crucial role of airports in our economy, we must remain vigilant.
In the light of that, what discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero about ensuring that the energy supply to major airports remains secure?
What is the timeline for the Kelly review, and will its findings be made publicly available?
Will the Secretary of State engage with colleagues across Government Departments to assess and mitigate the risks posed by malicious actors who will undoubtedly have taken note of this weekend’s events?
Finally, what specific steps will she take to strengthen the resilience of our critical national infrastructure?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for the tone of his comments.
I assure him and other Members of this House that I will do everything I can to keep them updated, and I will continue the engagement I have had with Heathrow since the incident first became known to me.
I spoke to the chief executive of Heathrow on Friday morning and again today.
If my officials can do anything to assist those on the Opposition Front Bench in understanding this very serious issue, I am willing to facilitate any such meetings that the hon.
Gentleman wishes to have.
On the internal investigation that the London Heathrow board has commissioned Ruth Kelly to do, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, I have asked to see a copy of that report.
Assuming that I have the permission of Heathrow to share it more broadly, I am happy to share its contents with him and the House.
On his question about whether I am content with and confident about the set-up for airport power supplies, I am not going to become an armchair electrical engineer; I want to see the report that has been commissioned by the airport and the report that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy has commissioned from NESO.
We are also conducting a resilience review of critical national infrastructure via the Cabinet Office, and I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will look at any and all the issues that this incident raises in those reviews.
I spoke with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy on Friday evening, and I assure the hon.
Gentleman that I will continue to engage across Government on any of the issues that this incident raises.