What has happened is clearly a rare occurrence, but it raises a number of significant questions about the security and management of our critical national infrastructure.
While I am pleased to hear that no foul play is currently suspected, the event has revealed vulnerabilities in our national security that may be exploited in future by terrorists and hostile state actors.
It is consequently vital that lessons are learned to ensure that an incident like this does not happen again, and I welcome the announcement of a full investigation.
It is deeply concerning that the failure of a single piece of infrastructure has taken down the entire airport.
Heathrow is connected to three substations, and while two were impacted, the third was running and had enough capacity—thought to be around 72 MW—to power the whole of Heathrow, which requires a little more than 40 MW.
It is evident that Heathrow’s power set-up could not be swiftly reconfigured to allow the third substation to be used.
We need to understand why that was, and whether it could be remedied in future.
While Heathrow claims that it is normal for airports not to have sufficient back-up capacity to power all of their needs, other industries that require even more power than Heathrow—such as data centres—take more robust steps to ensure they have sufficient back-up systems to counter such failures.
Should our key international transport hub not have the same safeguards?
We must also not forget those whose journeys were disrupted.
It is estimated that over 200,000 passengers have been impacted by the event.
However, under current regulations, most of those passengers will not be eligible for compensation.
As such, I have three questions for the Secretary of State.
First, what impact, if any, will this incident have on the Government’s plans for expansion at Heathrow?
Can the national grid infrastructure cope with a third runway, or will the airport become more prone to failure?
Secondly, does the Secretary of State believe that UK airports should be taking steps to  increase their back-up capacity, in order to ensure that an incident like this does not happen again?
Thirdly, does she believe that the current regulations around passenger compensation are sufficient?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
The question of Heathrow expansion and this very rare—unprecedented—event are two entirely separate issues.
He will be aware that the Government have invited Heathrow to bring forward proposals for a third runway, and we will review the airports national policy statement after that.
With regard to back-up capacity at airports, I am told that the back-up power systems at Heathrow operated as they should have done during this incident—they did not fail.
I do not want to come to knee-jerk conclusions as a result of this unprecedented incident, but we will be looking very closely at the two reviews I mentioned in my statement.
I have also worked with the Civil Aviation Authority to ensure that passengers who have been affected by this disruption are aware of their rights.
Heathrow is in my constituency, as is the substation that caught fire, so I join other Members in thanking the firefighters who worked so hard to get this incident under control so quickly and at some risk.
I also thank the police and the council officers who helped to evacuate 150 of my constituents from their homes.
I was there on the day and met some of the residents, and I will be writing to them all so that we can pick up lessons from what they experienced on that day and build those lessons in.
Now that this site has gained such a high profile, there are concerns about its security for the future.
I would welcome some more detailed information coming out of the inquiry about how we will secure the site for the future, not just from accident but from potential attack.
My right hon.
Friend raises a fair point.
I will ensure that we provide that information to him once we have reviewed the different reports that are going to be published over the next couple of months.