My hon.
Friend is right; the sacrifice that those who serve in uniform make to keep us all safe is exceptional.
The least that their families deserve is a decent home—it is, after all, the heart of all our lives.
The steps we have taken with the buy-back of the Annington homes is a decisive break with the past, and we will now put in place the necessary plans to upgrade forces family homes for the future.
The Ministry of Defence owns more than 300 houses in the former Arborfield garrison in my constituency.
Only a handful of them are occupied by service families; the remainder are let privately.
But increasingly they are being left vacant, which, with the estate not being maintained, is affecting the lives of constituents.
I am told that no decisions can be taken on the future of the site until a housing strategy is completed.
Can the MOD make an early decision on the Arborfield housing, to stop the neglect and return much-needed, affordable housing to the market?
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me with the specifics, I will certainly look into that.
He sets out for the House the character of some of the neglect and decline that we have seen in our forces housing for so long, and the bind that previous Governments have been in, without the power or control to make the upgrades and plan for wholesale renewal for the future.
That is what our housing review will start to fix.
We cannot fix these deep-seated, long-running problems overnight, but we are determined to do better than we have done in the past.
Can the Secretary of State reassure forces families in North Durham that the Labour Government are ending the previous Conservative Government’s failed approach of papering over the cracks, and are instead taking action to deliver new, high-quality family homes for our service personnel over the years to come?
I can indeed.
My hon.
Friend and I stood on a manifesto, on which we were elected as a Government, that committed to ending the scandal of forces family homes.
The buy-back that we have put in place is the start of delivering on that promise for armed forces families and delivering, as we are doing on a number of fronts, for defence.
The litany of complaints I receive from service families in accommodation in Gosport include damp, black mould, unsafe electrical wiring and waste water flowing into homes.
One constituent wrote to me that: “The overall condition of our flat is unfit for purpose, unhygienic and quite frankly a threat to our safety.”
This has been going on for decades, under successive Governments, and our service people and their families quite simply deserve better.
What I want to know from the Secretary of State, on behalf of my constituents, is when we will begin to see tangible differences.
Pinnacle and VIVO are not fit for purpose; when will we see them replaced with an organisation that can do those repairs, and do them properly?
I invite him to visit Gosport to see some of that appalling service family accommodation for himself.
The hon.
Lady is right; it is shameful.
Her Government had 14 years to fix the problem; we are now doing that job.
We have a policy in place that means that no one should be let a home with apparent damp and mould problems.
There is a special, dedicated report line for those problems, and if they are severe, service families should be offered alternative accommodation.
The defence housing review, which is now under way and will report in the summer, will set out plans for a long-term overhaul of these deep-seated problems, which are overdue and have been neglected.
What steps he is taking to ensure that UK military aid is adequate to meet Ukraine’s capability requirements.
As a new Government, we stepped up and speeded up the delivery of UK military aid to Ukraine.
This year the UK will provide £4.5 billion in military support, the highest ever sum.
We are fully behind President Trump’s pledge to bring a lasting peace to Ukraine, and we want to see success in today’s talks, but we will not jeopardise the peace by forgetting about the war.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his answer.
Over the weekend, President Trump’s special envoy dismissed the Prime Minister’s plan for an international force to support the ceasefire in Ukraine, calling it “a posture and a pose”.
Whatever the wisdom of those remarks, does the Secretary of State see a future in which UK forces could deploy on peacekeeping operations in Ukraine without a US security guarantee?
As the Chief of the Defence Staff said over the weekend, no one should doubt that the work that the UK is leading with France to pull together a coalition of nations willing to step in and help ensure lasting peace in any negotiated settlement in Ukraine is critical and substantial.
The UK is determined and will lead that effort.
This year, the UK is providing Ukraine with more financial aid through military support than at any time since Putin’s illegal invasion.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is crucial to wider European security, and to our own security here in the UK, that we continue to support Ukraine and ramp up the pressure on Putin?
I do indeed.
Putting the Ukrainians in the strongest possible position as they choose to go into discussions is part of the responsibility and commitment of this Government.
We plan very closely with Ukraine the support we provide, and our 2025 plan to support Ukraine has been developed with the Ukrainians and reflects what they need most: drones, air defences and ammunition.
That is why this month the Prime Minister announced a £1.6 billion deal to supply more than 5,000 lightweight multi-role missiles for air defence that were built in the UK, both backing the Ukrainians in their fight and boosting British jobs and business.
In this age, when the plot of “The Manchurian Candidate” appears more like a documentary on US politics than a work of fiction, have the Government received any indication that their efforts militarily to support Ukraine would be actively opposed or blocked by the Trump Administration?