Just to clarify for the House, they were different snowdrifts at different times—otherwise there could be stories!
The more procurement we can do with our allies, the better—not only in how interoperable the equipment will be but in its interchangeability.
With P-8s, F-35s and potentially Type 26 frigates being shared by common nations in the High North, there is a huge opportunity to work together more closely, creating more jobs and more effective deterrents against Russian aggression.
What steps his Department is taking to help prepare cadets for potential careers in the armed forces.
I have visited multiple cadet units all over the country and have been truly astounded at the social mobility that the cadets provides for a whole range of young people.
We have over 140,000 cadets at the moment, supported by 26,000 volunteers.
We are doing everything we can to look to expand those programmes over time and ensure that the opportunity is available for everybody, from every walk of life.
In my new role as the chair of the British Shooting Sports Council, I take a keen interest in cadet target rifle shooting.
The Minister will be aware that the Ministry of Defence is proposing to withdraw from service the 7.62 cadet target rifle from 2026, and the .22 rifle just two years later.
Aside from depriving cadets from the opportunity to learn the highly disciplined and valuable skills of firearms safety and use, the proposal calls into question the future of target rifle shooting in the UK.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the shooting and target rifle community to discuss opportunities to reverse this decision?
I will happily come and talk through that in due course.
I have been in the military for 24 years and have spent a lot of time shooting, and I can see its benefits.
What steps he is taking to ensure small and medium enterprises are able to participate in defence procurement contracts.
SMEs can help us make defence an engine for growth in all our nations and regions.
I want far more involvement from SMEs in our procurement, providing agility, innovation and resilience as we seek to ramp up our industrial production.
That is why the Prime Minister recently launched a new defence SME support hub, and committed us to publishing a new target for MOD spend with SMEs.
Last week, as part of the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I had the privilege of visiting His Majesty’s Royal Naval Base in Portsmouth, to meet personnel and see equipment used by our armed forces that is made by Accuracy International and SIG Sauer, an SME firearms manufacturer in my constituency.
Accuracy International employs more than 100 local people.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that companies such as Accuracy International and SIG Sauer are given a fair shot in defence procurement and can continue to provide jobs in my city?
A fair shot—I commend my hon.
Friend on her puns.
Accuracy International has made a great contribution to UK defence and exports.
I have been talking to defence firms, many of which are SMEs,  during the defence industrial strategy consultation.
I hope that the changes that we will make to speed up procurement and provide more access to opportunities will transform their chances of doing business with us, while making defence an engine for growth across all our nations and regions.
We are shortly to appoint a national armaments director with a salary of more than £600,000 a year.
I hope that that colossal salary comes with the mandate to be able to tear up the book on defence procurement as we rearm the nation.
Will the Minister reassure me that when we get the national armaments director back to the Defence Committee in a year’s time, they will not say, “Well, we tried to change things, but they wouldn’t let me”?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are tearing up the way in which procurement works before the national armaments director moves into his place.
It is one of the biggest jobs in government, which needs the right salary to attract the right person.
I am clear that we will do things differently.
The national armaments director will be held accountable for ensuring that we do so.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
A lot has happened since the last defence oral questions six weeks ago.
The Prime Minister announced the largest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war, hitting 2.5% of GDP by 2027 and 3% in the next Parliament.
I chaired the Ukraine defence contact group of nearly 50 countries—the first European Defence Minister to do so—which secured an extra €1.5 billion of military support for Ukraine.
With France, the UK is leading plans to put together a coalition of the willing to secure a peace deal in Ukraine; 31 nations joined a planning meeting last week at the permanent joint headquarters, and there are further meetings there this week as we accelerate that planning.
This is a Government stepping up on European security, on Ukraine, on defence spending and in all areas.
This is UK leadership in action.
The Government’s commitment to use defence procurement to strengthen our industrial sector is welcome.
Will the Secretary of State please outline how the Government are supporting local manufacturers across the UK and ensuring that defence contracts contribute to long-term industrial growth and job creation?
In particular, how are they encouraging and supporting companies such as Pargat Housewares in my constituency, which is a private, ethnic minority-owned business and one of the UK’s largest producers of pots, pans and bakeware using advanced and extremely energy-efficient techniques?
My hon.
Friend is right that SMEs are often the drivers of productivity and innovation.
We recently announced that we will be setting targets for an increasing share of defence contracts to go to SMEs, alongside the formation of a new defence innovation office.