If our forces go to Ukraine, it will be as part of a peacekeeping mission, but, as the Veterans Minister reminded us earlier, Operation Banner was also described as peacekeeping, yet decades later those who served are being hounded in our courts.
Our soldiers in Iraq were subjected to hundreds of vexatious claims.
If our forces go to Ukraine, will the Secretary of State consider a derogation from the European convention on human rights so as to maximise our protection against possible lawfare?
If we go into Ukraine, we will be going into a negotiated peace, not a shooting war.
Our aim is to secure borders, to ensure safe skies and to ensure safe seas.
Is the hon.
Gentleman saying that he will not support a UK mission and UK troops without that derogation?
Of course not.
The Secretary of State knows perfectly well that the Labour Government derogated from the ECHR after 9/11, and a country in Europe has derogated from the ECHR since 2015.
That country is Ukraine, and that is because there is a war on.
Surely he recognises that, even if it is a peacekeeping force, there will still be threats, and Russian nationals have been particularly adept at lawfare in our own courts.
Surely he will at least consider giving the maximum protection to our armed forces from vexatious claims by derogating from the ECHR if there is a deployment.
Our armed forces will always have our fullest support.
Just to be clear to the hon.
Gentleman, we, alongside France, are putting together a coalition of the willing, responding to the challenge from the US for Europe to step up on Ukraine.
We are responding to the requirement from Ukraine for security arrangements that will give it the conviction and confidence that any negotiated peace will last.
That is a worthy mission, and it is one that the UK is leading.
I hope that it has the support of both sides of the House.
Our troops must be able to trust the body armour that they wear to keep them safe.
Will the Minister for the Armed Forces update the House on how withdrawing cracked enhanced combat body armour is going and on when everyone in our forces can expect to know that their body armour is safe?
I fully agree with my hon.
Friend and, on something as fundamental as body armour, we back our troops.
I ordered immediate action to replace ECBA on the frontline, flying new body armour to units worldwide.
Rapid testing of plates is under way.
Our people should know that their safety matters to the Government, and we will act to keep them safe.
Last week, it was announced that the SNP Government are sending more shipbuilding contracts abroad.
Seven CalMac ferries that could be constructed on the Clyde will instead be built in Poland.
Will the Minister share how many warships the United Kingdom Government are currently building in Scotland?
As the hon.
Gentleman will probably know, Type 31s are being built at Rosyth and Type 26s are being built at Govan.
We have got a programme for eight at Govan, and five so far at Rosyth—that is the current number.
As you know all too well, Mr Speaker, Lancashire has a proud defence manufacturing pedigree at the cutting edge of our British sovereign capability—you think manufacturing
and you think Lancashire.
Will the Minister for Defence Procurement continue to champion Lancashire’s defence jobs?
Will she commit—I understand that this is cheeky—to replacing tranche 1 Typhoon aircraft with new, modern Lancashire-made Typhoons?
I commend my hon.
Friend for asking that question.
He will know that the strategic defence review is considering our current mix of fourth and fifth-generation aircraft.
He will also know that, in addition to the Typhoon, 15% of the F-35s as well as 37% of the Typhoons are made in Lancashire, so there is work aplenty in Lancashire, no matter which aeroplane is bought.
My  constituent Sam serves in Afghanistan and suffers from PTSD.
Although he is entitled to compensation, his condition has left him struggling with the forms and, 10 years on, he has been told that he can have only £600, when he is entitled to thousands.
Can the Minister explain what steps are being taken to ensure that those who give so much serving our country are helped to access the financial assistance they are entitled to, and not blocked by bureaucracy?
That is a really valid question.
We pay out more than £1.5 billion a year in compensation through the armed forces compensation scheme and the war pension scheme.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me on that specific case, I can have a look into it.
I also refer her to Op Courage, which is linked to mental health and has had 34,000 referrals to date.
Does the Minister agree that expanding our military expenditure creates a golden opportunity to deal with the shortage of people going into science, technology and engineering jobs, and that as we expand the military budget, we should make sure that the defence industry expands the number of apprenticeships and builds a robust skills and training base so that young people can benefit from those jobs?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
Of course, there are skills shortages across much of manufacturing, not only in defence, so there is certainly going to be an issue.
I can tell him that the apprentices I have met in the defence industry tend to smile the whole time.
They are getting extremely good training for lifelong excellent jobs, so I am absolutely certain that we can get that across to young people and ensure that defence gets its fair share of the skilled people that we need.
With the UK frozen out of the EU rearmament scheme while defence contractors and security firms in Albania,  Norway and South Korea stand to benefit, what estimates has the Secretary of State made of the potential loss of economic activity in the UK as a result?
The strongest argument for saying that there needs to be UK collaboration and co-operation with the EU and across Europe is that some of our best capabilities, from the Typhoon and the Meteor to Storm Shadow, have been developed through multinational efforts including the UK.
It is that sort of collaboration that we want to secure for the future, and the EU White Paper gives us a basis for starting to negotiate that.
We are incredibly proud of our veterans in Peterborough.
Will the Minister join me in recognising the work of Councillor Jason McNally, our armed forces champion, and his predecessor, Councillor John Fox, and tell us what more the Government can do to help them to support more people signing up to the armed forces covenant?