I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I recently met a cross-party delegation, including the Labour MPs for Portsmouth—my hon.
Friends the Members for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin) and for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan)—and the Conservative MP for Fareham,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Fareham and Waterlooville (Suella Braverman) , to talk about the AQUIND interconnector.
It is part of a planning decision being taken by the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, so it is difficult for me to comment on, but let me be absolutely clear that we take defending our underwater infrastructure very seriously, and we will continue to make decisions that support its defence.
What steps he is taking to protect female members of the armed forces from sexual harassment.
Over the last 24 years, I have had the absolute privilege of working with amazing servicewomen across the armed forces, and also with women in the police, the NHS and, of course, our intelligence service.
There is no place for unacceptable behaviours in defence—absolutely no place at all—and the women who choose to serve deserve better.
This Government are taking action.
Just last week, I announced the launch of the long called for tri-service complaints unit, which will sit outside the chain of command.
The single services will therefore not be  able to, nor be perceived to be able to, mark their own homework.
I am working across Government, in particular with the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , and the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , on setting up a defence violence against women and girls taskforce.
Just two weeks ago, I met the Women’s Network, and I have also sat on the Raising our Standards panel of those from across trade and other organisations, the purpose of which is to really criticise us and pull forward any lessons learned from broader society.