The incident poses questions about whether the current operators are capable of running a third runway, if this fire caused a complete shutdown.
Reports indicate that complete closure was not required.
Confidence in travelling and in Heathrow are at an all-time low among my constituents and others.
Has the Secretary of State made Heathrow officials aware of the need to ensure that contingency plans are not simply notes on paper, but actions to take during a crisis?
What has been their response to allay fears caused by the turmoil of last weekend?
I do not think anyone underestimates the distress and disruption that this incident caused.
Having spoken directly with Heathrow’s chief executive on a number of occasions, I know that he is fully aware of that.
This is an unprecedented event of significant magnitude.
Day in, day out, Heathrow successfully provides services to hundreds of thousands of passengers and businesses.
While it is right that we do everything we can to interrogate the causes of this incident and learn any lessons, I believe that Heathrow airport can continue to be a trusted partner for Government in the longer term.
The power outage, which had such a significant effect on Heathrow and its immediate surroundings, has raised real concerns about resilience and back-up in our energy system for major infrastructure projects and sites.
The Government have plans for a significant expansion of our clean energy electricity networks, so can the Secretary of State say to what extent the Government will build into their clean power plans the greater resilience and back-up that this worrying example at Heathrow has emphasised are so badly needed?
I can confidently say that as we transition to clean power, resilience will remain key in the delivery of our power network.
I do not think that anything changes as a result of our determination to move to clean power, but I am happy to continue discussions with colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to make sure that that is the case.