Not only is a career in our armed forces good for a young person; it also offers training opportunities, with each of our single services appearing in the top five apprentice employers—the very best in our country.
A career in the defence industry is also good for our young people.
The ability to move between regular, reserve and industry more frequently and more easily not only secures the national defence of our country and provides more opportunities for our young people, but means that defence can be an even better and bigger engine for growth.
Those are the proposals we will be coming forward with in due course.
In recent years, for every 100 servicemen recruited, 130 have left.
That is completely unsustainable.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that we retain more troops, with not only the package within our armed forces, but competitive packages in the private sector?
The hon.
Gentleman is entirely right about the terrible state of armed forces retention that we inherited.
We have seen armed forces morale drop from 60% in 2010 to just 40% last July.
We need to invest more in our armed forces, which is why we have introduced the biggest pay rise in 20 years and why we are bringing defence housing back under public control, so that it can be invested in.
It is also why we are  creating the Armed Forces Commissioner, who will provide an independent champion for service welfare matters for those who serve.
We do need to invest more, which is why my ministerial colleagues and I have created an armed forces recruitment and retention board within the MOD to focus efforts on improving service life for all those who serve and their families.
What steps he is taking to support defence personnel affected by domestic abuse.
As I mentioned earlier, we are moving forward with our women and girls taskforce to drive progress on the Government’s commitment to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
Last year, we launched the Ministry of Defence’s domestic abuse action plan and trained more than 700 service police in specialist domestic abuse and coercive control training, and now everybody in the military—every man and woman across the armed forces—goes through unacceptable sexual behaviour training.
According to King’s College London, one in 10 of our armed forces personnel is a survivor of domestic abuse, but, because there is no specific offence of domestic abuse in the law, the Ministry of Justice has confirmed that it cannot comprehensively identify perpetrators, and cannot therefore comprehensively rehabilitate them and keep victims and survivors safe.
Will the Minister join me and colleagues across the House in campaigning for a specific offence of domestic abuse in the law so that we can better protect our armed forces personnel from domestic abuse?
It is completely clear to me that any sort of domestic abuse in any way, shape or form in the armed forces is completely unacceptable.
If we can help to address and track some of that through the armed forces, it will make it far easier to deal with and ensure rehabilitation.
I will take this conversation on after these questions.
If he will make an assessment of the potential impact of the pause in offensive cyber-operations against Russia by the US on security in Europe.
UK defence networks face a range of state threats from malign actors.
In 2024, the National Cyber Security Centre received 1,957 reports of cyber-attacks, of which 89 were nationally significant, with 12 severe in nature.
The Government continue to improve resilience and response options to those threats.
As part of the armed forces parliamentary scheme, together with colleagues, I recently visited the 77th Brigade and learned more about the amazing work the men and women of the brigade are doing to tackle Russian disinformation in eastern Europe and elsewhere.
The trip came just a few days after the  United States President announced his decision to cease American offensive cyber-operations against Russia over disinformation altogether, which has led to growing concerns that willing countries do not have the capacity or ability to tackle that particular threat.
Will the Minister tell us what assessment has been made of the capabilities that we have in the United Kingdom to tackle that threat, and does he agree that it places greater pressure on the 77th Brigade and other agencies?