Harrogate is a proud armed forces town and the location of the Army Foundation College, and Menwith Hill and Catterick are nearby.
North Yorkshire as a whole plays an important part for our armed forces.
Veterans in my constituency have told me that they often move back there after postings throughout their careers, but they then have problems accessing housing through the local authority.
What conversations is the Minister having with local government colleagues to ensure that local authorities have a better understanding of how to listen to what veterans say about the adaptations they need?
As the hon.
Member knows very well, access to social and affordable housing is a severe problem across the country.
We work with many councils, explaining to them the covenant as a whole and the need for veterans to be fast-tracked.
Op Fortitude is a prime example: there have been 3,000 referrals, and 825 veterans have been put into housing in a relatively short time.
I would like to connect the hon.
Member with that operation to ensure that we can point any veterans who need such support in the right direction.
I visited Richard, a veteran, in his home, provided by the Derventio Housing Trust.
The trust, based in Derby, offers homes for people without them, including those who have served in our armed forces.
Volunteers from Derventio recently renovated a house in the city specifically for veterans.
Does the Minister agree that such support is vital, and will he tell us what the Government are doing to help with the provision of housing, care and support for our veterans in need?
I congratulate the individuals in that trust on supporting the veterans in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I have visited many different parts of the UK and observed the phenomenal volunteer support that veterans often have to rely on.
We want to establish a structure that will focus that support and also direct veterans to the help that they need more quickly and effectively, and we will unveil our plans in due course.
Will the Minister meet me, and other members of the all-party parliamentary group for the armed forces, to discuss rolling out the best practice of some fire authorities to give those who have served our country automatic interviews for relevant roles in the public sector?
It is a brilliant idea that would really benefit my constituents, and I think that all those who have gone above and beyond to serve our country should be served by all of us upon their return.
That is a great initiative.
Service beyond service is something that we should be promoting, and I will take that as best practice, have a look at it and see  whether we can roll it out across the nation, so that when people leave the military they can secure at least a first interview for a role in the fire service, the police, the NHS or any other public services.