May I associate the Opposition with the Secretary of State’s remarks about Paddy Hemingway, the last of the few to whom we owe so much?
On the potential peacekeeping force for Ukraine, we have heard from the Secretary of State that it is jointly British and French.
In fact, in every one of his answers he stressed the amount of work we are doing with France.
Is it therefore not extraordinary that, at the very same time, France should be working to undermine our defence industry by having us excluded from a £150 billion European defence fund, which will include other non-EU states?
The hon.
Gentleman is clearly a glass-half-empty type of guy.
The European Union, when it produced its defence and security white paper last week, set in place specific arrangements for any third nation, such as the UK, that strikes a defence and security partnership with the European Union.
That is exactly what we went to the country with, promising to undertake that as a UK Government.
Any country with a partnership in place then potentially has access to those sorts of programmes and that sort of funding, and that is what we will try to negotiate for this country and our industry.
I can assure the Secretary of State that I am full biftas behind our armed forces and the UK defence industry.
Is not the point that we provide our nuclear deterrent unconditionally to European NATO countries 24/7, our Army is in Estonia defending Europe’s eastern flank, and we have done more than any other European nation to support Ukraine?
Will the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister stand up to President Macron and stress to him that this is the worst possible time to prioritise fishing rights over Europe’s collective security?
I just ask the hon.
Gentleman to drop that Brexit rhetoric.
We are leading efforts with the French Government and the French military to meet the challenge of the US and the requirements of Ukraine to have a coalition of countries willing to stand with Ukraine in the context of a negotiated peace, to help them secure enduring stability and deterrence, to prevent Russia re-invading that sovereign country.
What steps he is taking to ensure that veterans receive adequate support after leaving the armed forces.
What steps he is taking to ensure that veterans receive adequate support after leaving the armed forces.
I have always said that we train people to join the military and to be in the military, but we do not necessarily train them to be a civilian after they leave.
That is why this Government have taken swift action to support veterans upon leaving.
Last month I launched Operation Ascend, which will help veterans thrive into post-service careers.
Our hugely successful career transition partnership has now seen 88% of all veterans leaving straight into employment since October.
We have extended national insurance contributions relief from April 2026 for employers who recruit veterans.
On top of that, this Government have awarded £3.7 million in veterans housing grants.
I am a firm believer that over the past 14 years we did not take enough responsibility for supporting our veterans, and plans that we will unveil in the future will take a step in the right direction to improving that.
I recently visited the Heyford and Bicester veterans group in my constituency, which was set up by Ian Ridley to support fellow veterans throughout the region.
This fantastic initiative brings together a range of services from charities, the NHS and local authorities to support veterans.
However, when speaking to Ian, I was amazed to discover that the group receives no funding from the MOD, and that veterans in our region are not signposted to its services when they leave the armed forces.
I therefore invite the Minister to visit the group with me and see the work that it does, so that we can discuss how to make it more routine for services such as those that it offers to be made available to our fantastic veterans.