My hon.
Friend has made a fair point, and I am happy to give him that undertaking.
I again urge the Secretary of State not to divorce the question of expansion from what has happened here.
Surely what this incident, crippling Europe’s busiest airport, shows us is that we need a better Heathrow, not a bigger Heathrow.
We need to focus on the infrastructure in and around Heathrow, to improve resilience, security and the passenger experience.
While a third runway may not increase the likelihood of such an incident, the impact of such an incident will be all the greater if she continues to put all our aviation eggs in one basket.
Let me assure the hon.
Lady that I am not putting all the country’s aviation eggs in one basket.
At the moment we do not have proposals before us for a third runway at Heathrow.
We will look at those proposals carefully when they are submitted and ensure that any decisions about either the airports national policy statement or any subsequent development consent order are taken in line with our environmental obligations on things such as carbon, air pollution and noise.
Consideration of the resilience of the infrastructure will be part of that.
A “national embarrassment”, a “laughing stock globally”, “shocking”; with memes doing the rounds, those are just some of the words that could be used to describe this weekend’s events at Heathrow.
While right hon.
Members on our Defence Committee and the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy were busy discussing hybrid and cyber-threats from our adversaries, our nation’s biggest port was taken down by a single substation fire.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary agree that, while my Slough constituents and people across the country are not bothered with the blame game that is now under way, this event should be a wake-up call regarding the resilience of our national infrastructure, and there should be no repeat?
This was an unprecedented event and Heathrow stood up its resilience plans swiftly.
Within 18 hours of the fire starting, planes were once again landing at the airport.
For an airport the size of Heathrow, that is no mean feat.
It is right both that an internal review of the airport crisis management and resilience plans takes place, and that the Government have commissioned the review that will be conducted by NESO.