The Minister mentioned both sides of the House.
Revoking the legacy Act would encourage a system of two-tier justice—one for our Army veterans and another for alleged IRA terrorists, including those given so-called letters of comfort by the Blair regime.
With many of those veterans having served in proud regiments that traditionally recruited from red wall northern constituencies, why should a Labour Government assist Gerry Adams to sue the British taxpayer?
How is that supporting those who served their country valiantly on Operation Banner?
Let us be absolutely clear: the right hon.
Gentleman is looking at an individual who served his country on Operation Banner, so I understand the issues for all our veterans and I have been working very hard with the Northern Ireland Office to make sure that veterans’ welfare and legal services are provided, so that anyone involved in any of the investigations gets the support they require and that we can minimise the impact on what is quite a unique group of elderly veterans.
What steps he is taking to strengthen the UK’s defences against threats to undersea infrastructure.
What steps he is taking to strengthen the UK’s defences against threats to undersea infrastructure.
We are committed to maintaining and enhancing the security and resilience of critical undersea infrastructure.
Just as the Defence Secretary called out the activities of the Russian spy ship Yantar hovering over our undersea cables, let those who threaten the UK or our allies be in no doubt that we will defend our undersea infrastructure.
This is one area that the strategic defence review is looking at in order to enhance our homeland security.
In January, I asked the Defence Secretary which single Minister is responsible for the security of offshore infrastructure.
We know that Russia and China target interconnectors and undersea cables, we know that Russia places listening devices on our wind turbines to monitor submarines, and we know that China controls the tech in the turbines that the Energy Secretary wants to buy.
The Defence Secretary could not answer me in January, and neither did the Prime Minister when I asked him earlier this month.
When are we going to find out who is actually in charge?
There is no doubt in my mind that the Prime Minister is responsible for the security of this nation, and he delegates different areas to different Departments.
That is a completely normal way of dealing with our national security.
Let us be absolutely clear: within Defence, we take this seriously and we work with colleagues across Departments to make sure that we are not only securing our infrastructure from a defence perspective, but using our trade routes to make sure that we are protecting and buying the right technology and using our planning system to make sure that, where there is development, it does not impinge on our national security.