Following that last question, can the Secretary of State give us an absolute assurance that nothing in our drive towards green energy and net zero will ever affect the sustainability and safety of our vital transport systems?
I can give the right hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
I am aware that some other Members of this House—not present in the Chamber today—were busy peddling some myths on Friday morning about this issue.
It is clear to me that Heathrow’s back-up power supplies consist of both diesel and electricity generators.
No matter what some other Members might be saying, those systems did work.
I can give the right hon.
Gentleman the assurance that he seeks.
Fires at electricity substations are not unheard of, and it seems that there may have been a considerable lack of preparedness at Heathrow.
When the Secretary of State receives her reviews, will she look into what preparedness there was, and what scenarios those at Heathrow had envisaged for dealing with possible outages of this kind and getting their operations up and running again as quickly as possible?
I think that the Kelly review will be looking at that.
My hon.
Friend makes a fair point about preparedness as well as resilience, which I will be discussing with those at Heathrow in the future.
The level of disruption caused by the fire and the subsequent closure of Heathrow airport have highlighted the importance of reliable aviation connectivity to our daily lives, as well as the fragility of much of our UK infrastructure.
The National Infrastructure Commission published reports in 2020, 2023 and 2024 calling for the Government to implement standards and frameworks for resilience in key sectors such as telecoms, water, transport and energy.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this incident shows how important such standards would be, and will those in the appropriate Department pick up the reports which, I am sure, found their way on to their desks over the weekend and start to implement their recommendations?
I think they are already doing that, because the review of resilience that was announced by the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster last July is looking at the subject in the context of our critical national infrastructure.
I rarely disagree with my right hon.
Friend, but I am not sure that this major incident can be entirely divorced from Heathrow’s plans for a third runway.
It is precisely because it is up against densely populated communities that the effects were so devastating, with tens of thousands of people losing power, hundreds being evacuated, and part of the M4 being closed.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that as part of any consideration of a 50% expansion of Heathrow—which would presumably make problems such as this 50% worse—she will at least look into the risks, and the resilience, that would be consequences of such an expansion?
I doubt that it necessarily follows that an expanded Heathrow that accommodated twice as many flights as it does currently would make an incident such as the one that we saw on Friday any more likely.
This was an unprecedented fire of a significant scale.
However, I can assure my hon.
Friend that before making any decisions about the expansion of Heathrow, we will ensure that any proposals that may be forthcoming comply with all our legislative requirements.