The Hawk aircraft, most famous in the scarlet livery of the Red Arrows, is at the end of its service life.
Can Ministers explain what steps they are taking to ensure that we replace it with a British-built sovereign capability?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that Hawk is due to be out of service in the early 2030s.
We are taking steps to consider what the alternatives might be, and we of will course consider any UK options that exist.
I cannot tell him what the answer to that is yet, but it is under active consideration.
Those who bravely serve in our forces should never lose their say in our country’s future, so I welcome the Government’s swift action to introduce the ability to use the veterans ID card as voter ID.
May I ask the Minister what plans there are to ensure that veterans around the country are aware of this important change?
The veterans ID card is a fantastic initiative that has now been rolled out for most veterans.
We have thousands of applications a week and will continue to endeavour to ensure that they get delivered in the most timely and effective manner.
Anybody who is interested in veterans’ welfare issues or the services available should go to the gov.uk website and type in “veterans support”, and there will be a plethora of different avenues for them to unlock.
Mid Norfolk is a proud rural and military constituency with many employees working at RAF Marham and Swanton Morley barracks, which is home to the Queen’s Dragoon Guards and many cadets and veterans.
A few  years ago, we managed to secure the extension of Swanton Morley barracks, which had been scheduled for closure.
Does the welcome defence surge mean that its closure, slated for 2031, might be reviewed?
I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman an answer right now, but I am certainly happy to look into it and meet him, if he wants a meeting, or write to him.
I have a number of nuclear veterans in my Na h-Eileanan an Iar constituency, as many colleagues do in their constituencies.
What steps are Ministers taking to meet veterans, acknowledge their service and deal with the consequences of their service and their exposure to nuclear material?
I have met nuclear test veterans from two of the main charities, and I will continue to do so regularly to ensure that there is continuity of engagement.
We have promised to do two things.
One is a full and thorough review of the records—not a stovepiped look, but a whole review.
That will take a bit of time, but we will do that in a thorough manner.
The second is consistent engagement to ensure that people are informed of our progress.
President Macron has blocked British firms from the new EU defence fund.
What are the Secretary of State’s views on this act of solidarity?
That is just not accurate.
There is a new proposal for a strategy from the European Union, and it has opportunities for third countries such as the UK to participate.
Our discussions demonstrate the importance of the UK being able to collaborate industrially and as a Government to meet the threats we face.
Does the Secretary of State agree that when we discuss procurement and British-made weapons, we also need to consider our responsibilities and legal duties in relation to the issuing of arms licences?
Does he agree that now is the time to talk about ending all arms sales to Israel?
We keep all our arms exports constantly under review.
We have made decisions on a limited number of exports in relation to Israel.
That position of keeping things under review continues, but we have no plans at this stage to make any change.
Staff Sergeant Peter Cluff died in February 2016, with an in-service designation to that death.
His widow, Kirsty, and his children, Meredith and Heather, were in the benefit of the armed forces pension scheme and remain so.
However, the scheme made a miscalculation and have sent debt collectors to them to try to recover a fairly small sum.
I asked about the matter three months ago and have not had a response from the Department.
Will the Secretary of State or one of his Ministers meet me to discuss this unedifying advert for the Ministry of Defence?
That is a truly harrowing story.
I will absolutely take that on, and we will meet straight after this and get it solved.
The recent report “A Dark Shadow” shone a light on the link between sexual assault and suicidal ideation in the military community.
I was therefore pleased to see the announcement from the MOD last week about the removal of sexual harassment investigations from the chain of command—something for which campaigners and survivors have campaigned for such a long time.
They are also keen to have reassurance, however.
Will the Minister confirm that this is not a continuation of the previous Government’s failed efforts, but a step change in making the process truly independent?
This absolutely is a step change.
A tri-service complaints system, removed from the single services, has been called for for a long time.
We have taken decisive action to do that, and it will move things in the right direction.
Combine that with the violence against women and girls taskforce, and we are double-tapping to ensure that we have the best support for women and, indeed, anyone else in the armed forces.
Concerns have been growing over China’s aggression in the Indo-Pacific region.
Given the strategic importance of the Taiwan strait to global security, what has been the Department’s response to those rising tensions?
We are certainly of the view that any difficulties in the Taiwan strait should be resolved diplomatically, without the use of force or coercion.
The United Kingdom will deploy our carrier strike group to the Indo-Pacific later this year as a projection of our responsibility to the region and to make it clear that difficulties are best resolved diplomatically.
On Friday I was pleased to join colleagues from across the House to hear the Royal Marines band service in concert as part of the Mountbatten festival of music.
May I invite the Government to reaffirm their commitment to the Royal Marines band service?
It makes a huge contribution to defence diplomacy and combat operations.
That is a great question.
The Royal Marine band service is the best band service in our armed forces, and it is absolutely safe under our watch.
It provides a fantastic influence opportunity, as well as essential military services outside the musical profession.
The Defence Secretary should know that the whole House supports the Government’s actions to preserve peace in Ukraine, but that was not the point that the shadow Secretary of State was making.
He was asking whether the Ministry of Defence recognises that it has a duty of care towards soldiers who fight for their country and then face decades of lawfare and the misuse of the European convention on human rights.
Will the Ministry do something to protect those soldiers?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that we are totally committed to our duty of care and to standing by our forces.
We also recognise that the previous Government put in place legislation—the Overseas Operations (Service Personnel and Veterans) Act 2021—to deal with any concerns in this place.
Drug-resistant infections have been rising in Ukraine and remain a challenge in treating wounded soldiers and getting them back to the frontline.
Such infections have also spread outside Ukraine and into Europe.
In the context of conflict, what steps are the Minister and the Department taking to ensure that antimicrobial resistance is appropriately considered in the national security strategy?
It is important that we meet the threats we face, which are not just from state actors but relate to a range of issues.
I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss her interest in this topic further.
This afternoon I was contacted by the father of Theodore, who lives in Grayshott in my constituency.
Theodore wants to go to the Army Foundation College in Harrogate in September, but Capita has not sent the request for his medical record to his local surgery.
Will the Minister look in general at how Capita is performing, and will he ensure in particular that Theodore can attend the foundation college in September?
I commend Theodore for his interest in attending Harrogate.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will happily to look into it.
As he will know, Capita is not continuing the Army recruitment work.
It is being replaced by a new tri-service offer that will come online in 2027.