I think the hon.
Member heard what I said a moment ago.
We regularly engage with EUFOR and the EU delegation in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Indeed, I co-convened a call with Quint members and EU institutions on Friday with my French counterpart, and we are working closely on these very serious matters.
We are also supporting security in Bosnia through our bilateral contributions, including our staff officers in the NATO HQ in Sarajevo.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of Israeli settlements in the west bank.
Israeli settlements are illegal under international law and harm the prospects of a two-state solution.
On  21 March , the UN Security Council made clear that we oppose any attempt to expand settlements in the west bank.
I have been very clear with Israeli Ministers that they must clamp down on settler violence and end settler expansion.
On Saturday night, the Israeli Government announced the approval of an expanded road network in the E1 corridor of the west bank with the stated aim of supporting the development of illegal Israeli settlements in the area.
That area is critical to the territorial integrity of a future Palestinian state.
Previously, unified international pressure has restrained the Israeli Government, so can the Foreign Secretary say how the Government are working with their allies to exert maximum influence on Israel in this matter?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I condemn categorically the development of settlements that are illegal under international law.
Settlements do not offer security to Israel or to Palestinians.
I also condemn calls to annex the west bank, which would lead only to violence and jeopardise prospects for a Palestinian state.
I am clear with Israeli counterparts that settlement expansion must stop.
We will continue to work with our partners to ensure prospects for a Palestinian state.
We have heard Secretary of State after Secretary of State condemn the increase in settlements and settler violence in the west bank over the last 30 or 40 years and it has made not the slightest bit of difference to their expansion.
When will the Foreign Secretary accept that the only  thing that the Israelis will respond to—we should not forget that these settlements are sponsored by the Israeli state—is action?
When can we expect more sanctions, particularly on violent settlers and their organisations?
When can we expect a full trade ban on settlement produce?
In particular, will the Secretary of State consider proscribing those settler organisations that are perpetrating terrorism on an innocent Palestinian population?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
It is important that there is a cross-party position, and successive Ministers of both political parties have condemned expansion and condemned violence.
We continue to work with partners across Europe and beyond on these issues.
I do not say that it is easy.
He will know that I announced sanctions back in October, and we continue to keep these issues under review, but the culture of impunity for those engaged in violence is intolerable.
I remember just a few months ago sitting with Bedouins who had experienced that violence and were being subjected to that expansion—it is horrendous.
That is why in both the UN and our dialogue with the Israeli Government we are clear that that harms the prospects of peace and security for Israel; it does not further its ambitions.
The scenes coming out of Palestine recently have been nothing short of shocking.
Hundreds have been killed in settler violence in the west bank, the brutal torture of Palestinians in Israeli custody is commonplace and the collapse of the ceasefire means that the devastation and human suffering in Gaza has simply continued.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether his Department has received any evidence showing that international law has been violated?
Will he share such evidence and his assessment openly?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
She will know that, in a sober and measured way, the Government had to make our own decision on the exports licensing regime, which was put in place by the last Government, and we assessed that there was a clear risk of a breach of international humanitarian law.
Therefore, we have suspended arms that could be used in Gaza.
That is a decision that Ministers have made from this Dispatch Box under different Governments.
Earlier this year, I visited the west bank with colleagues in the Chamber as part of a parliamentary delegation, where I saw the awful Israeli illegal violence in Hebron and Susya.
We ran into two Israeli settlers who clearly wanted us off the area that they had burned down.
Will the Foreign Secretary go further than he has in condemning that violence by agreeing to full sanctions and an embargo on all Israeli illegal settlements?
Owing to the position of the City of London, that could have a profound impact and stop the violence.
I should make it clear that settlement goods do not benefit from any free trade arrangements that we have with Israel.
Obviously, on  15 October , I announced new sanctions targeting three illegal settler outposts and four organisations that have supported the sponsored violence against communities in the west bank.
What assessment he has made of the value for money of official development assistance spending on in-donor refugee costs.
The Government are tackling the asylum backlog at record pace so that we can work towards ending the use of hotels and ensure that more of our ODA budget is spent on our development priorities globally.
Detailed decisions on how the ODA budget will be allocated are being worked through as part of the ongoing spending review.
The British public increasingly feel that development aid has sadly lost its clarity of purpose.
While I accept that there are multiple objectives behind aid, and that of course lifting the world’s poorest out of poverty has long been at the heart of the FCDO’s mission, a reset in the social contract around development aid is clearly needed.
What consideration has the Minister given to shaping development policy that explicitly addresses the upstream determinants of mass migration?
I agree with much of what my hon.
Friend has said.
Our development efforts, as the Foreign Secretary has said, have never just been about the aid budget.
Peace and security, effective governance, access to private investment, remittance flows, efficient tax systems and access to trade opportunities are all essential foundations for development.
That requires us to mobilise the full force of different resources and expertise across Government, our businesses and in universities, science and beyond.
Does the Minister agree that rather than being used to meet in-donor refugee costs, the official development assistance budget should prioritise tackling extreme poverty?
It is now a year since the OECD development assistance committee’s mid-term review, which showed that the UK had only made good progress on two of the 10 recommendations since the 2020 peer review.
What progress has the FCDO made over the last 12 months in better meeting the committee’s guidance?
The hon.
Lady asks about important matters around spending on in-donor refugee costs.
Thanks to the measures taken by the Home Secretary to reduce the asylum backlog and work towards exiting costly asylum hotels, we expect overall ODA spending on asylum to have been lower in 2024 than in 2023.
There will always be some unpredictability, but we expect the actions to continue reducing in-donor refugee costs in this Parliament.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of planned reductions to the official development assistance budget on efforts to tackle infectious diseases.