The Government have finally admitted to front-loading payments to Mauritius for their surrender deal, caving in to Prime Minister Ramgoolam’s demands since he took office in November.
Yet they still refuse to disclose the amount or clarify which budgets will cover the lease, economic partnership and Chagossian trust fund.
Why the secrecy?
Will the Minister disclose the details now?
Will he also confirm whether the statement from the Prime Minister of Mauritius is correct in saying that concessions have been made, including the loss of sovereign rights on Diego Garcia and of unilateral lease renewal provisions?
When will this horrific deal finally come to Parliament, and what time will be provided to debate it?
Or, better still, why does the Minister not dump the deal completely and keep Chagos British?
The hon.
Member neglects to remind the House that it was his Government who started negotiations on this matter, because they recognised that our national security interests and those of our allies were under threat.
A financial element was crucial to protecting the operation of that crucial base.
Once the treaty is signed, and after ratification in the usual way, it will be put before both Houses for scrutiny, and it will of course include costs.
The Government will not scrimp on our security.
Protecting the British people is our No. 1 priority.
What steps he is taking with the Chancellor of the Exchequer to provide funding for urgent repairs to his Department’s overseas estates.
The UK’s diplomatic estate directly supports the delivery of this Government’s missions.
Maintenance of the diplomatic estate, with an emphasis on safety and security for staff and visitors, has been a core priority for the Department during ongoing discussions with the Treasury about the spending review.
The maintenance and upkeep of the 6,000 properties that constitute the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office’s overseas estate is estimated to cost £250 million a year.
In recent years, that has been funded through the sale of assets.
Drawdown on the receipts of those sales is due to run out either this year or next, and the Department has previously made it clear that there is no more family silver to sell.
My question to the Minister is this: what conversations have been had with the Treasury about a long-term sustainable funding model for the estate, and if the Treasury is not forthcoming with the money, what cuts does the Department intend to make?
After the fire sale of assets by the former Government in 2010, the FCDO has been focusing on how to make good its estate.
Now that that money is exhausted, the FCDO has developed a new estates prioritisation tool to ensure that finite resources are targeted at places of greatest need and weighted towards mitigating health and safety and security risks.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the UK’s contribution to the European Union Force Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The European Union Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina is key to maintaining peace and security there.
Although the UK does not contribute to the mission, we are committed to supporting Bosnia and Herzegovina through NATO and our bilateral defence co-operation, and we are open  to exploring enhanced co-operation with the EU, including through operations and missions as we strengthen the UK-EU security and defence relationship, including in the western Balkans.