Of all the horrors that Vladimir Putin has inflicted on Ukraine, the abduction of more than 20,000 Ukrainian children is one of the most vile.
It threatens to rob Ukraine of its future, which is surely Putin’s ultimate goal.
The Prime Minister praised the work of Kyiv’s Bring Kids Back initiative last week.
Will the Foreign Secretary now commit to the UK filling the funding gap left by the Trump Administration’s withdrawal of funding for Yale’s humanitarian research lab, so that it can continue to research Russia’s war crimes, especially to track the whereabouts of these children, so that they can be brought back home?
It was important for me to meet Madam Zelensky to discuss this issue when I was last in Ukraine.
The Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , also met the relevant Minister in Ukraine to discuss this issue just a few days ago.
I can absolutely give an undertaking to continue to support the group.
It is not our assessment that we can meet the shortfall left by the withdrawal of USAID—United States Agency for International Development—funding, but we will continue to work with partners across Europe on this important issue, which is very personal to me.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure that Israel allows aid into Gaza.
Aid should never be used as a political tool.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear to the House on  20 March , blocking humanitarian aid into Gaza is appalling and unacceptable.
Israel must allow aid into Gaza immediately.
The Foreign Secretary made that clear to Israeli Foreign Minister Sa’ar on  21 March  and issued a joint statement with his French and German counterparts on  5 March .
Gaza is the deadliest place in the world to be an aid worker.
More than 400 aid workers have been killed in the conflict.
Restoring the ceasefire remains the best chance to see hostages released, allow a surge of humanitarian aid and bring this bloodshed to an end.
It is clear from the Chamber this morning that we all despair at the recent breakdown of the ceasefire agreement, the resumption of hostilities  and the blockade of aid into Gaza.
We now have warnings of an unprecedented humanitarian disaster in the Gaza strip, which is hard to imagine after what we have already seen there.
The Minister mentioned the conversations that have been had with Israel.
First, can he assure me that we are making it clear that the only way we will achieve a lasting peace is through a two-state solution, which will not achieved by subjecting people to such hardship?
Secondly, what conversations are ongoing with allies about restoring aid drops directly into Gaza?
I can confirm that we say regularly to our Israeli counterparts, and indeed to all others in the region, that the only route out of these horrors is a two-state solution, an outcome that provides for the safety, security and dignity of both peoples.
We are talking with our partners about what might be done to try to ensure aid gets into Gaza through whatever means are at our disposal, but at the core, Israel must relax the restrictions and allow aid into Gaza.
That is the way to get the scale of aid that is required into the strip.
During the ceasefire, we saw a massive increase in aid, and that is what we want to do.
With continued aerial bombardments impacting the flow of aid into Gaza, will the Foreign Secretary confirm whether UK-made F-35 parts have been used to enable air strikes in Gaza since  18 March ?
To clarify my previous answer, the Foreign Secretary spoke to Foreign Minister Sa’ar on  5 March , not  21 March .
In response to the question asked by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) , we will continue to press these issues with the Israeli Government.
It is clear to the House that we have not succeeded, over these long months, in ensuring the level of aid into Gaza that we would like to see, or had the protections for humanitarian workers that we want to see.
Deconfliction, with humanitarian aid workers, is a vital part of ensuring their security, and we are pressing the Israelis to do so.
What steps he is taking to increase the understanding of and respect for the right to self-determination globally.
The United Kingdom is committed to promoting and protecting human rights and the rule of law, and the right to self-determination is set out in the international covenant on civil and political rights.
Some 700,000 people in Washington DC are currently disenfranchised because their representatives in the Senate and the House of Representatives do not have voting rights or full control of local government affairs.
It is the equivalent of everyone in Bedfordshire voting for MPs who have no chance of going through the voting Lobby.
Does the Minister agree that that is a particularly strange anomaly?
This is not a matter for us.
The United States is a sovereign, democratic nation, and the issue of voting rights in the District of Columbia is a matter for the United States.
In the interests of self-determination, will the Foreign Secretary take the earliest opportunity to remind his opposite number in the United States that Canada has chosen to be a member state of the Commonwealth, that the Head of the Commonwealth and the Head of State of Canada is His Majesty King Charles, and that there is no prospect whatsoever of Canada being annexed by the United States?
Canada is a strong friend and Commonwealth ally.
It is a NATO ally and a fellow G7 member.
I have strong ties with Canada myself, as the right hon.
Gentleman might know.
I was delighted to reiterate our friendship when I met my ministerial counterpart the other week; Prime Minister Carney, the new Canadian Prime Minister, was welcomed by the Prime Minister; and in recent weeks, the Foreign Secretary has been meeting with his counterpart.
We continue to work strongly with Canada on many global issues.
What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on that country's military presence in the west bank.
We are concerned at the expansion of the Government of Israel’s war aims and operations in the west bank.
I made clear my serious concerns on the continuing Israeli operations when I spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar on  5 March , as the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , said, but also on  21 March .
We are clear that civilians must be protected and the destruction of civilian infrastructure minimised.
It emerged today that a 17-year-old Palestinian boy who had been taken from the west bank has died in Israeli detention, having been held for 6 months without charge.
Israel has been striking inside the west bank, and in doing so emboldening illegal settlers in their own violence.
Given that Israel claims that it is targeting Hamas and not the people of Palestine itself, what specific actions is the Foreign Secretary taking to protect Palestinians in the west bank from both settler violence and Israeli forces?
The hon.
Lady will know that we are giving considerable support to the Palestinian Authority in the west bank.
We are in regular contact with President Abbas and Prime Minister Mustafa in relation to the west bank.
She has heard our concerns about both the violence and the expansion that is taking place in the west bank.
In my conversations with Ministers, I have heard legitimate concerns about security on the Israeli side and the way that Iran, sitting behind the scenes, is equipping some terrorist groups with guns and ammunition.
We have to do our best to support Israel in standing up to that.