I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are following steps closely.
The Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , will be meeting civil society groups today.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds North East (Fabian Hamilton)  will know that we have allocated £160 million to support recovery and stability through lifesaving and other such assistance.
Clearly, the recent violence was incredibly horrific and alarming.
We will continue to work with the new Government as best we can to ensure that we get the inclusive political transition that we all want to see.
The Foreign Secretary will know that this is a five-year draft constitution.
Does he share my concern that the legislative, Executive and judicial separation of powers in it need to be beefed up?
The appointment of the new Government appears, prima facie, to be inclusive, but does he agree that the people’s committee also needs to be inclusive given that it will be mostly appointed by the President?
Clearly, it is welcome that the new Government have moved in this direction.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that we recognise our skills in governance and in working with allies and partners, and we will use that strength to help to support the new Government.
We are aware of his concerns and we will work with the new Government to get that better separation that he wants.
Whether any costs arising from the proposed treaty with Mauritius on the sovereignty of the Chagos Islands will be met by his Department.
The UK-Mauritius treaty, which enables the continued operation of the base on Diego Garcia, is still subject to finalisation and signature.
Financial obligations arising from the agreement, including departmental budgetary responsibilities, will be managed responsibly within the Government’s fiscal framework, including through the upcoming spending review.
Oh dear, Madam Deputy Speaker, that is not the answer to the question that I asked.
Perhaps the Minister has brought the wrong file with him.
My question was very simple and it is one to which the British people deserve an answer.
The Government are planning to give away sovereign British territory along with billions of pounds to Mauritius.
The money was not referred to in the spring statement or in the Budget.
Where is it coming from?
I have answered questions on that matter a number of times in this House.
This Government will not scrimp on security.
The base on Diego Garcia will be secured for ourselves and our allies.
Protecting the British people and our allies is our No. 1 priority, and full details will be provided in due course.