Yesterday was the anniversary of the attempted genocide of the Azerbaijani people by the Armenians, and I am sure the whole House will issue its condolences for that purpose.
In the newly liberated territories of Nagorno-Karabakh, hundreds of mines are still being cleared by hand.
What action will the Government offer to support Azerbaijan in removing those mines so that the land can be used for beneficial purposes?
The hon.
Gentleman rightly raises the issue of mines.
He will know the important role that this country has played in de-mining efforts around the world.
I am very happy to write to him with the details of where we are on that in relation to Azerbaijan, and we have discussed that with them on a number of occasions.
The most important thing is that we continue to work towards the signing of that peace agreement between Azerbaijan and Armenia so that the people of those two countries, with which we have strong relationships, can live in peace and harmony alongside one another.
When he plans to present to Parliament the proposed treaty with Mauritius on the sovereignty of the Chagos islands.
When he plans to present to Parliament the proposed treaty with Mauritius on the sovereignty of the Chagos islands.
As we and Mauritius have repeatedly said, including in joint statements on  20 December  and  13 January , both sides remain committed to concluding a deal on the future of the Chagos archipelago that protects the long-term effective operation of the joint UK-US base on Diego Garcia.
Once the treaty is signed, it will be put to Parliament for scrutiny before ratification in the usual way.
Given that there is no binding legal basis for the ceding of the Chagos islands and that the deal will cost the hard-pressed British taxpayer north of £9 billion, £18 billion or possibly £50 billion a year, will the Secretary of State confirm what total financial liabilities will be brought to the UK and whether they will be funded from the uplift in the defence budget announced in the spring statement?
I have answered those questions on a number of occasions, including earlier.
I have been very clear that a financial element is crucial to protect the operation of such a vital base for our security and for the security of our allies.
Once the treaty is signed, it will be put before the Houses for scrutiny before ratification in the usual way, and that will include costs.
We will not scrimp on security: protecting our interests and those of our allies is the most important thing.
Politics is about choices, and the speculation about how much the Government want to hand over to Mauritius starts at £9 billion.
That money would go a long way as official development assistance, so does the Minister regret that choice?
As I have said, a financial element—let us remember that this is over 99 years—was crucial to protect the operation of the base.
If we do not pay for our security, somebody else might attempt to get in there.
That is one crucial reason we have worked closely with Mauritius, the United States and other allies and partners, including India, to protect our base on Diego Garcia.
It is a sell-out.
I can hear the chuntering from the shadow Minister, but it is simply not correct—we are protecting Diego Garcia, our interests there and our national security.
I am afraid that I simply do not accept what he is saying, and of course, if there was not a problem, why did his Government start the negotiations in the first place?
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Yesterday in Madrid, I discussed with counterparts strengthening Ukraine’s hand.
With Mr Speaker in Kyiv yesterday, the House is united on Ukraine.
One year on from the appalling Israel Defence Forces strike on the World Central Kitchen convoy that killed James Kirby, John Chapman and James Henderson, I am sure that the whole House mourns their loss and calls for accountability.
We will keep demanding protection for all civilians and aid workers in Gaza, and will strive to restore the ceasefire, free hostages and end the war.
Research published by UNICEF shows that last time the overseas aid budget was cut, support for children—for their education and nutrition—was cut the deepest.
Will the Foreign Secretary give assurances to this House that this time, children will not bear the brunt of his cuts, and will he commit to protect child-focused development programmes?
The last time that the development budget was cut, it was cut overnight.
The Government abolished the Department for International Development, leading to terrible cliff edges and badly damaging our reputation in the world.
We are not throwing the money that we have had to withdraw from development into a black hole, as the last Government did; we are investing in hard power.
The hon.
Lady will recognise that the war in Ukraine has cost the continent of Africa upwards of £7 billion.
For that reason, it is important that we invest in hard power and diplomacy, and that we continue to invest in development.
We will still be the sixth biggest development partner.
The  co-operative movement has a long and proud history of helping to rebuild local economies post-conflict.
In this UN International Year of Co-Operatives, will the Minister agree to meet me and representatives of the co-operative movement to discuss the ways in which Governments can promote co-operation as a solution on the global stage?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and his colleagues, not least as a Co-operative MP.
I have seen the important work that co-operatives do around the world, and we continue to support them, including by funding the global agriculture and food security programme, which has a dedicated support facility for smallholder producer organisations.
We regularly meet those who are involved in co-operative solutions on a range of matters, so I would be delighted to discuss those matters with my hon.
Friend and other colleagues.