I have to say that I am none the wiser about what exactly has happened.
If we are to ensure that this will not happen again—that these deadlines will be met—we need to know how we got into this position.
It may well be the fault of the previous Government.
Will this Government commit to a full review of exactly how we got here, so that we can ensure that the published deadlines are met this time?
The Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee makes a good point, as she so often does, about what went on previously.
This is an issue from the McCloud judgment that runs across many Departments.
It was a problem under previous Governments, starting with the coalition Government.
I know that the Public Accounts Committee, on which I served, and the Treasury Committee have looked at the matter over time.
The Department will certainly co-operate with any inquiry and investigate what happened across Government.
I am happy to get back to the hon.
Lady on that point.
This issue appears to be yet another example of the hangover left by the previous Conservative Government.
Does the Minister agree that part of getting the NHS back on its feet includes cleaning up this mess and cutting waiting lists, which have already dropped for five months in a row?
My hon.
Friend makes absolutely the right point.
As I have said, Lord Darzi has helpfully outlined the breadth of the mess that we inherited back in July, and it makes for stark reading.
We have still not had an apology from the Conservative party, so I am happy to take an intervention now if anybody decides to provide one.
In these issues, we are seeing the depth  of the destruction that the Conservatives have caused widely across Government.
We will continue to fix that on behalf of the British people.
I declare my interest as a practising doctor and a public sector pensioner who has been through the McCloud process.
Does the Minister understand that we will not improve productivity in the NHS as far as doctors are concerned if they continue to retire routinely in their mid-50s—in their prime?
They do so because their accountants tell them that they would be foolish not to, given the fiscal environment and the structure of the NHS pension scheme.
I understand that point.
Obviously, it is a source of much discussion.
The change came about during the pandemic to encourage people to return to work, and it is a complex issue.
We want to continue to use the skills of doctors at all stages of their careers, and we shall continue to work with them, the British Medical Association and others to make sure that there is no detriment to their returning to service in the NHS.
I declare an interest as a member of the NHS pension scheme.
Can the Minister confirm that this issue arose only because the previous Government carried out their NHS pension reforms in a way that was found to be age discriminatory?
More widely, does she agree that giving NHS staff the terms and conditions and the reward and recognition that they deserve also requires prompt action each year on agreeing the NHS pay award, which the Conservative party routinely failed to do when in Government?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point on our commitment to staff to be clear on their terms and conditions, and our commitment to honouring that reward.
That is why we acted promptly when we came into office.
We have issued statements and provided answers to parliamentary questions to make sure that people are clear about the system and that we are transparent.
It takes rather a long time to train a doctor—up to six years—so it is a good job that the previous Government had the opportunity to train more doctors.
Will the Minister look at one aspect of concern, which is that if doctors start reducing their overtime hours because of fiscal aspects, it will hamper the opportunity to get more patients treated and to shorten the length of waiting lists?
As I said in response to  the right hon.
Member for South West Wiltshire (Dr Murrison) , we understand that, and we will continue to work with all staff in the NHS to make sure that we deliver on our commitment to reduce waiting lists, which were left at a shocking level by the previous Government.
I have a constituent who is suffering both financial and emotional distress as a result of these circumstances.
I wrote to the NHS Business Services Authority, and it took four months to get a response.
In written questions to the Government, I have asked how I might make representations about  my constituent being affected by financial distress.
The response that I received from Ministers simply said that NHSBSA has all the evidence that it needs, and there is no need for anyone to provide extra evidence.
There is a very real risk that some people who are affected by this are suffering financial distress but have not been identified by NHSBSA.
For those people, can the Minister please outline what mechanism we as Members can use to make those people known to NHSBSA, so that they can access their pension choice earlier?
I am sorry to hear about the emotional and financial distress of the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
If there is a gap, I am happy to go back to the NHSBSA on her behalf and make sure that I update the House.
Does the Minister have full confidence in the chair of the NHS Business Services Authority?
As I said in my statement, we have confidence in the business authority to undertake the actions that I have outlined.