I very much recognise that funding over that period has supported many children and families and helped them towards a stable family life.
I have in recent weeks heard many more stories of how important the adoption and special guardianship support fund has been to many, and I pay tribute to the Members from all parts of the House who have been advocates and champions for adopted children and children in special guardianship placements in their constituencies.
I very much appreciate that the delay in confirming the continuation of this fund has been a very difficult time for many.
I am especially concerned about children and families, because many of those whom the adoption and special guardianship support fund supports are in great need of continued help.
I also recognise that there has been an impact on providers of therapy, who have not been able to plan and prepare for the year ahead in the way they would have liked.
However, the Department has been clear with local authorities and regional adoption agencies about transitional funding arrangements, which means that therapy that started in the last financial year can continue into 2025-26, even ahead of full 2025-26 budget announcements.
Appropriate transitional funding has been agreed for a significant number of children.
I regret the delay in making this announcement, but I am happy to confirm today that £50 million has been allocated for the adoption and special guardianship support fund this year.
We will be announcing further details to the House in the coming days and opening applications to families and children across our country as soon as we can.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for granting this urgent question; I thank you especially on behalf of the thousands of vulnerable children, their adoptive parents and kinship carers who rely on the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
I declare an interest as vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on kinship care and co-chair of the APPG on children.