I am a simple soul, so I trust the Foreign Secretary completely.
Will he assure me that nothing in the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, which we are debating only this afternoon, will in any way nullify Brexit by limiting our ability to make our own decisions on regulation and to conduct our own free trade deals?
Above all, as a great British patriot, will he assure me that nothing in the Bill will allow any Minister to ever abolish that most glorious of British symbols: the great British pint?
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that the British pint is safe under this Government, but I will write to him about the detail in the coming days.
What discussions are taking place with China about Jingye, the Chinese owner of British Steel, which last week rejected a generous offer from the Government to put the industry on a stable footing?
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that, given the importance of this strategic industry, Jingye should return to the table and agree a deal, and that if it will not do so, we ought to step in to ensure that British steel is made in Britain?
I have regular conversations with the Business Secretary.
As the Minister for Industry made clear on Thursday, this Government believe in the UK steel sector.
We have prioritised engagement with British Steel, and have made a generous conditional offer of financial support.
We remain in negotiations with the company and trade unions to secure the best possible outcome.
What further information did the Foreign Secretary have that led him to make a decision that differed from the detailed objections of the police, the security services and our allies, and to support the new Chinese super-embassy?
Will he share that information with the House?
The hon.
Gentleman must have missed the letter that the Home Secretary and I, quite properly, wrote to the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, who, acting in her quasi-judicial capacity, has a decision to make.
We were clear about the fact that security interests are paramount, and we made our views very plain so that they could be considered.
Last Monday, 24 March, another two journalists were killed in Gaza.
More than 200 journalists have been killed there since 7 October 2023.
In addition, last week saw the arrests of both BBC and Swedish journalists, as well as many local journalists covering the unrest in Turkey.
What are the Government doing to protect the role of journalists—regardless of nationality—who are showcasing what is going on in conflict zones?
Whether in Gaza, Turkey or elsewhere, it is essential for journalists to be able to do their job.
We are incredibly proud of the BBC and all the other UK outlets overseas that play a vital role in holding power to account, and we will continue to support them.
Fifty-nine Israeli hostages are being held by Hamas in Gaza, having been kidnapped in the Hamas terrorist attack of 7 October 2023.
Only 24 are thought to be still alive, and we know from released hostages that they have been starved and tortured, chained in tunnels.
They have not seen sunlight for 543 days.
What are the UK Government doing to bring them home?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
All those hostages need to come home, which is why we need to get back to the ceasefire and why we must continue to stand with hostage families.
Let me reassure the hon.
Lady: I spoke to the United States envoy, Steve Witkoff, on Friday evening to obtain an update on the conversations that are taking place, and Egypt and Qatar are playing an important role in getting back to that ceasefire and getting Hamas to do what they should do.
It was interesting to see Palestinians taking to the streets to campaign against Hamas and the way in which that they are holding the Palestinian people ransom at this time.
HIV/AIDS has killed 40 million people across the world and remains a major threat to public health, but over the weekend the House Foreign Affairs Committee Majority account posted a gloating, sickening tweet including an image of the coffin representing the closure of USAID, which, according to experts, will lead to a tenfold increase in the number of deaths from HIV/AIDS.
Will the Minister reaffirm that notwithstanding the recklessness of the Trump Administration, this Government remain committed to working to end AIDS as a public health threat by 2030?
Obviously, USAID is a matter for the US Government.
However, I absolutely assure my hon.
Friend that we are committed to the 2030 target.
He will know, from my long time campaigning on these issues, of the importance that I, and indeed the Foreign Secretary, place on this issue.
When it comes to global public health, we know that nobody wins unless everybody wins, and that an infectious disease elsewhere on the planet can affect us here as well.
What steps is the Department taking to secure funding for overseas development projects involving diseases that will specifically be a risk to the UK, including in relation to antimicrobial resistance?
The hon.
Gentleman makes important points.
He will know that we make important contributions to the Global Fund and other bodies on global health.
We remain committed to global health as part of our development spending, even despite the difficult decisions we are having to make, and I hear what he has to say.
More than half the countries that have submitted UN biodiversity plans have not yet released plans for how they will protect 30% of land and sea for nature, despite agreeing to do so at COP15.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure more countries develop plans to protect at least 30% of land and sea?
The Government remain strongly committed to tackling the international climate and nature crises.
The UK played a key role at the COP16 biodiversity conference, and we are working closely with a wide range of partners to build global ambition on nature ahead of London Climate Action Week in June and COP30 in Brazil.
In February, the Foreign Secretary rightly criticised America’s aid cuts.
Two weeks later, he was humiliated by his own Prime Minister when his departmental budget was smashed to bits.
What is he doing to re-establish his and his Department’s credibility on the world stage, so we can once again have genuine influence internationally?
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that this Government have not made an ideological decision to cut aid, and he knows that.
There are other Governments around the world making ideological decisions to cut aid.
This Government did not make the decision that the last Government made to switch off aid overnight.
We are ensuring that there are no cliff edges.
He will know—and I know he knows this—that investing in hard power also saves lives and acts as a deterrence in our own country and across much of the world.
Last week, BBC reporter Mark Lowen was arrested and deported from Turkey after covering the ongoing protest movement, as part of a broader crackdown on journalists.
This followed the arrest of President Erdoğan’s leading political rival.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit to conveying the concerns of this House to his Turkish counterpart at the earliest opportunity?
The UK is a staunch supporter of democracy, the rule of law and media freedom.
The Government have raised recent events in Turkey with our counterparts at a number of levels.
Most recently, on  29 March  I spoke to my Turkish counterpart, Hakan Fidan, to raise our expectation that Turkey upholds its international commitments and the rule of law, and that it protects the fundamental rights to free speech, peaceful assembly and media freedom, including in the treatment of British journalists reporting there.
Are the British Government going to act, as the French and American Governments have done, to support Morocco’s autonomy plan for Western Sahara?
We continue to have discussions with our Moroccan friends.
This is a complex issue.
The position remains the position we had under the last Government.
Of course, we keep that under review as we continue to discuss these issues in the region.