Last month, the Foreign Secretary gave a speech on trade, but could not explain how much growth would follow the measures he announced, if any.
What role is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office actually playing in supporting the trade negotiations with the United States?
What discussions has the Foreign Secretary personally undertaken about the trade agreement, and can he confirm that this will be the comprehensive trade deal that the Conservative Government were negotiating?
No, because the Conservative Government badly failed in their negotiations with the US.
We are engaged in intense conversations at this time to strike an economic agreement, and we are also continuing discussions with our Indian counterparts about a trade deal and with the Gulf, picking up from the last Government’s failure to land the trade deals that will deliver growth to this country.
In coming into the Foreign Office, it has been essential that I position it as the international delivery arm for growth—all our missions recognise this.
I have announced measures that include working much more closely with business—measures that should have been introduced under the last Government.
We know that the Labour Government continue to cosy up to the Chinese Communist party because they are desperately seeking growth.
[Interruption.]
Labour Members might want to listen.
The Government are unwilling to stop solar panels made by Uyghur slave labour coming into the UK; they are unable to stop China putting bounties on the heads of Hongkongers living here; and they are failing to put China on the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain how our economic and security interests are being served by the Labour Government’s alleged reset with the CCP Government?
The right hon.
Lady uses the phrase CCP almost as if to suggest that I am some sort of communist.
The last Government had 17 different approaches to China.
They bounced around so much—there was the Iain Duncan Smith position, the Rishi Sunak position and the Liz Truss position—that we lost count of how many positions they took.
We have been clear that there are areas where we will co-operate with China, areas where we will challenge China and areas where we must necessarily compete.
It is right that we engage with China.
Closing our ears and pretending they are not there is no strategy.
That is why the Government have changed from the strategy of the last Government.
Order.
The Foreign Secretary does not need to be reminded that we reference sitting Members not by their names, but by their constituencies.
As has already been mentioned in the Chamber this morning, a year ago today, my constituent, John Chapman, was murdered by the Israel Defence Forces while working for World Central Kitchen, delivering humanitarian aid in Gaza.
His family now want to know when the Israeli Government will bring criminal charges against  the perpetrators, when the family will be awarded compensation for their tragic loss, and what our Government are doing to ensure that justice prevails.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
Last month, I pressed Foreign Minister Sa’ar to conclude the Military Advocate General’s consideration of the World Central Kitchen incident, including determining whether criminal proceedings should be initiated.
I have met the families of those killed in the attacks and assured them that this Government will continue to support their calls for justice.
Gaza is the most dangerous place in the world to be an aid worker, with more than 400 killed since the start of this conflict.
We need to see lasting safety improvements for aid workers on the ground, and that would be a fitting legacy for those British individuals who have lost their lives.