I have extended the deadlines for the NHS Business Services Authority to issue statements to ensure that members have enough time to make informed decisions.
Once members have received statements, they will be able to use a tool provided by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to retrospectively adjust their annual allowance between 2015-16 and 2022-23.
Separately, the original deadline to issue the 137,000 remediable pension savings statements was  6 October .
The NHS Business Services Authority issued statements to 57,000 members by this deadline, of which 23,000 were found to contain incorrect information; these have since been recalculated and reissued.
The NHS Business Services Authority is working to issue outstanding statements as quickly as possible.
A revised delivery timetable has been developed and shared with trade unions and employer representatives.
By the end of March, 106,000 statements had been issued.
Statements for 11,000 members will be produced once further information has been received from their employers.
The remaining 20,000 statements require additional manual input from the NHS Business Services Authority before they can be produced, and will be issued in July.
There have been delays on all sides, which we have been aware of since last July.
In fact, the Department had escalated issues of design with the previous Government, as I am sure the hon.
Gentleman understands.
We know that this matter is really important and that there are high numbers of high earners in the NHS, which is why we have taken the decision to be open and transparent about the timeline that we can now commit to, having worked tirelessly to reduce the delays.
Although these delays will cause inconvenience to some members, I have been crystal clear that no one will face any financial detriment as a consequence.
Compensation arrangements are in place for direct financial losses, certain HMRC interest charges, and the costs of financial and accountancy advice.
The Government do acknowledge the impact of the delays on affected members.
We are working hard to issue outstanding statements and to protect members from any financial detriment the delays may cause.
What is going on with NHS pensions administration under this Government?
I declare an interest as someone with an NHS pension.
Today, the Government have missed the statutory deadline for  issuing remediable service statements to doctors, and they are now pushing the deadlines back to December 2026.
In mid-March, the Government confirmed that just 21 statements had been issued out of 380,000; as of yesterday’s written statement, there are still more than 370,000 outstanding.
This creates huge tax liability uncertainties.
We and the British Medical Association have been raising concerns for months.
Why has it taken the Government so long to act?
Ministers have announced a revised delivery plan, but how will it work in practice?
Will there be more staff to help with the backlog?
What changes are being put in place to ensure that the deadline is not missed again?
What was most concerning, however, was the complete absence of any mention of the remediable pension savings statements in the written statement.
This issue really matters, as doctors who are taking on overtime or who work privately rely on these statements to be able to track their contributions and avoid excessive tax bills.
According to Dr Sharma from the BMA, “There’s no doubt that without up-to-date information, doctors will be pre-emptively reducing or turning down extra work to avoid additional pension…bills that they might not even be due.”
The statutory deadline for the 137,000 statements was, as we heard,  6 October 2024 .
In February, Ministers confirmed that 60,000 were outstanding and that the majority would be issued by the end of February; by March, however, the backlog had actually grown to 70,000.
Can the Minister explain how two legal deadlines have been missed?
Will the Government be following up with the regulator to ensure that this does not happen again?
Do the Government have confidence in the NHS Business Services Authority?
With the Secretary of State abolishing NHS England, what does this mean for the future of this vital organisation?
We all want to see waiting lists fall, but as one newspaper put it today, “Labour’s pledge to slash NHS waiting lists is being sabotaged by a litany of administrative errors, pension delays and punitive tax rules.”
I urge the Government to take swift action.
As I outlined in my response and in the written ministerial statement, we have taken action.
We were made aware of some of these problems when we came into office in July, and we have pushed the NHS Business Services Authority to move faster than it would have done under the hon.
Gentleman’s Government, so that action is happening quicker than it would have done before.
We do have faith in the NHS Business Services Authority to get on with this and ensure that there is no financial detriment, in line with the timetable outlined yesterday, and as I have further made clear today.
Madam Deputy Speaker, the hon.
Gentleman could have asked me more about waiting lists, which have fallen for the last five months in a row.
He could have asked me about the 2 million more appointments that have been provided to deliver for patients seven months early.
He could have asked me about the hundreds more GPs who are now working in the health service, or the impact of cancelling the strikes on services for people, or the record funding.
In fact, last week in the Chamber he spoke on behalf of the National Pharmacy Association; this week, he could have congratulated the Minister for Care, who is sitting next to me, on the agreement to produce more pharmacy services.
We are making improvements to the NHS every day.
The Darzi report reported not only the breadth but the depth of the decline that we inherited.
We are resolving that, and fixing the fundamentals of the NHS.