Our thoughts continue to be with the hostages held in Hamas captivity in Gaza and with their families.
What recent contact has the Minister had with counterparts in Israel, America and our partners in the region to secure their release and broker a way through this impasse?
What steps are being taken across Government to address the threats to stability posed by Iran?
How does the Minister envisage the removal of Hamas from the governance of Gaza?
On the shadow Foreign Secretary’s important first point, we are, as she would expect, in regular contact with all those involved in negotiations.
The Foreign Secretary spoke to the Israeli Foreign Minister last week.
I have been in regular contact with the Qataris, who are doing important work in this file.
As she would expect, we continue to be in touch with the hostage families, whose concern I know the Chamber continues to share.
On the threats posed by Iran, we speak to the relevant players in the region and to the E3.
As I said in response to an earlier question, the Foreign Secretary spoke to the Iranian Foreign Minister last week and underlined that we continue to support a diplomatic resolution to the tensions with Iran.
We do not want to see Iran secure a nuclear weapon.
We believe that a diplomatic solution is the best way to achieve that, but we will hold the snap-back of sanctions, and indeed many other measures, under review until we are satisfied.
What steps he is taking to support Ukraine.
What steps his Department is taking to support Ukraine.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office is leading international efforts to keep up the pressure on Russia through more than 2,200 sanctions, which have helped to reduce Russia’s oil revenue by 25% between January and November 2024 compared with two years prior.
We are of course also working hard to co-ordinate allies.
Just yesterday I was in Madrid discussing these issues with European counterparts, and later this week I will be at the NATO Foreign Ministers conference, where the Ukrainians will be as well.
I am incredibly proud that, since the onset of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, Wrexham has welcomed many Ukrainian families.
Among them are Yaroslav and Oksana, who had long dreamed of opening a café in their home town of Chortkiv.
Despite the war preventing them from realising that dream at home, they now own a thriving business on Wrexham High Street.
How are the Government continuing to support Ukrainian families who play a big part in communities across Britain, as well as those who, at some point in the future, may wish to return to Ukraine when the situation allows?
I am proud that the British people across our country have opened their homes and their hearts to Ukrainians fleeing Russia’s brutal war.
The Homes for Ukraine scheme has helped more than 160,000 Ukrainians to find refuge here, and since  4 February , Ukrainian refugees can apply to remain for an additional 18 months while continuing to receive vital support.
As the Foreign Secretary knows, we have substantial engagement with, and deployment to, Estonia.
Talk of peace in Ukraine is of course welcome and Britain should play its role in supporting that peace, but does he accept that any deployment of British troops to Ukraine increases the risk to the UK and its forces in Estonia?
The hon.
Gentleman should know that the UK’s commitment to the security of Estonia is iron-clad, and made real by our NATO forward land forces deployment.
Discussions regarding how our military can support Ukraine’s future security arrangements are ongoing, including with NATO allies and Secretary-General Rutte.
Part of the discussion for countries committed to the coalition of the willing is about ensuring that those countries on the frontline are not left without adequate support.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue.