It is very clear from Ministers’ answers that we still have no indication about which programmes and where will be affected by the planned reductions to ODA and from when exactly the cuts will be effective.
We are told to wait for the spending review, but many organisations, including those tackling infectious diseases, are left to face uncertainty and to work at risk.
Will the Minister tell us what instructions have been issued to his Department’s humanitarian aid programmes about what they are expected to do between now and the spending review in June?
We clearly have difficult decisions to make, but the FCDO is not pausing all ODA programming and not creating a cliff edge in this year.
We are focusing on ensuring that every pound will be spent in the most impactful way in the new context.
That is a very difficult decision, as the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and I have set out.
We will set out the details in due course, but we are listening closely to Members in this House and, indeed, to the many partners and stakeholders we work with on these important issues.
If he will amend the memorandum of understanding between Indonesia and the UK on a strategic partnership on critical minerals, published on 29 November 2024, to include conditions on the protection of human rights in West Papua.
The memorandum of understanding—as you are aware, Madam Deputy Speaker, having signed off on it in 2024—is an agreement to create a policy framework that promotes good environmental, social and governance practices in critical minerals, mining and processing.
I was able to visit Indonesia in January specifically to raise concerns about human rights in Papua with the senior Minister for human rights.[Official Report,  22 April 2025 ; Vol. 765, c. 7WC.]
(Correction)
In 2018, President Joko Widodo promised the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights that he would be allowed to visit West Papua.
No visit has yet been facilitated by Indonesia, although two High Commissioners have been and gone.
Without such a visit, it is impossible to assess the real human rights situation.
Will the Minister ensure that the UK does not engage in critical minerals extraction in West Papua before such a visit takes place?
The UK continues to support the visit by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights and, through initiatives such as the voluntary principles on security and human rights, and the UK-Indonesia critical minerals MOU—signed off by you, Madam Deputy Speaker—the Government promote best practice on sustainability and respect for human rights.[Official Report,  22 April 2025 ; Vol. 765, c. 7WC.]
(Correction) I am delighted to hear that the Minister has been raising human rights concerns with the Government of Indonesia about critical minerals.
Would she perhaps have a word with her colleague the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero about the human rights concerns over other critical minerals conversions in China?
It is going into a green energy economy that is supposed to have environmental, social and governance accords, yet somehow or other it fails on all of those: it fails because of its coal-powered production, it fails because its products are made by socially undesirable slave labour—I hope she agrees about that—and it fails on governance because there is no oversight.
Will she have those same conversations within her own Government?
The right hon.
Gentleman is quite right to raise those pressing concerns, and all will be revealed when the China audit comes forward with the specifics on his question.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help advance peace in the middle east.
What steps he is taking to help restore the ceasefire in Gaza.
I am deeply concerned about the resumption of hostilities in Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary and I are pressing all parties to return urgently to dialogue and to implement the ceasefire agreement in full.
Since the renewed outbreak of hostilities, the Foreign Secretary has spoken to Secretary Rubio, Israeli Foreign Minister Gideon Sa’ar, EU High Representative Kallas and the UN emergency relief co-ordinator, Tom Fletcher.
We have also been working with our French, German and Italian partners in support of the Arab plan for the reconstruction of Gaza as part of wider peace building efforts.
It is often said that actions speak louder than words.
The Government have repeatedly condemned what is happening in Gaza and the west bank, yet Israeli settler violence, Israeli settlement expansion, the unlawful demolition of Palestinian homes and violence in Gaza are continuing.
Given that UK diplomatic efforts and condemnations are being so roundly ignored, will the UK now take action and ban the importation of products from illegal settlements on illegally occupied land, to give the signal that Israel cannot break international law with complete impunity?
The hon.
Lady will know the importance that we have placed on international law since we came to power in July.
We have been clear throughout this period that we want to see a ceasefire in Gaza.
We regret that, at this point, we are still in disagreement with the Israeli Government, and we regret the scenes of the last few weeks in relation to the west bank and to Gaza.
In relation to settlement goods, as the Foreign Secretary said earlier and as I have said before, different provisions exist for illegal settlements, which we consider to be illegal and which do not benefit from any of the provisions that would otherwise cover goods from Israel.
Over the past week, I have been in touch with medical colleagues on the ground in Gaza and also with representatives of hostage families in Israel.
In Gaza, they corroborate the worrying UN reports of a shallow grave containing the bodies of 15 paramedics and rescue workers, seemingly shot one by one by the Israeli army, some of them still wearing the surgical gloves that they were using to save the lives of others.
In Israel, hostage families feel increasingly distant from their own Government and abandoned by them.
Hamas is a terrorist organisation, but Israel is an ally.
As a critical friend and ally, what further steps can we take to reinforce our message that the Israeli Government’s current trajectory is destructive for peace and, indeed, for their own interests?
My hon.
Friend is right to ask this question.
I know that he, himself a surgeon, has been closely engaged with the medical situation in Gaza and the incredible bravery of those who provide that assistance.
As I said in answer to  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns) , the scenes in Gaza in relation to aid workers and, of course, the Gazan civilians themselves are absolutely horrific.
It is why with France we called a special session of the UN Security Council on Friday, and we will continue to press with all diplomatic levers to see an improvement.
What assessment have the Government made of reports that Iran is considering pre-emptive strikes against American B-2 Spirit bombers that have recently been forward-located in Diego Garcia?
As the House will understand, I will not provide a detailed commentary on that reporting, but we remain deeply conscious of the potential threats from Iran, both in this country and in the region.
We continue to have dialogue with the Iranian Government—the Foreign Secretary spoke to his equivalent just last week.
We treat these matters with the utmost seriousness, as the right hon.
Member would expect.
Like many, I was extremely alarmed to hear the Israeli Defence Minister, Israel Katz, threaten the “total destruction” of Gaza.
The UK and its allies are committed to a two-state solution, but that only works if there is a state left standing for Palestinians.
Will that Minister ever be sanctioned, and will our Minister set out what role he sees the UK playing in the long-term reconstruction of Gaza?