On  23 March  in Gaza, eight medics in the Palestinian Red Crescent, five responders from the civil defence and a UN staff member were killed by the IDF while responding to casualties.
Their bodies have been returned today.
International humanitarian law is clear: medical personnel, ambulances, humanitarian relief workers and civil defence organisations must be respected and protected.
International humanitarian law is not something for debate.
The Foreign Secretary understands the importance of upholding the law and holding to account all who breach it, including our friends, so why is Israel seemingly allowed to act with impunity when it comes to the protection of medics, humanitarian workers and civilians?
On this day, the one-year anniversary of the World Central Kitchen incident, I want to be clear that nobody has impunity and that we expect full legal processes to be followed, including in Israel.
The Foreign Secretary and I have both spoken about the important  role the Military Advocate General will play in that.
On my hon.
Friend’s wider question, it is clearly deeply problematic that deconfliction does not exist in Gaza and that aid workers continue to be in such peril, as she described.
We will continue to use all methods at our disposal to try to improve the situation.
On  17 March , the Foreign Secretary told the House that there had been “a breach of international law” by Israel in blockading aid getting into Gaza.—[Official Report,  17 March 2025 ; Vol. 764, c. 41.]
If he takes international law seriously, will he tell us what sanctions are in place as a result of that?
We have announced to this House a series of sanctions in relation to the risk of breaches in relation to the attacks on aid workers, which I have covered a number of times in this session.
[Interruption.]
I am sure the Minister can follow up in writing.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
After much chasing in October last year, the Foreign Secretary committed to give oral evidence to my International Development Committee early in the new year.
He has not done so to date and we do not have a date in the diary, despite repeated requests from my Committee team.
Can you advise me on how I can encourage the Foreign Secretary to give evidence?
Much is going on in the world that we need to discuss.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for giving notice of her point of order.
The Chair is not responsible for ministerial appearances before Select Committees, but I can see that the Foreign Secretary is keen to respond.
No doubt he will have a positive response to her point of order right now.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I just remind the House that I appeared before the Foreign Affairs Committee on  4 December  and I will be appearing in front of the House of Lords International Relations and Defence Committee on  30 May .
We have made changes to development, as has been discussed in the House this afternoon.
My right hon.
Friend Baroness Chapman will be appearing before the International Development Committee on  13 May .
Of course I will appear again before the Foreign Affairs Committee and in front of my hon.
Friend’s Committee in due course.
I hope to do that by the end of the summer or in the September recess period.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care if he will make a statement on NHS pensions in the light of the statutory deadline for both remediable service statements and remediable pension savings statements being missed.