One of the main strategic aims of Iran, Russia’s ally, in supporting what Hamas did in October last year was to suck western powers into the middle eastern theatre, thereby diverting them from Russia’s existential conflict with Ukraine.
May I urge the Minister not to comment on the suggestion that we might have British boots on the ground in the Gaza strip, but to take the message back to the Secretary of State that this would be a completely insane idea?
It would be far better to have moderate neighbouring Arab states deal with any distribution of aid that we have facilitated as a result of the viable RAF and sea power that we have rightly exercised.
My right hon.
Friend is right: the answers to the humanitarian and political challenges in the region lie within the region.
I entirely agree with his analysis.
He made a relevant and good point about the requirement for us to maintain focus on our efforts to support our Ukrainian friends in defending their sovereignty.
That is why last week we announced an additional uplift in our annual support for Ukraine to the tune of £500 million, bringing this year’s support to £3 billion—a record amount.
From our work on the Defence Committee, I know that the armed forces are running hot.
Obviously, the events in the middle east over the last six months or so have put much greater strain and pressure on our armed forces.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that our armed forces get proper rest and recuperation, and that we improve the resilience of our assets?
We are increasing funding for defence to record levels, which increases the armed forces’ capacity to train, rest, and attend to all the areas of their lives other than operations.
That is a huge vote of confidence in the esprit de corps of our armed forces.
We are taking defence investment to 2.5% of GDP by 2030.
It is a tremendous boost, which will filter down and improve retention and effectiveness right across the board.
I was in Israel earlier this year and met senior Israel Defence Forces personnel, who assured me that they are doing everything in their power, and are working with allies, to increase aid to Gaza.
It is the right thing to do, and we must continue those efforts, but it is patent that Hamas are obstructing the distribution of aid within Gaza—another reason why we need to support Israel in defeating Hamas.
Will the Minister assure the House that if and when Israel goes into Rafah, where several Hamas battalions remain, and where senior Hamas operatives and the hostages are based, UK support will remain resolute and steadfast, as we support Israel in finishing the job and eliminating Hamas?
We are clear-eyed in our assessment of Hamas: we regard them as a terrorist organisation that has prosecuted an atrocity.
We call on them to lay down  their arms and to release the hostages.
That is the precondition for any kind of meaningful and sustainable ceasefire.
The Government have so far resisted having a proper debate and a vote on British military engagement in the middle east this year.
The engagement of the British Army in Bosnia in the 1990s started out as being for the purposes of humanitarian aid, but was subject to mission creep as British soldiers were attacked by the warring parties.
In 2006, John Reid said: “We would be perfectly happy to leave in three years’ time without firing one shot”.
Will the Minister assure us that if the Government proposed using British troops on the ground in Gaza, they would first grant this House a debate and a vote on the matter?
The lessons of Bosnia are interesting, and are not lost on Government Members.
The hon.
Gentleman should have no doubt that Ministers and the Government will remain fully accountable to this House.
May I declare an interest?
Members of my close family have been, and are, involved in military operations in the middle east.
Bearing in mind my experience in Northern Ireland—seven tours—I am slightly worried that if our armed forces open fire in the middle east, which they have done, a foreign country will, at some future date, put them before an international court and charge them.
I hope the Minister will declare that such a thing will never happen.
I am grateful to the right hon.
and gallant Gentleman for his questions; he speaks from a position of knowledge.
He should be assured, as should the House, that our forces in the region operate with the full force of the law behind them on the basis of collective self-defence.
Israeli media are reporting that the International Criminal Court could be about to issue an arrest warrant for Benjamin Netanyahu and other top Israeli officials for the litany of war crimes committed by Israel in Gaza.
It is further reported that the United States Government are working to prevent justice from being done and to stop the ICC issuing arrest warrants.
Does the Minister agree, after more than 34,000 Palestinians—women, men and children —have been slaughtered in Gaza and Israeli bombings have obliterated and decimated entire Palestinian neighbourhoods, that Benjamin Netanyahu should be held to account for his horrific crimes?
rose— Order.
We have to be careful: the question is quite framed.
I am sure the Minister might want to pick part of that to answer.
Yes; I regard that as out of scope.
No, I think I do that—anyway, I call Robert Jenrick.
Hamas are a terrorist organisation that hate the United Kingdom and everything that we stand for.
It would therefore be deeply unwise for the UK to commit British servicemen and women, whether on the ground or on the pier in Gaza.
It is for precisely that reason that the White House has categorically ruled this out.
Will the Minister take the opportunity to do the same, so that we can reassure our constituents that we do not make an inadvertent mistake, and that British troops will continue doing what they should be doing, which is facilitating the complete eradication of Hamas?
I agree entirely with my right hon.
Friend’s analysis and his comments about Hamas.
Other than that, of course I will not comment on speculation in the media.
What discussions has the Minister had regarding UN security forces accompanying trucks to enable them to move into Gaza in the light of the impediments they are facing, and also rebuilding infrastructure so that trucks can travel across the country to deliver crucial medical and other humanitarian aid?
A great deal of energy from Ministers and officials is going into the ongoing discussion about how to operationalise the greater flow rate of humanitarian aid going into Gaza, so the hon.
Lady asks a relevant question.