As the Minister said, our UK armed forces are reinforcing regional stability, protecting international shipping, defending partner countries and delivering desperately needed aid to Gaza.
We are proud of their professionalism, and across the House we pay tribute to their work, but the agonies of the Palestinians in Gaza are extreme.
Children are starving, families are dying, and famine and disease are taking hold.
Humanitarian help must flood into Palestinian hands, so we welcomed the ninth RAF airdrop last week, but why has there been only one sea shipment of UK aid in more than six months, and none this year?
What are the Government doing to open up Ashdod port?
We welcome the new role for RFA Cardigan Bay in helping to build the temporary pier.
The Royal Fleet Auxiliary is demonstrating that it provides vital naval support.
Is it protected from new civil service cuts?
Have Ministers resolved the issue of the potential strike action?
What is the Defence Secretary doing to raise rock-bottom morale in the RFA?
Weekend reports suggest that UK troops could be deployed to deliver aid on the ground in Gaza.
Will the Minister confirm those plans?
How will the Defence Secretary report to the House, and ensure that Parliament has a say, on any such deployment?
The Defence Secretary seems to be doing the bare minimum on the diplomatic front.
Why has he made only one visit to Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories since  7 October ?
We need an immediate ceasefire now, hostages released now, and unimpeded aid now.
We need a political route to securing a long-term two-state settlement.
Where the Government pursue these aims, they will have Labour’s fullest support.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions and his warm welcome.
He asked a series of pertinent questions, which I will seek to cover off.
He asked about our efforts on maritime delivery.
Clearly, the deployment of RFA Cardigan Bay is leaning into the prospect of a far greater flow of maritime aid through the Cyprus humanitarian corridor, which will seek to substantially uplift that delivered so far.
That will have an important impact on the extent to which Ashdod can come into play.
We make the point regularly to our Israeli colleagues that opening Ashdod would be a critical enabler of a dramatically increased flow of aid, which is seriously needed.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Cardigan Bay.
Colleagues will have noticed in last week’s statement to the House that there has been a very substantial uplift in defence funding.
An additional £75 billion over the next six years means that morale across all three services and the Royal Fleet Auxiliary will be resilient, and higher than before.
That uplift is a vote of confidence in our capabilities, of which we should all be proud—I certainly am.
I will not comment on speculation that there might be a ground role for UK forces.
It would not be right for me to comment on speculation.
We are very clear about the current remit.
RFA Cardigan Bay is there to provide living support for the US troops involved in the construction and operational delivery of the JLOTS—joint logistics over the shore—platform.
The Defence Secretary will, as is his wont, continue to report frequently to this House, and to make oral and written statements.
I am very pleased to hear that  the right hon.
Gentleman would like to see the Defence Secretary at the Dispatch Box more often.
I will relay that desire to him when I see him.
He is a busy man, but he knows that his first duty is to be in this House.
His visit to the Occupied Palestinian Territories was important; his is a global role.
To categorise his one visit as disproportionate, or a lack of interest, is uncharitable to say the least.
In all earnestness, we share the right hon.
Gentleman’s view that a far greater flow of aid and humanitarian support is contingent on a sustainable ceasefire.
This House will know that we call on Hamas to lay down their arms and release the hostages; that is the surest route to finding that sustainable ceasefire.