My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The Conservatives’ plan to reform our reading standards completely and expand phonics across our schools has meant that our primary schoolchildren are now the fourth best readers in the world.
What was Labour’s response?
It said that phonics would not work, that our literacy drive was “dull”, and that free schools were “dangerous”.
What is dangerous is the risk of a Labour Government who would collapse educational standards, as Labour has done in Wales.
What steps her Department is taking to encourage take-up of degree-level apprenticeships.
We have seen year-on-year growth in degree-level apprenticeships.
Starts at levels 6 and 7 increased by 5.8% this year.
There are now more than 170 employer-designed degree-level apprenticeships, and we are providing an additional £40 million over two years to support providers to expand their offers.
Last week, I had the pleasure of hosting Members of this House and representatives of industry and of the education sector to discuss how we could leverage the resources of the private sector to support further education through a lecturer reservist programme.
I particularly thank the Minister and his predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Robert Halfon) , as well as Hayley Pells of the Institute of the Motor Industry, for all their hard work in making that meeting a reality and for their positive engagement.
I would not be doing my job properly if I was not cheeky enough to ask whether the Minister would be willing to join us for our next meeting, when we will flesh out the proposals that we discussed.
I thought we had an excellent meeting last week.
We had really positive discussions about the exciting lecturer reservist pilot that will run in the west midlands, bringing together regional employers, colleges and providers.
I look forward to working closely with my hon.
Friend as the pilot progresses, and not just to meeting him again but to visiting the pilot when it is up and running.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the plan 5 student loan repayment plan on levels of applications for university undergraduate courses.
Our reforms make the student loan system more sustainable and fairer for graduates and taxpayers.
Tuition fees have been frozen until 2024-25, and it was this Government who acted to cap the interest rate on student loans, because we believe that everybody in our country should have access to world-class higher education.
In January, the number of applications to study nursing fell by 7.4%.
The Royal College of Nursing said that that could be a direct threat to patient safety.
Surely the Government should be doing everything they can to boost recruitment in nursing, but instead last September they introduced a tuition fee system that means that future nursing graduates will pay an extra £48 per month.
Why is the Secretary of State penalising people who choose to work in our vital public services?
The system that we introduced is a progressive one, because lifetime earnings now correlate with the amount that somebody contributes.
The highest earners  make the largest individual contributions, and the lowest earners contribute the least.
For example, someone who leaves university in 2026 earning £26,000 a year will now pay just £7 a month repaying that loan.
Crucially, the new interest rate is reduced from the retail prices index plus 3% to RPI plus 0%, which makes it more affordable too.
It is a progressive system that we think is fairer for students and taxpayers.