There is no doubt but that this Department has contributed to the chaos surrounding the opening of King’s Leadership Academy in my constituency.
Parents and children find themselves in utter limbo, and this debacle has caused extra pressure on school places across Liverpool.
In reply to me, Baroness Barran provided absolutely no explanation of why it took the Department until 1 February to apply for planning permission, despite having owned  the site since last summer.
When will this Department get a grip, end the blame game, and commit to exhausting every avenue in getting the school open in September?
I will look into the details of the case and write to the hon.
Lady.
Research by London Economics and the Association of Colleges highlights that in recent years there has been a significant drop in level 2 apprenticeship starts.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister outline the specific work being carried out to reverse this decline in an area that is so vital in promoting social mobility and levelling up?
At levels 2 and 3, apprenticeships make up 65% of all starts so far this year and there are almost 140 apprenticeships at level 2.
We published data last week to show that level 2 apprenticeships rose by 2.5% in terms of attainment.
We will do everything we can to make sure people have access to high-quality apprenticeships, and we have also invested £50 million over two years to boost starts in growth sectors including engineering and manufacturing.
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Five years on from the approval of a new secondary school in my Middlesbrough constituency, not a brick has been laid and the children of Outwood Academy Riverside remain in an old Home Office block, and the next two years’
intake are going to be bused to Redcar to portacabins plonked on a field.
Children are spending their entire secondary school years in temporary accommodation and it is just not good enough.
Will the Secretary of State tell ministerial colleagues to get a grip and crack on with building the new school these students need and deserve?
We have increased the amount of money going into condition funding.
We are also, of course, rebuilding 500 schools under the school rebuilding programme.
I will look into the specific case the hon.
Gentleman mentions and come back to him.
My hon.
Friend will be aware of my campaign to improve literacy across the country by improving children’s access to libraries in their schools and communities.
Much can also be done by parents, grandparents and carers in the years before children start school.
What is the Department doing to improve access to books and audiobooks in particular, as well as other literary materials, for pre-school children?
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent point.
Reading is one of the most important things children can be doing at a young age.
Our Little Moments Together campaign provides free resources for parents to encourage a positive culture of reading at home, and we also fund the National Literacy Trust, which does great work to promote reading.
Can the Minister give us an update on the schools-based work of the Youth Endowment Fund on trying to stop young people getting involved in crime, and can he tell us how the success of that work will be judged?
As it happens, I am meeting the director of the Youth Endowment Fund in the morning.
We have a quarterly meeting to review progress and make sure it is on track.
In regard to the worrying topic raised earlier of antisemitism and Islamophobia in schools, will Ministers please bear in mind sections 406 and 407 of the Education Act 1996?
The former bans political indoctrination in schools, and the latter says that when political subjects are brought to the attention of pupils, they must be presented in a fair and balanced way.
My right hon.
Friend issues a timely and important reminder and we are very clear on that with schools.
We also, of course, part-fund Educate Against Hate, which has materials available, and I know that schools also seek to go to lengths in most cases to make sure that when tackling controversial current affairs, they are doing so in an entirely impartial way.
While it is welcome that Ministers are finally investing in childcare, the scheme just is not working, with local providers telling me it falls far short of what they need to meet demand, exacerbated by the especially low rate paid in central Bedfordshire.
Will Ministers change course to make sure that central Bedfordshire families can finally access the childcare they need?
Again, the first stage of this roll-out has gone incredibly well, with more than 200,000 children now benefiting.
Labour MPs should spend less time criticising our roll-out and more in asking their Front Bench what their plan is, because it is supposed to be like the creation of the NHS.
St Francis School and Heathfield School are two excellent special educational needs schools in Fareham, supporting a variety of children with conditions ranging from Down’s syndrome to epilepsy, but around the country there are 95,000 children at independent special educational needs schools.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s misguided attack on independent schools will be harmful and punitive to vulnerable children all around the country?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right.
This is a policy to tickle the bellies of the left of the Labour party.
The Opposition did not think it through, and they are now going to whack families trying to get the right support for their children with special educational needs with 20% more in fees.
In 2024-25, Scottish students living away from home will be entitled to a minimum of £8,400 in student maintenance, whereas English students living outside London will only be getting a minimum of £4,767.
Given the current cost of living crisis, which is undoubtedly a factor in the withdrawal of almost 16,000 undergraduate students in England last year, will the Government commit to providing the same encouragement and reinforcement to students in England as students in Scotland enjoy?
We are trying to deliver a system that is fair not just to students, but to taxpayers, too.
That is why we are taking action to support students with the cost of living in England, including freezing tuition fees.
We have increased loans by 2.8%, and we have made sure that if someone’s family income falls by 15%, they can have their loans reassessed.
It is also important that we support people from lower income households, which is why we have made a further £10 million available, including for hardship funding, in 2023-24.
This system is fair not just to students, but to taxpayers more widely.
The Sir Robert Pattinson Academy in my constituency is a great school providing an excellent education to children.
However, it is struggling with the challenges of aged infrastructure, and an urgent bid for it to rectify the heating and wiring challenges has been refused.
An urgent meeting on Friday with officials was unproductive, not least because the data they were looking at was out of date.
Can I ask the Secretary of State to please ensure that the senior leadership team gets an urgent meeting with senior officials and that she personally ensures that this bid is looked at properly and quickly?
I will indeed do that.
My hon.
Friend has brought up this subject with me and with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State.
There was that meeting with Mr Hardy on Friday.
I know there are two separate cases around the condition improvement fund bid and the urgent capital support bid.
We will continue to work with the school, and I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets that high-level meeting that she asks for.
Among other cuts, the Department for Education has quietly slipped out the announcement that it is slashing funding for Now Teach, which has supported more than 1,000 people to switch careers and retrain as secondary teachers in shortage subjects such as science, maths and modern languages.
Why on earth are the Government withdrawing funding when they are missing their teacher training targets by 50% in some of these subjects, and when Now Teach has had such a brilliant track record in getting people to retrain as teachers?
First, I must say that the statistics the hon.
Lady just gave on missing recruitment targets are incorrect.
They are frequently repeated, but not right.
We do think that career changes are an important part of people coming into this noble profession, and we are continuing with our career changes programme.
We are not axing Now Teach; we are not re-procuring it, so we are not extending it again.
To put it in perspective, it is roughly about 200 to 250 people in a typical year, out of about 7,000 career changes coming into teaching.
We are reassessing the best way to attract more of them, because we want to grow the number of career changes coming into teaching and make sure that we go about it in the best and most productive way.