On the cost of living, among concerns raised by parents in response to the most recent National Parents Survey by Parentkind, the cost of school uniforms, trips and food came up the most.
Labour has a plan to cut the cost of school uniforms by limiting the number of branded items, and our free breakfast clubs in every primary school will put money back in parents’ pockets while improving attendance and attainment.
We have done the Government’s homework, and they are still failing families.
Will it take a Labour Government to give every child in this country the chances that they deserve?
I appreciate what the hon.
Lady says, but I am afraid she needs to keep up: we have done the things that restrict the cost pressures on uniforms.
We regularly survey how much uniforms are costing, and some of those results are encouraging.
We also survey regularly the number of schools that have a second-hand uniform facility available, and I am pleased to report that that has improved.
We are also very clear that, when a school trip is part of the national curriculum—an essential thing to do—there should be no charge.
In addition to that, way many schools make sure that they are providing inclusivity for all pupils, and of course the pupil premium that we introduced shortly after 2010 is one of the things that facilitates that.
When she expects the proposed Hanwood Park Free School in Kettering constituency to open.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
I thank him for his ongoing support for this new school, including his personal work to make sure that there is provision for boys and girls.
We are working with his council and sponsoring trust to agree a provisional opening date for Hanwood Park Free School as soon as possible.
The new Hanwood Park Free School is a key part of the future educational infrastructure in Kettering and will be located at the heart of the Hanwood Park development, which, with 5,500 houses, is one of the largest housing developments in the whole country.
Will my right hon.
Friend please facilitate a meeting in Kettering with the Department’s regional director for the east midlands, me, the local educational authority, the Orbis academy trust and the Hanwood Park developers so that together we can ensure that the school build is co-ordinated as best as possible?
Again, I commend my hon.
Friend for his work.
I also appreciate the importance of the provision of local services—none is more important than education—where there is housing development.
I would be very pleased to convene such a meeting as he requests.
What steps her Department has taken to improve standards of reading in schools.
Since 2010, we have completely transformed how we teach reading in England, expanding the evidence-based methods of phonics across all of our schools.
In the 2011-12 phonics screening checks, only 58% of our children met the expected standard of reading.
Thanks to those reforms and the hard work of our brilliant teachers, not only is that number now 79%, but our primary schoolchildren have been ranked fourth best readers in the world.
We are sticking to our plan, delivering higher reading standards across our schools.