The Minister is rightly reluctant to discuss the roles, dispositions and locations of British forces in the middle east, but could he again confirm to the House that the requisite force protection will be factored into all operational level planning, and also that it is not beyond the realms of possibility that the UN could be coerced into taking a more active role in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend also asks a relevant question, and I can give him that assurance in relation to the deployment of RFA Cardigan Bay.
Some 34,000 people are already dead in Gaza, many are dying now in Rafah from wholly preventable conditions such as measles because of a lack of sanitation and medical care, and the Israeli bombardment is still going on.
That is the biggest problem for getting aid in.
What pressure is the Minister putting on the Israeli Government to cease the bombardment of Gaza, to ensure the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza, and to ensure that we will not be deploying British troops anywhere on the on the ground in Gaza, the west bank or any other part of the region and that instead we will search for peace and for justice for the people of Palestine?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the protection of civilians.
We continue to make the point to our Israeli friends that they must seek to protect civilian lives, but of course the root cause of this is the atrocity committed by Hamas.
For peace to be secured, all that would have to happen is for Hamas to lay down their arms and release the hostages.
Iran continues to present one of the most pressing and dangerous threats to the middle east and to global stability.
With the increasing emphasis on the need for an integrated defence strategy comprising different nations of the region, does my hon.
Friend agree that there is an ongoing, vital role for British forces to play, as they did so ably on the night of 13 and  14 April ?
I wholeheartedly agree, and we should pay tribute to those who courageously played an active role in that defence of our collective security.
Undoubtedly, British armed forces have a sustained and hugely important role to play in bringing peace and stability right across the region.
The UN reports that 80% of all those in the world facing imminent famine are located in Gaza.
With over 200 humanitarian workers killed by Israeli forces since October, a ceasefire is essential for the effective delivery of aid and for preventing famine in both the short term and the long term.
How can the Government justify their continued refusal to back calls for an immediate and permanent ceasefire?
The hon.
Lady is correct that a ceasefire is needed, as it is the way to assure the flow of aid that Gazans need.
The precondition of that ceasefire is for Hamas to lay down their arms and to release the hostages.
I was in Israel on the night of the Iran attacks, and I saw the jets in the sky, David’s Sling and Iron Dome dealing with the ballistic missiles as they came in.
I felt very proud to know that our forces were involved, and the Israelis were very grateful for our activity.
One group of people in Gaza who are not being provided with aid or proper medical checks are, of course, the hostages.
Last Monday, I spoke to the parent of 23-year-old Hersh Goldberg-Polin, who was last seen on  7 October  being bundled into the back of a truck with his arm and hand missing, having had a grenade thrown into his shelter.
A video was released on Wednesday, and it was the first sight of him.
He looked in a very distressed state.
Can the Minister assure me that we will continue to do everything we can, militarily and through intelligence, to help Israel to locate these hostages?
I can, of course, give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
It is a highly sensitive subject, and if he would care to raise the case with me individually, we will do what we can to follow up.
Two months ago, the House passed Labour’s motion calling for an immediate ceasefire.
We believe that Hamas must immediately release their hostages, but Israel must also look at releasing its prisoners.
There has to be an immediate and unimpeded supply of aid into Gaza, but I am really concerned about UK forces getting involved.
We should rely absolutely on aid being delivered by the charities and voluntary organisations on the ground.
What is the Defence Secretary doing with our allies and regional partners to secure an immediate ceasefire?
We continue to make the point that Hamas must lay down their arms and release the hostages.
That is the precondition for peace.
The key problem, as my hon.
Friend will know, is that Hamas and Islamic Jihad are appropriating aid meant for the Palestinians.
What steps are our armed forces taking to ensure that aid gets to those who really need it, not the terrorist networks?
What steps are they taking against Hamas’s terrorist tunnels under the Egyptian border?
British armed forces could play a significant role in working with Israel to dismantle the tunnel networks.
My right hon.
Friend asks a very good question, and a huge amount of effort is going into this.
We are energetically leaning into the prospect of a greater degree of aid flowing through the Cypriot and Jordanian humanitarian corridors, and the JLOTS temporary pier capability could be an absolute game changer.
The Government continue to provide huge sums of taxpayers’ money for arms and weapons for Ukraine, but minimal funding for humanitarian aid for Gaza.
Does the Minister believe that the UK public share the Government’s spending priorities?
I believe they do, yes.
Despite some positive noises coming out of the middle east about a truce, for my constituents in Bolton it is deeply worrying to see reports of an increasingly likely ground offensive in the southern city of Rafah.
The Minister spoke about not wanting to see any more bloodshed, but if there is a ground offensive, more blood will be shed.
What are our Government, the Ministry of Defence in particular, doing to avoid bloodshed happening in Rafah and to prepare for different scenarios?
We always make the point to our Israeli colleagues that the protection of civilian life is imperative.
We acknowledge that Israel has an absolute right to self-defence, and we hope that Hamas will recognise that the path to peace lies in laying down their arms and releasing the hostages.
My understanding is that the British Government do not support the ground offensive by the Israeli military in Rafah.
Will they therefore use all the leverage at their disposal, including withdrawing arms export licences, if the Israeli Government act against British policy?
We have one of the world’s toughest arms export regimes, of which we should be very proud.
On the middle east, it is a decade since this House voted to support the UK’s joining the global coalition against Daesh.
Although territory has been liberated, does not the recent strike by the RAF against a rocket launcher being used to target coalition forces underline the need for a sustained, long-term commitment to defeat and destroy terrorism?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that, and we should be grateful for the role played by the RAF.
It is a reminder that the price of peace is eternal vigilance.