I have a constituent—it could be many of the constituents who come to me—who has a child with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism and other severe learning difficulties.
She had to  wait an awful long time for an EHCP for her child and, in the end, the plan listed the very school that says it cannot cope with the needs of the child.
This happens routinely—a school that says it cannot cope is still listed on the EHCP.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that councils and other people who do the EHCP are not just ignoring what the school says and are actually putting down the schools that can cope with the needs?
My constituent’s child now has only one hour a week of education.
That is surely not good enough.
We need to do all we can to support children with special educational needs; they are vulnerable and need the support as early as possible.
We have programmes in place to support local authorities, but the biggest thing that we are doing is increasing the number of special educational needs school places.
This will be the largest increase in a generation—60,000 more school places—and it is in stark contrast to when Labour was last in power, when the number of places reduced by 4,000.
That is something we are very focused on doing.
Many of those have already been delivered, some are work in progress and some will be in the hon.
Member’s area.
Far too many families know what a battle it can be to secure an EHCP assessment for their child, but for forces families this battle can become a recurring nightmare, as they are forced to restart the process all over again if required to move base before it completes.
It cannot be right that those who sacrifice so much for our country are so let down by the current assessment system.
How can we put this right?
Of course, we are always looking to improve the system and we do have an improvement plan in place.
I will take away the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point about people who move around from place to place, but the most important and fundamental thing is that we have increased the budget, which has now gone up to £10.5 billion—a 60% increase in the last few years.
We are also investing in building the right provision, the number of educational psychologists and the workforce.
We have a thorough plan in place and we are working to deliver it.
Parents in Portsmouth are rightly concerned that fewer than half of the primary schoolchildren in the city are achieving the expected standards in reading, writing and maths, while, under the watch of the Lib Dem-run council, waiting lists for SEND support continue to rise.
Does the Secretary of State agree that families in Portsmouth deserve better than a council that is failing children and failing families?
Yes, and that is the Conservative Government.
The Royal College of Psychiatrists has found that autistic children are 28 times more likely to think about or attempt suicide than other children.
Not getting the support they need can affect autistic children into their adult lives.
This is a matter of extreme concern, as is the fact that more than 9,500 Wirral children were persistently absent from school in 2022-23, which is double the pre-pandemic figures.
I note the Minister’s earlier comments, but what assessment have the Government made of the percentage of children in  Wirral and across England who are missing from school and who have special educational needs and disabilities?
What specific measures will the Government take to address their needs?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify the crossover between special educational needs and absence from schools.
This can sometimes result in poor outcomes, which can lead to mental health issues later.
That is why it is important that we get early help to children as quickly as possible.
We have a special educational needs and alternative provision improvement plan, and in terms of workforce, which is the most important thing on top of the places, we are training more special educational needs co-ordinators; we have changed the training for new teachers; we are making sure that we invest in a new national professional qualification to upskill teachers; and we have more educational psychologists—400 more in training—and more speech and language therapists.
There is a huge workforce element in the plan to improve our special educational needs offer.