The truth is that not only have apprenticeship starts plummeted since 2017, but new data shows that the overall achievement rate has dropped since 2020, with level 2 apprenticeships hit hardest.
Almost half of apprentices do not complete their courses, which is simply not good enough.
Employers are calling out for reform, but this Government have their head in the sand.
Is this not yet more evidence that, far from tackling barriers to opportunity and boosting Britain’s skills, the Government are failing our young people and our businesses, and that only Labour has a plan to turn this around?
We have made apprenticeships more rigorous.
They are now more credible.
They are designed by employers and have proper robust assessments.
The only plan Labour has, without more funding, is to cut the number of apprenticeship starts in our country by 60%.
Obviously, the hon.
Member missed the figures published last week, which showed a 2.5% increase in level 2 attainment rates.
We are delivering high-quality standards with more off-the-job training and that should be welcomed across the House.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the adequacy of SEND provision.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of SEND provision.
Having undertaken a review of the special educational needs system, we published our improvement plan last year.
Provision is regularly reviewed through school and local area inspections by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission.
We also collect and review data on education, health and care plans, including on timeliness and volumes, and on capacity in special schools, SEND units and resourced provision.
Last week, I met the chief executive of a chain of independent schools, which includes a lot of independent special schools—approximately 40% of the children there have special educational needs.
She was concerned about any proposal to put VAT on school fees—she feels all this will do is put up school fees and a lot of parents who are just about managing to send their kids to independent special schools will take them out, putting more pressure on the state education SEND system.
Does the Minister share my concern that, although people may think that this policy is smart politics, it  may be people with special educational needs, including those on low incomes households, who pay the price for this short-sighted policy proposal?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of children with SEN and he is absolutely right.
Labour’s ideological obsession with private schools means that it will even charge children in an independent special school 20% VAT for their needs.
That will make it harder for those families to afford the provision they need and drive up demand for places in state special schools.
It is just another example of the mess Labour would make of our education system.
The inequality in the funding formula is driving inequality for children with SEN.
In York, we are seeing not only the lack of placements that are needed, but staff being laid off because of an inadequacy of funding.
We know that the number of children with SEND is growing exponentially in York, so will the Minister not only review the funding formula to ensure that it is fair, but give local authorities the power and provision to provide for the future needs of our city?
York is in our safety valve programme to provide support with the financial challenges it has.
It has seen a 27% increase in per-head funding in the last three financial years.
We review the funding formula every year.
The biggest complaint people have is the historic factor, which is difficult to reduce quickly because there are children receiving that provision at the moment.
Wyre Forest School, a special school in Kidderminster, has been doing a fantastic job for a number of years, but it has been running way past its maximum capacity for some time.
There was potential for relief when its next-door neighbour, Baxter College, secured funding from a generous grant from the school rebuilding programme for a mutually beneficial rebuilding to expand capacity on both sides.
However, with that project being in phase 3, Wyre Forest School and Baxter College may have to wait until 2032 before they can see any beneficial reliefs.
Will the Minister or the Secretary of State meet me and the heads of the two schools to discuss how we can expedite getting this rebuilding programme under way?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
On Saturday, I met a lady who has moved within Shropshire but into North Shropshire, and it took 10 weeks for her year 9 son with SEN to be placed in a school.
It is one without any one-to-one support, which is a big downgrade on his previous situation.
His parents reported to me that all he has received from the school is detention for not completing his work fast enough.
We are desperately short of SEN places in Shropshire.
Can the Minister reassure me that the Government are looking at Shropshire and working to provide proper provision for those children, who are being so badly let down?
Obviously, I cannot comment on that specific case, but I can tell the hon.
Lady that we are in the process of creating 60,000 more special school places; there 108 schools already open and 92 approved to open.
If her Department will make an assessment of the potential impact of sports and PE on mental resilience in young people.
It is well and widely recognised that PE and sport support children and young people’s health and general wellbeing.
The school sport and activity action plan update, published in July 2023, sets out how we will support all young people to participate in PE and sport in school.
I recently hosted an event here in Parliament with Nick Dougherty, the golfer, and the Golf Foundation to kick off their Unleash Your Drive programme, an amazing initiative providing young people with the life skills they need to survive in the modern world, including mental resilience.
The scheme has been rolled out to over 500 schools since September last year, with fantastic results.
Will the Minister meet me and the Golf Foundation to discuss this success and how we can encourage more schools to teach mental toughness skills through sport, as part of the school sport and activity action plan?
I know about the good work of the Golf Foundation, under the leadership of Brendon Pyle.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss its work, specifically the Unleash Your Drive programme.
Sport, PE and outdoor education have a huge impact on building resilience among young people, helping them to gain a love of learning as well as the outdoors, which can be great for them for their whole lives.
Does the Minister agree that it is a great shame that just the other week the Welsh Senedd voted down by a single vote the Bill proposed by his colleague and my friend Sam Rowlands which would have made outdoor education an experience that every young person in Wales could access?
Will the Minister go one further and back my equivalent Outdoor Education Bill, which will receive its Second Reading on  21 June , so that this place ensures that every young person in primary and secondary schools has the ability to access an outdoor education experience for free?
The hon.
Gentleman has been entirely consistent for some time in talking about the importance of outdoor education, about which I am happy to agree.
I am not sure it is always necessarily a case for law, but it is certainly important for young people to get outdoors, to be in touch with nature and to see the countryside, as well as running around enjoying PE and sporting activities.
What steps she is taking to support education on Israel and antisemitism in secondary schools.
I have been horrified and appalled to see the rise in antisemitism in education since  7 October .
It is unacceptable and it cannot be tolerated.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has written to all schools and colleges reminding them of their duties under Prevent, and we are investing £7 million to help tackle antisemitism across education.
My right hon.
Friend is clearly right that the rise of antisemitism in schools—or anywhere—is absolutely unacceptable.
One of the causes is the failure of schools to teach children about the history of Israel and the fact that Jewish people have occupied Israel for over 3,000 years.
Indeed, the Balfour declaration set up the creation of the modern state of Israel.
As that is not communicated, there is widespread ignorance and people do not believe that Jewish people have occupied that land for so long.
Will my right hon.
Friend conduct a review of the curriculum to ensure that young people are properly educated about the history of Israel?
I appreciate what my hon.
Friend says.
History is a very important subject for many reasons.
Learning about Israel and the wider region can be covered in history, for example in the “challenges for Britain, Europe and the wider world since 1901” theme.
In general, we do not specify individual historical events in our national curriculum, with the sole exception of the holocaust, as he will know.