Coram’s 2024 childcare survey found that just 6% of local authorities are confident that they will have enough childcare places for disabled children.
High-quality early years education is essential in ensuring that children’s needs are identified at the most important time for their development.
The children’s Minister,  the hon.
Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , did not give a clear answer on this last month and his statement last week made no reference to disabled children.
Is the Secretary  of State really confident that every eligible family with a disabled child has been able to access a childcare place as part of the April expansion—yes or no?
I will expand on the yes or no, as the hon.
Lady wants a clear answer and obviously has not heard the clear answer that she been given before.
Local authorities have a statutory duty to provide places for all children, including those with special educational needs, but we are working with organisations such as Dingley’s Promise to review special educational needs inclusion, and to see what more we can do to encourage providers to further consider what they can do to provide places.
However, we will work with local authorities to make sure that we improve this.
What assessment she has made of trends in the number of apprenticeship achievements.
The proportion of apprentices who achieve their apprenticeship standard rose to 54.3% in 2022-23, which is up 2.9 percentage points on the year before.
We are taking action to ensure that every apprentice has a high-quality experience.
We are reviewing and improving standards where there are poor achievement rates; we are investing £7.5 million in the provider workforce development programme; and Ofsted will be inspecting all providers by 2025.
Giving all young people a good education is key to levelling up our country, yet the number of apprenticeship starts has fallen by a third over the last decade and there are 3% fewer completions than three years ago.
We have improved on last year, but we are not there yet.
Why have the Government let the number of offered and available apprenticeships slide, and why does the Minister think that young people are not qualifying at the rate they were three years ago?
We want all young people to have access to good, high-quality apprenticeships because they offer a valuable experience and an opportunity to upskill at the start of their career.
We have seen a 4% increase in apprenticeship starts by young people under the age of 19 so far this year, and 57% of all starts have been by those aged under 25.
Last year, we saw a 21% increase in apprenticeship achievements in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
That is welcome news but, of course, there is always more to do.
I am very happy to work with her on the issue.
Is it not the case that apprenticeship achievements have gone up by 22% over the past year, that over 90% of apprentices who complete their apprenticeship get good jobs or good skills, and that starts are going up, too?
Is it not also the case that we now have more than 690 quality apprenticeship standards in everything from aeronautics to zoology, and that any attempt to dilute the apprenticeship levy would not only destroy the number of starts but harm achievement?
It is this side of the House that is building an apprenticeship and skills nation.
During his time as a Minister, my right hon.
Friend helped to completely rebuild the apprenticeship system, introducing higher-quality standards.
Apprenticeships are now longer, better and have more off-the-job training, with proper independent assessment at the end.
They are more valued by employers and we have seen 5.8 million starts since 2010.
He is an incredible advocate for further education.
Following him in this role, I learnt very quickly that I had big shoes to fill.
I look forward to working with him to ensure that we continue delivering in this area.