What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of SEND provision in schools in Bournemouth.
Ofsted outcomes are strong for the five special schools in Bournemouth.
Departmental officials continue to work with the council and other services to support rapid improvements, including £16.4 million of higher needs capital funding between 2022 and 2025.
The funding allocation this year is £60.9 million, a 27% increase per head compared with 2021-22.
I am grateful to the Minister for that reply.
He speaks about increased funding, but there is growing anger from headteachers and parents alike in Bournemouth about the mismanagement of the dedicated schools grant over the past couple of years by Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council.
School heads have now taken the unprecedented step of writing open letters of concern to the council.
The council is not following the required guidance and is demanding unaffordable sums from schools which, if implemented, would see the loss of teaching assistants.
I ask the Department for Education to investigate the council’s  decision making, to ensure that correct guidelines are followed in the future and that the right levels of funding stay with the schools.
My right hon.
Friend has done an excellent job of raising with me repeatedly the frustration of parents and headteachers in his constituency with BCP Council.
I and officials continue to monitor that closely to ensure that schools and children in his area get the provision they deserve.
How many children in schools in Bournemouth have relied on special educational needs and disability provision because they have had an acquired brain injury in the last five years?
If the Minister does not know the answer—he might not know it today—will he be able to write to me?
If his officials are not able to provide him with an answer, will he ensure that the Department establishes precisely how many children, in all our schools across the whole country, have had an acquired brain injury in the last five years?
I did not know the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency was so close to Bournemouth.
As he suggests, I do not have the precise answer to that question; I will write to him.
What steps her Department is taking to accelerate the roll-out of the Language for Life programme for nursery and pre-school age children.
Early language skills are vital for children to thrive.
That is why we carried out landmark early education reforms, investing up to £180 million in training, qualifications and support and providing a range of evidence-based interventions, from home learning to working with local health services.
There is growing evidence of how important it is to provide support for speech and language development in nurseries and for preschool-aged children.
Programmes such as Language for Life, which is supported by St John’s Foundation in Bath, underpin the work that schools are doing.
To demonstrate how well they are doing it, the percentage of children needing additional language support in schools that participated reduced from 84% to 29%.
I am sure the Minister will want to congratulate the schools and St John’s Foundation on the work they are doing, but will the Government prioritise speech and language programmes such as Language for Life?
What the hon.
Lady sets out sounds very encouraging and I look forward to hearing more about the Language for Life programme.
We have been very pleased with the findings of the Government-funded Nuffield Early Language Intervention, which is different, but has also focused on language development.
The NELI has been found to help children to make four months’ additional development in their oral language skills, and disadvantaged children to make seven months’ additional progress.
Will the Minister give us an update on this month’s delivery of the first phase of the free childcare entitlement, and may I urge him to ensure that we deliver phase 2 on time in September?
I am delighted to tell my right hon.
Friend and the House that the first phase of the roll-out went very well indeed.
Some 200,000 children are now benefiting from the first stage of the roll-out, which Labour Members doubted could happen—we have shown again that we have a plan while they have absolutely none.
What assessment she has made of the impact of real-terms reductions to school budgets since 2010 on school children.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question, but I am afraid there is a flawed premise within it.
School funding is, at £60.7 billion, the highest it has ever been in real terms per pupil.
There has been a real-terms increase of 5.5% per pupil nationally compared with 2010-11.