We all know that most people with learning disabilities want to work, and with the right support they can work.
The SEND code of practice is clear that all children and young people with special educational needs should be prepared for adulthood, including employment.
We are investing £80 million in a supported internship programme, which is very successful, and we will be doubling this by March 2025.
We are working with the DWP on a number of programmes and, following the Buckland review, the DWP is setting up a task group to consider all the recommendations.
With a 60% rise in complex needs funding over five years, reaching £10.5 billion in 2024-25, with £105 million of funding for special free schools in the spring Budget and with the special educational needs and disabilities and alternative provision plan to support everyone with needs and disabilities to age 25, does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is this Conservative Government that are working hard for the life chances of every child in our country?
Absolutely right.
My hon.
Friend is also right to say that we should take no lessons from the Opposition on supporting children with SEND: let us not forget that the number of children benefiting from being in special schools fell, probably because there was no specific high needs funding at all for local authorities to support people with special educational needs.
In contrast, we are investing record funding and we are obviously building more places than we ever have in our country’s history.
Only the Conservatives have a plan to support children with SEND.
In all my years in teaching, before I came to this place, I experienced only one episode of violence at the hands of a student when they hurled a chair at me across the classroom.
I was six months pregnant then.
Only one episode in all those many, many years.
But increasingly, teaching staff are telling me that this is becoming more and more commonplace.
In fact, they expect it.
My most recent conversation about this was on Saturday, when a teaching assistant said that they had finally been forced to retire because they could not cope with the stress any more.
Some of this will be due to unmet or unrecognised special educational needs, and I thank the Secretary of State for outlining all the provisions that are being made—indeed, I have a new special school in my constituency—but some are not.
Will she meet me to discuss some specific local concerns?
Yes; I am sorry to hear about the situation of the teacher in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Of course, good behaviour is the bedrock of schools and school standards.
We are investing more in behaviour hubs, which are helping schools that need help with the behaviour of children.
We are also investing more in alternative provision schools.
We are building 77 new ones; 51 are already open and the rest will be opening in the coming years.
In Essex, it has been taking far too long for children to get their education health and care plans, so I was pleased to hear that the county council had just recruited 46 additional members of staff.
It is also building new special schools, including two more in Chelmsford, but what can make a difference is specialist hubs within mainstream schools, helping children from that school and from neighbouring schools.
Given that we have large numbers of schools being rebuilt in Essex due to reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—does the Secretary of State agree that this could provide an opportunity, and that we should look at all the schools that are due to be rebuilt and consider putting specialist hubs into those rebuilding programmes?
My right hon.
Friend mentions the considerable investment that is going into special educational needs and high needs budgets.
There is also provision for capital to build new free schools and school places.
As we look to rebuild some of the schools affected by RAAC, which has now all been identified—every school has its budget details—we urge local authorities to consider what will best meet the needs of young people in their area.
There is flexibility on free school places as well: those schools look at what to come forward with as regards provision that is needed to address local need.