On this special

occasion of his 92nd birthday, please join me in wishing Russell J.

Salvatore the happiest of birthdays, with many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF THOMAS FRISBIE

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Mr. Thomas Frisbie on his retirement, after an extraordinary career as

an award-winning writer and editor.
Since 1976 Mr. Frisbie has, as he

likes to say ``held almost every job at the Chicago Sun-Times besides

editor''.
His commitment to bringing Chicago the news has earned many accolades

over the years, including the Jacob Scher Award for Excellence in

Investigative Reporting for his series covering insurance fraud at

Illinois' largest driving school.
He was a finalist for the Peter

Lisagor Award twice for his work on judicial conflicts of interest and

the open sale of illegal drugs in Cook County Forest Preserves.
He was

also a finalist the Lisagor Award for Editorial Cartoons.
He was the news editor for the Sun-Times' afternoon edition, the

Chicago Sun-Times Final Markets and the Chicago Sun-Times PM edition.
He also co-authored ``Victims of Justice'' and contributed, and

edited ``20th Century Chicago: 100 Years,100 Voices,'' a chronological

history of Chicago.
Mr. Speaker, please join me and all of our colleagues in the House of

Representatives in recognizing Mr. Frisbie for his immense contribution

of keeping Chicagoans informed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BETHEL AME CHURCH OF BUFFALO AND REVEREND PAUL J. THOMAS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

honor a foundational institution in Western New York's spiritual and

civil life, the Bethel African Methodist Episcopal Church of Buffalo,

NY and its dedicated pastor, Reverend Paul J. Thomas.
Founded in 1831, Bethel AME Church stands as the oldest African-

American congregation in Western New York.
For nearly two centuries,

Bethel has been a cornerstone of strength, faith, and leadership in

Buffalo, nurturing generations, advancing social justice, and offering

an unwavering commitment to the community it serves.
It is a place

where history and hope walk hand in hand, where the spirit of unity and

progress has never wavered.
Under the leadership of Reverend Paul J, Thomas, Bethel AME continues

to thrive.
Reverend Thomas brings a wealth of knowledge, compassion,

and a vision to his ministry.
A graduate of Lincoln University of

Pennsylvania and Turner Theological Seminary, he combines his training

with a heart for education and outreach, holding a master's degree in

Special Education as well.
His leadership has deepened the church's

mission, strengthened its outreach, and reaffirmed its role as a

spiritual and cultural anchor in Buffalo.
As we welcome visitors from across New York State and the greater

First Episcopal District, including Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware,

New England, and Bermuda, to the 29th Session of the Western New York

Conference, hosted by Bethel AME, we are reminded of the power of faith

to bring people together and to move communities forward.
Reverend Thomas and the entire Bethel AME family represent the very

best of the City of Good Neighbors.
Their work uplifts lives, unites

neighborhoods, and strengthens the bonds that hold our community

together.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MIKE COLE

HON.
JAMES P. McGOVERN

Mr. McGOVERN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor someone who's spent

his life making sure the rest of us stay informed--not by standing in

front of a camera, but by quietly, tirelessly, and professionally

working behind it for over four decades.
Even though you don't see his face on TV, Mike Cole is a cornerstone

of Boston journalism and one of the most trusted names in the business.
He got his start at WHDH before moving to FOX 25--eventually landing at

WCVB in 2003.