Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleague Congressman Ro

Khanna to recognize Fremont Firefighter Anthony Ganzler, on the

occasion of his passing on March 17, 2025, at the age of 42.
Anthony joined the Fremont Fire Department in 2019, serving on the

Department's Special Operations Task Force.
Prior to joining the

Fremont Fire Department, Anthony worked at the El Dorado County Fire

Protection District as a Firefighter/Emergency Medical Technician from

2015 to 2019.
Predating his time as a firefighter, Anthony served in the United

States Army's 173rd Airborne Division for more than eight years.
Throughout his service he was stationed in Hawaii, Alaska, and a number

of other locations throughout the country.
Anthony was one of many firefighters in the department who raised

awareness about men's health issues during the month of November each

year.
His enthusiastic support for the campaign titled ``Movember'' is

apparent in his most recent fire department photo, which now

memorializes his notorious sense of humor.
Anthony was known as a lion of a man with a big heart and warm

personality.
He will always be remembered as a kind and selfless

individual who dedicated his life to serving others.
Our communities will miss his presence deeply.
He had a deep devotion

to public service and his passing is an immeasurable loss for everyone

around him, including his colleagues at the Fremont Fire Department.
We send our deepest condolences to Anthony's wife, Erin, and his two

daughters, Savannah and Abigail, as well as his other surviving family,

friends, and fellow firefighters who were lucky to have Anthony in

their lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TIME DEALER OF THE YEAR 2025

HON.
MARK B. MESSMER

Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my constituent Raymond

Farabaugh, Co-President of D-Patrick, Inc. in Evansville, Indiana, who

was named the 2025 TIME Dealer of the Year at the National Automobile

Dealers Association Show in New Orleans, Louisiana.
This prestigious

award reflects the dedication, hard work, and commitment of the entire

team at D-Patrick.
Mr. Farabaugh was chosen among a field of 49

national dealer nominees and was selected by a panel of judges from the

Tauber Institute at the University of Michigan.
Mr. Farabaugh graduated with a B.S. in psychology from the University

of Dayton.
Ten years after his graduation, he had the opportunity to

start as the finance manager at his father-in-law's Honda dealership.
He moved to different dealerships within the group and rose from sales

manager to general manager.
In 1998, Mr. Farabaugh and his brother-in-

law purchased the dealership and now share ownership and

responsibilities at D-Patrick.
D-Patrick has invested hundreds of thousands of dollars annually in

an array of local Indiana organizations, such as Ark Crisis Children's

Center, Boone County Cancer Society, Boys & Girls Club of Evansville,

Evansville Philharmonic Orchestra, Mesker Park Zoo & Botanic Garden,

Ronald McDonald House Charities of Ohio Valley, Special Olympics

Indiana, Tri-State Food Bank and Walk to End Alzheimer's Southwest

Indiana.
Mr. Farabaugh is a member of the Automobile Dealers Association of

Indiana, where he has served as President and currently as a member of

the Board of Directors.
Mr. Farabaugh was nominated for this award by Marty Murphy, Executive

Vice President of the Automobile Dealers Association of Indiana.
I

congratulate Mr. Farabaugh on this outstanding honor of being named the

2025 TIME Dealer of the Year.
I commend him for all his contributions

to the community and wish him and his family's business continued

success.