She is now receiving national recognition

for her inspiring efforts, and she will be honored as New York's

recipient of the Kindest Kid in America award.
To celebrate her achievement, the award organization has created a

children's book inspired by Miss Houston's journey.
She will read it to

students throughout Western New York in hopes of inspiring a new

generation to lead with compassion and purpose.
Miss Houston has said,

``Being kind isn't just about being nice to people--it's about taking

action to help others.''
She lives by those words.
From volunteering

and mentoring to working with the Buffalo Urban League to organize an

informational event for prospective foster and adoptive families, she

is a true changemaker in her community.
In addition to her advocacy, Miss Houston is also a competitive

dancer training in multiple styles and performing at high-level

competitions.
Her dedication to dance has helped build the discipline

and confidence that now serve her well as she prepares to compete in

the Miss New York pageant.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating Destini Houston--not only

as Miss Western New York's Teen or the Kindest Kid in America but as a

role model, a community leader, and a beacon of hope for the future.
Her impact reaches far beyond titles and trophies.
Miss Houston reminds

us all that even the smallest acts of kindness can lead to something

truly extraordinary.
Destini's leadership has left an indelible mark on

our city, and we are all the better for it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 92ND BIRTHDAY OF RUSSELL J. SALVATORE

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
I rise today to celebrate the 92nd birthday

of a remarkable individual, Russell J. Salvatore, a beloved member of

our community and Army veteran

whose impact has touched countless lives through his generosity,

leadership, and entrepreneurial spirit.
Mr. Salvatore is the proud owner of the renowned Russell's Steaks,

Chops, & More, as well as Salvatore's Grand Hotel in Williamsville, New

York.
He is widely respected not only for his success in the restaurant

and hospitality industries but also for his immense philanthropy.
Over

the years, Mr. Salvatore has donated millions to various worthy causes,

making him a leading philanthropist in the Western New York region.
Mr. Salvatore's career in the restaurant industry began at a young

age, working alongside his father, Joseph.
After nearly four decades in

the business, he took his passion to new heights by opening Russell's

Steaks, Chops, & More at the age of 75, proving that his dedication to

the industry remains as strong as ever.
Throughout his career, Mr. Salvatore has made significant investments

within Western New York, including funding transportation vans for

veterans, contributing to the rebuilding of a Boys and Girls Club after

a devastating fire, supporting Shea's Performing Arts Center, and

assisting with the construction of the Niagara University Russell J.

Salvatore Student Commons.
His impact is also felt at the Miracle

League of Grand Island's special needs baseball diamond, and he has

supported countless educational and healthcare organizations across the

region.
In addition to his remarkable contributions, Mr. Salvatore's

commitment to giving back has been further recognized through numerous

accolades, including being named Humanitarian of the Year in 2018.
His

foundation continues to support organizations like ECMC, Kaleida

Health, Oishei Children's Hospital, Catholic Health, and other

organizations throughout Western New York.
Mr. Speaker, Russell J. Salvatore's legacy is one of profound

generosity and civic responsibility.
He is an integral part of our

``City of Good Neighbors'' and has enriched the Western New York

community through years of hard work and selflessness.
On this special

occasion of his 92nd birthday, please join me in wishing Russell J.

Salvatore the happiest of birthdays, with many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE RETIREMENT OF THOMAS FRISBIE

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.