Through her work, Dr.

Johnson has shown that true leadership means uplifting others, creating

opportunities for positive change, and making a lasting difference in

the lives of those in need.
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Candace Johnson's recognition as the Boy Scouts of

America's Distinguished Citizen is a well-deserved tribute to her

outstanding contributions to both the Western New York community and

the world.
Her leadership continues to inspire us all to live by the

values of citizenship, community service, and integrity, and to make a

meaningful impact wherever we can.
Her example serves as a beacon of

what it means to be a distinguished citizen and a leader who embodies

the very best of what we can achieve for the greater good and we are

all the better for it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DANIELLE ROBERTS

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate Danielle Roberts, a cause-driven leader whose unwavering

passion and commitment to community have made a profound impact

throughout Western New York.
In her role as Vice President of Community Impact, Ms. Roberts

oversees YMCA Buffalo Niagara's association-wide fundraising and

outreach initiatives and leads major community programs, including the

iconic YMCA Turkey Trot--the oldest consecutively run footrace in the

world.
She also played a key leadership role in the YMCA's Capital

Campaign to construct a new 65,000-square-foot state-of-the-art

facility that will expand access to health and wellness resources for

everyone in Western New York to enjoy.
A staunch advocate for equity, Ms. Roberts has worked to close racial

disparities in swim instruction and water safety, particularly among

African-American teens, who face significantly higher risks of drowning

due to a lack of access.
Under her guidance, the William-Emslie YMCA

and its partners are building pathways for competitive swimming and

promoting safety education in historically underserved communities.
Beyond her YMCA work, Ms. Roberts serves as a national trainer for

YUSA, specializing in diversity and cultural lens training.
Her

extensive background includes experience in banking, treasury

management, education, public speaking, grant writing, and the

performing arts.
She is also the Executive Director of Entertaining

Angels Productions, a faith-based arts organization, and a classically

trained dancer.
Earlier in her career, she proudly performed as a

professional NFL cheerleader with the Buffalo Bills as a Buffalo Jill.
Mr. Speaker, Danielle Robert's extraordinary service and leadership

to the people of Western New York continues to inspire us all to live

by the values of citizenship, community service, and integrity, and to

make a meaningful impact wherever we can.
Her example serves as a

beacon of what it means to be a good neighbor in the ``City of Good

Neighbors'' and a leader who embodies the very best of what we can

achieve for the greater good, and we are all the better for it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DESTINI HOUSTON AS THE KINDEST KID IN AMERICA

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

extraordinary young leader from Western New York--Miss Destini Houston.
At just 16 years old, Miss Houston is showing us all that leadership,

kindness, and advocacy can go hand in hand.
Miss Houston was recently crowned Miss Western New York's Teen, a

title she has embraced not for the spotlight but to shine a light on

causes close to her heart.
She is now receiving national recognition

for her inspiring efforts, and she will be honored as New York's

recipient of the Kindest Kid in America award.
To celebrate her achievement, the award organization has created a

children's book inspired by Miss Houston's journey.
She will read it to

students throughout Western New York in hopes of inspiring a new

generation to lead with compassion and purpose.