Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor someone who's spent

his life making sure the rest of us stay informed--not by standing in

front of a camera, but by quietly, tirelessly, and professionally

working behind it for over four decades.
Even though you don't see his face on TV, Mike Cole is a cornerstone

of Boston journalism and one of the most trusted names in the business.
He got his start at WHDH before moving to FOX 25--eventually landing at

WCVB in 2003.
But the values he's carried from newsroom to newsroom

haven't changed: Fairness, transparency, accountability, and truth.
For the past 28 years, Mike has been a force of nature at WCVB,

producing NewsCenter 5 and the Sunday morning political program On the

Record.
It's the most-watched political talk show in New England--and

for good reason.
It's thoughtful, fair, and tough.
And Mike is one of

the main reasons why: Chasing down stories, booking guests, double-

checking facts, and putting together a show that keeps viewers informed

and engaged.
He has an uncanny ability to know which questions will

break news and get people talking.
I've had the privilege of going On

the Record many times over the years, and I can tell you that Mike is

the real deal.
He cares deeply about getting clear, concise, accurate

information on the air.
And that kind of public service is beyond

invaluable.
Mr. Speaker, I also think it's important to recognize that this kind

of journalism is under attack.
Here in the United States, we've seen political leaders demonize

reporters just for doing their jobs.
We've heard phrases like ``fake

news'' used to discredit hard truths.
We've seen threats against

journalists trying to tell the public what's going on.
And around the

world, autocrats and strongmen are increasingly throwing reporters in

jail, shutting down news outlets, and targeting those they don't like

with censorship and violence

In moments like this, we need to uplift people who are fighting for

the truth.
Because at the end of the day, freedom of the press is about

more than just the ability of a journalist to write or say whatever

they want.
It's about our ability, as a society, to make decisions

based on the facts--put in context, and delivered fairly and

impartially.
Mr. Speaker, it is

not an exaggeration to say that our democracy depends on people like

Mike Cole--working behind the scenes to get the story right, to ask

hard questions, and to speak truth to power.
So, on behalf of the people of the Second Congressional District of

Massachusetts and the United States Congress--I thank Mike for his

dedication, his professionalism, his integrity, and his decades of

service to the people of New England.
We're all better off because of

his work to shine the light of truth on the stories that matter--and to

hold accountable those we entrust to lead our communities, our

commonwealth, and our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MARY SELECKY

HON.
SUZAN K. DelBENE

Ms. DelBENE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, alongside my colleague Rep.

Dan Newhouse, to honor the life and legacy of Washington's former

Secretary of Health, Mary Selecky.
For over four decades, Mary

dedicated her life and career to public health throughout Washington.
She began her career as the administrator for the Northeast Tri County

Health District.
In 1999, she was appointed as the Secretary of Health

by Governor Gary Locke and continued in that role under Governors Chris

Gregoire and Jay Inslee until her retirement in 2013.
During her tenure, Mary was instrumental in reducing smoking rates

and increasing childhood vaccination coverage across the state.
She was

known for her commitment to preventive care and for strengthening the

collaboration between state and local health agencies.
Beyond her professional accomplishments, Mary was deeply connected to

her community in Colville, Washington, where she resided for over 50

years.