These policies threaten the livelihoods of individuals and

our nation's economy--all so the obscenely wealthy grow more secure

while condemning the majority to a precarious existence, defenseless

against life's unpredictability and wholly susceptible to exploitation

and despair.
I will fight with every ounce of my being to oppose

President Trump's and Elon Musk's theft of Social Security and the

Republican effort to cripple Americans for their greed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 108TH BIRTHDAY OF MARGARET ELIZABETH MORTENSEN

HON.
MICHAEL K. SIMPSON

Mr. SIMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize an important birthday

being celebrated in Boise, Idaho.
Mrs. Margaret Elizabeth Mortensen

turns 108 years of age on April 21, 2025.
Margaret was born in Deer Lodge, Montana on April 21, 1917.
Her

parents were John Matthew Briggeman and Gerena Wolfe Briggeman.
Their

family moved with the Wolfe family to Lemhi, Idaho about 1920.
Margaret attended grade school in a one-room schoolhouse in Lemhi.
She then attended Idaho State College in Pocatello, Idaho, first as a

business major, then as a pharmacy major.
Margaret graduated in 1938 as

a pharmacist.
She worked in Homedale, Idaho where she met Art

Mortensen.
She married Art Mortensen on June 25, 1941, in Nampa, Idaho.
While still working as a pharmacist and wanting to help Art with his

aircraft flying business, Margaret began taking courses to become

certified as an aviation ground school instructor during WWII.
Margaret

taught aviation ground school to student pilots in Idaho and Oregon in

1942 and 1943, one of very few women in the Northwest to do so.
Margaret and Art had three children: Robert, Ann, and Perry.
After

the war, they owned and operated a drug store in Nampa, Idaho.
Since

the drug store was open six days a week, there was no vacation time.
After three years they sold the drug store, and took a vacation for six

months in Corpus Christi, Texas.
The family lived in a 16 ft travel

trailer on the beach.
Margaret and Art returned to Idaho and bought a

drug store in Parma.
They operated that store for four years before

selling it, and took the family to Fairbanks, Alaska in the 16 ft

travel trailer for the summer of 1959.
Next, they moved to San Jacinto,

California and stayed for two years.
Upon moving back to Idaho, they

bought and operated a drug store in Meridian, in 1961.
They sold that

drug store and moved back to Parma.
In 1968 Margaret and Art started

the A-BAR-M Mobile Home Park which provided affordable housing for

families living and working in the area.
While still managing the

Mobile Home Park, they moved to the San Juan Islands in the state of

Washington, where Margaret worked as the pharmacist in Friday Harbor.
After retirement, Margaret and Art bought a small motorhome and

traveled the United States from Washington to Florida.
Art Mortensen

passed away in 1987, in Bellingham, Washington.
Margaret now lives with

her son Robert and his wife Connie, in Boise.
Idaho.
She is celebrating

her 108th birthday on April 21, 2025, with family and friends.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Mrs. Margaret

Elizabeth Mortensen as she, her family, and friends, celebrate her

108th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING FIREFIGHTER ANTHONY GANZLER

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with my colleague Congressman Ro

Khanna to recognize Fremont Firefighter Anthony Ganzler, on the

occasion of his passing on March 17, 2025, at the age of 42.
Anthony joined the Fremont Fire Department in 2019, serving on the

Department's Special Operations Task Force.
Prior to joining the

Fremont Fire Department, Anthony worked at the El Dorado County Fire

Protection District as a Firefighter/Emergency Medical Technician from

2015 to 2019.