In the spirit of today’s cross-party working, will the Deputy Prime Minister join me in applauding the brave Labour staff members who travelled across the Atlantic to campaign against Donald Trump?
I am loving this love-in; I do not often get it.
What I will say to the right hon.
Gentleman is that people in their own time often go and campaign, and that is what we have seen.
It happens in all political parties—people go and campaign, and they do what they want to do in their own time with their own money.
Like many in my constituency of Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy, my family knows what it means to raise and support a disabled child.
Charities such as The Yard in Kirkcaldy do an amazing job providing vital additional help for disabled children and their families.
Last month, a survey found that our country is so broken that three quarters of parents of children with special educational needs and disabilities have been forced to give up work or cut their hours.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that our Labour Government must tackle this intolerable reality?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, and I pay tribute to those who work with children with special educational needs and disabilities.
I myself have my amazing son, who does tremendously well given the challenges he has faced in life.
I know from personal experience that the system is just not working for children and families.
Future funding decisions will need to be taken as part of the upcoming spending review, but we will work with the sector to deliver our shared mission and restore parents’ trust.
Just three months into this Labour Government, we have seen brutal cuts to support for pensioners and the taxing of education, and just this week we have seen £5 billion of additional pressure put on British businesses.
Why do this Government have such a problem with aspiration?
The hon.
Member might not have been in this place—I welcome him to his place now—in the last Parliament, but it was his Government who left the £22 billion black hole, his Government who left us with the biggest housing crisis, his Government  who crashed the economy and his Government who saw inflation go to 11%, where pensioners were worse off than they are now.
I watched in horror and condemned the act of 7 October by the terrorist group Hamas.
A year later, I watch in horror as 42,000 people are killed in Gaza, 11,000 of them children.
People have been burned alive attached to drips, aid workers have been killed and now families are starving.
Our right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has said that the world will not stand by and see the lack of humanitarian assistance.
If the Israeli Government will not listen to our Prime Minister’s words, what tangible, measurable actions will we take as the UK Government?