The Secretary of State was asked— Whether he has had discussions with the Northern Ireland Executive on recent trends in energy costs in Northern Ireland.
Although energy costs have come down, they remain too high.
Our priority is to ensure access to energy is affordable and secure for consumers.
That is why this Government have established Great British Energy, which will operate across the whole UK, including Northern Ireland.
The Department for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Northern Ireland Department for the Economy are working together positively on the GB Energy Bill.
It is a pleasure to see the Minister in her place and I wish her well; we have been friends for some time.
She will be aware of Northern Ireland’s unique energy profile: we are more heavily dependent and reliant on oil than other nations in the United Kingdom, with some 68% of people in Northern Ireland using oil.
Was that taken into consideration when the Government determined to cut the winter fuel allowance?
What discussions were had with the Northern Ireland Executive in relation to doing so?
I am aware that two thirds of Northern Ireland’s homes use oil.
The decision to means test winter fuel payments was not a decision the Government wished to make, but a result of the Conservative’s £22 billion black hole.
In Northern Ireland, the Executive have decided that winter fuel payments will continue to be paid to households where someone receives pension credit.
I have checked the figures; in Northern Ireland it is estimated that over 26,000 people could be eligible for pension credit and the winter fuel payment but are not receiving them.
I encourage anyone who is eligible, or knows someone who could be, to check and apply if they can.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help promote businesses in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the Northern Ireland economy.
Northern Ireland is a great place to live, work and invest.
That is something the Secretary of State and I have promoted in our over 120 visits and meetings.
Growth is a key mission of this Government, which is why we are supporting UK businesses through securing further investment and through our industrial strategy.
The Chancellor will set out the steps this Government are taking to support growth across the UK on  30 October .
Businesses in Northern Ireland are struggling to operate in a constantly shifting regulatory environment that is deterring investment and decreasing business confidence.
It is no wonder that a third of UK businesses want the Government to reduce Brexit-related barriers, such as customs procedures, according to a recent survey by Santander.
A starting point would be agricultural trade.
Will the Minister update the House on progress in negotiating a new veterinary and plant health agreement with the European Union?
Many businesses have secured excellent deals in Northern Ireland, including EY, which is bringing over 1,000 jobs; Wrightbus, at its bus factory in Ballymena; and Hannon Pharma Link.
We are working at pace on a veterinary agreement.
We want to reduce checks and the need for checks, doing all that we can to protect the UK’s internal market.
This Government have brought in economic stability in place of the economic chaos we saw up until now, and Northern Ireland businesses will benefit from that.
It is all very well talking about an industrial strategy, but economists agree that increasing national insurance contributions for employers reduces profits, reduces pay and leads to fewer jobs.
Does the Minister agree that if the Government decide to raise taxes, perhaps to fund union pay rises, then employer national insurance contributions would be the last tax to choose if they want to support Northern Ireland’s economy?
It is hard to take lectures from the Conservative party on investment and growth.
We have had a change election.
We will be investing in growth.
The hon.
Member has only a week to wait to listen to what will be happening in the Budget.
In the meantime, we are going at pace.
The international investment summit brought in considerable investment for companies based in Northern Ireland.
We are moving on with our industrial strategy, Invest 2035.
We are investing in skills and getting people into work, and transforming our health services.
That is essential so that people will want to come to Northern Ireland because of good  health services, and so that they will be well enough to work.
All of that is a package for investment in Northern Ireland.