Does the Secretary of State agree that to ensure sustainable finances the Northern Ireland Executive need to take steps to reform the NHS and public services?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view.
As the House will be aware, people in Northern Ireland face the longest waiting lists in the whole United Kingdom, and all Governments, including the Northern Ireland Executive, have to balance the money coming in and the funds that they can raise, and take decisions about public service reform.
I am very encouraged by the recent event organised by the Northern Ireland Health Minister, which Dr Bengoa, who produced a report on reform in Northern Ireland, returned to Northern Ireland to attend, because there is now a commitment to take forward that process.
What impact does the Secretary of State think that the UK leaving the European convention on human rights would have on the sustainability of Northern Ireland’s finances and devolved government?
Given that the European convention on human rights is one of the foundations of the Good Friday agreement, I am frankly astonished that anyone who aspires to lead His Majesty’s Opposition should suggest that our country should leave the ECHR.
It would be utterly irresponsible.
I commend all those who worked to re-establish devolved government earlier this year at Stormont.
It is now vital that the Northern Ireland Executive ensure that they have sustainable finances.
Does the Secretary of State agree that revenue raising by the Northern Ireland Executive has an important part to play in delivering financial sustainability and stability to Northern Ireland?
I do.
Indeed, raising £113 million was part of the deal that the last Government put in place as part of the £3.3 billion package that led to the restoration—well, that followed the restoration of the Executive.
That includes delivering a balanced budget in the current year, and I am very encouraged by the statements of the Northern Ireland Finance Minister in that regard.
The budget sustainability plan is commendable, but does the Secretary of State agree that our public services are in crisis?
Our roads are crumbling, we have the longest health waiting lists in the whole of the UK, and our schools need investment.
Northern Ireland needs to be in receipt of a fair long-term funding allocation, based on Treasury needs.
Will he confirm to the House that he is making the case for that to the Treasury for the people of Northern Ireland?
Northern Ireland’s greater spending needs are recognised.
The Northern Ireland Fiscal Council was established to answer the question of what that additional funding should be, and it came to the conclusion that the figure should be 124%, which will be met this year in respect of the budget.
The interim fiscal framework also said that if further credible sources come along suggesting that the figure should be different, the Government would undertake to look at that.
But nothing takes away from the Executive’s responsibility to manage the budget that they have, and to take decisions, including on reform.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the budget resources for the Northern Ireland Justice Minister are extremely short and that we are not able to recruit enough Police Service of Northern Ireland officers, and has he had any discussions with the Justice Minister about resolving that problem?
As the hon.
Member will be aware, decisions about the allocation of the Northern Ireland budget rest with the Northern Ireland Executive.
Funds go to the Justice Minister, who then decides principally how much to pass on to the policing board for policing costs and how much to deal with the justice system and the prisons, which are also under pressure.
I recognise the pressure that PSNI officers face, not least because I met a number of those who were injured in the recent disorder.