The reason we have set up the commission is to address the very points the right hon.
Gentleman makes about financial and environmental sustainability and viability.
I look forward to working with him and his Committee as the commission carries out its work, as we review its findings in the summer of next year, and as we then shape what will be significant new legislation to reset the sector—a reformed sector—in a new partnership with Government to bring in the investment that will finally clean up our waterways.
I declare an interest as a customer of Southern Water who lost my water supply for five days earlier this year, as did 30,000 of my constituents.
As the Secretary of State knows well from his visits to Hastings and to Rye, we have major issues from flooding to sewage to water outages.
I welcome the water commission.
How can my constituents, particularly volunteer groups such as the Clean Water Action group, have their voices heard, particularly their concerns about ensuring that the regulators have the power and resources to clean up our sea?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful campaigner for cleaner water.
In fact, it is hard to think of anybody who has campaigned harder on the issue.
The commission will seek to engage the public at large, as well as a wider  group of stakeholders who will be represented on an advisory group, which will include a customer voice.
Once the commission has reported, the Government will consult on those findings and that will inform the subsequent legislation that will reset this sector once and for all.
Order.
I say gently to the Secretary of State that I am here and he should be speaking through the Chair, not to the Member, as he has done for the last two questions.
We can work together to get everybody looking the right way.
I call Sir Gavin Williamson to set a good example.
In my constituency we have beautiful rivers, including the great and mighty River Trent and the River Penk.
Over the last few years, as more transparent data has become available, we have been able to see the number of sewage discharges going into those rivers.
Will the Secretary of State promise the House that looking at how we can reduce sewage discharges into the Trent and the Penk will be at the heart of what the commission does?
It is always a pleasure, of course, to gaze at you, Mr Speaker, rather than elsewhere in the Chamber.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
The point of the commission is to identify ways in which we can strengthen regulation and operations so that we can bring in the investment, clean up our water sector once and for all, and reduce and remove the pollution that is destroying so many beautiful rivers, including those in his constituency.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on the commission that has been set up today—it is absolutely fantastic.
Gower was the first area of outstanding natural beauty in the whole of the United Kingdom, and the bathing waters there are second to none, but some of them are less so.
I would like to highlight a campaign I have set up to test the bathing water in the winter season, with my constituents, local business and the Gower Society, because data is key—it is what will drive the improvement of our bathing water.
Will he congratulate Surfers Against Sewage, which has been really supportive, and everybody in my constituency who is taking part and taking control?
My hon.
Friend represents an incredibly beautiful part of the country in the Gower, and her constituents and the many people who visit those beauty spots will want to know that their children can enjoy the water without risk of contamination from polluted water.
Of course I congratulate Surfers Against Sewage and the many campaigners who have pushed for reform.
They will be invited to participate in the work of the commission—they have huge expertise.
I hope that, before long, her constituents who are testing the quality of the water will start to see improvements until it is pure and crystal clear, as it should always have been.