Fourteen years of Conservative failure have left our water sector in disrepair.
The rivers, lakes and seas that we all love have record levels of pollution.
Severe droughts are set to leave parts of the country facing significant water shortages by 2050, particularly in the south-east, and water companies forecast that England will need to find an extra 5 billion litres of water a day to fill the gap between supply and demand by that same year.
A rising population and the increasing impacts of climate change are putting strain on the water system.
Firmer action should have been taken by the previous Government to ensure that money was invested to fix the water and sewerage system.
Instead, they allowed that money to be siphoned off for bonuses while our water infrastructure crumbled.
A secure water supply is essential for every home and business throughout the country.
It is the foundation of our economy, our communities and our global security.
It is essential to life itself.
We use water to cool power stations, and it is vital to our electricity supply.
We use water to grow the crops that provide the food on our plate, and we use it to supply our leisure industries.
Without a resilient water supply, we cannot build the new homes and critical infrastructure that we need to grow the economy.
Concerns about pollution, water shortages, bill increases and the sector’s financial resilience all point to the need for profound change.
The water sector needs a complete reset, with a reformed water sector working in partnership with Government to bring in the investment we need.
We need a clear long-term plan to ensure that the sector puts customers and the environment first and can attract investment to upgrade our infrastructure.
We need a water system fit for the future.
We cannot clean up our rivers, lakes and seas overnight, but we have a plan, and the work of change has started.
On  11 July , I made a statement to the House on the agreement that I reached with water companies and Ofwat to ringfence money earmarked for investment in water infrastructure so that it can no longer be diverted for shareholder payouts and undeserved bonus payments.
On  9 September , we introduced the Water (Special Measures) Bill, which sets out new measures, including measures strengthening regulation to ensure that water bosses face personal criminal liability for serious and repeated lawbreaking; giving the water regulator new powers to ban the payment of bonuses if environmental standards are not met; and boosting accountability for water executives through a new code of conduct.
Today, I am pleased to announce the third stage of our plan.
Together with the Welsh Government, we are launching an independent commission that will lead the biggest review of the water industry since privatisation 35 years ago.
The commission will ensure that we have the robust regulatory framework that we need to attract the significant investment that is required to clean up our waterways,  build new infrastructure to address water scarcity, and restore public confidence in the sector.
I am delighted that it will be led by the former deputy governor of the Bank of England, Sir Jon Cunliffe, who has decades of economic and regulatory experience.
Sir Jon will be supported by an advisory group of experts covering areas such as the environment, public health, engineering, customers, investors and economics.
He will seek advice from wider groups of stakeholders including environmental campaigners, consumer champions, water companies, regulators and the public at large.
The commission will conduct a root-and-branch review of the water sector’s regulatory system.
It will cover the water industry in England and Wales and the strategic planning framework under the water framework directive and river basin management plans to ensure that strategic water planning across sectors is effective at catchment, regional and national scales.
Where housing, planning, agriculture and drainage interlink with strategic planning across the water system, they are also in scope.
The commission will set a new framework for the future.
It will not make recommendations that affect the current price review ’24 process, in order to ensure that there is a stable climate for investment as that process concludes.
It will be pragmatic and will focus on reforms that improve the privatised regulatory model.
Nationalisation of the water sector will not be in scope, because of the high costs of buying out the current owners, lack of evidence that it would lead to improvements, and the long delays that it would cause in the process of cleaning up polluted water and serving customers better.
The commission will make recommendations in the first half of 2025, reporting to me as Environment Secretary and to the Deputy First Minister and Cabinet Secretary for Climate Change and Rural Affairs in Wales.
Once it has made its recommendations, the UK and Welsh Governments will respond and consult on proposals, including subsequent legislation.
Further details of the commission’s scope, delivery, approach and timelines are set out in its terms of reference, which will be available on gov.uk today.
This Government will deliver an ambitious, long-term and collaborative approach to reforming the water sector, creating a strong new partnership between Government, water companies, customers, investors and all those who work to protect our precious environment.
The commission will set the groundwork for the reformed water sector that we want to see.
I thank Sir Jon for leading this important work.
This is our opportunity to ensure that our children, and their children, have the chance to create memories that will last a lifetime—to splash about at the seaside, row on our rivers or enjoy a picnic on the lake shore.
This is our opportunity to inject billions of pounds into the economy and to power UK growth by attracting global investment into a transformed water sector.
This is our opportunity to clean up our water once and  for all.