The Secretary of State highlights the scandal of sewage in our seas and rivers.
Indeed, raw sewage was dumped into our  rivers and seas for 3.6 million hours last year.
Since privatisation, £72 billion has been paid to shareholders in dividends, while his Department highlights that it would cost £56 billion to carry out the necessary investment, so privatisation has failed as a model for getting the investments in place.
Will he therefore confirm that the commission will look at what ownership model for water will be effective in addressing this scandal, including the option of bringing water back into public hands?
The reason I have ruled out nationalisation is that it would not resolve the problems we face.
We saw in the Olympics in France that the River Seine was not able to be used for swimming because of pollution.
That is a state-owned water system.
We see the problems in Scotland.
That is a state-owned water system as well.
The problems are those of governance and regulation.
Nationalisation would cost towards £100 billion of public money—money that does not exist—and the time it would take to unpick the current models of ownership, during which time investment would be choked off, would see our rivers, lakes and seas filled with even more sewage and pollution, rather than less.
I am more interested in the purity of our water than the purity of our ideology.
I will do what works best as quickly as possible.
The commission will give us guidance on how we should change the system to make sure it works for everybody.
For the last few weeks, I have been conducting independent tests, with colleagues from Bournemouth University, for nitrates and bacteria in the lovely Poole harbour and the surrounding waters.
I have noticed, from talking to colleagues, that the frequency of official testing and the number of sites at which those tests are carried out have been reduced significantly by the Environment Agency over the years.
Will the commission look at those issues?
Will testing and the frequency of testing be included in its work?
I recognise what my hon.
Friend says about Poole harbour.
It is, indeed, an incredibly beautiful part of the country.
I have visited it several times and, sadly, I have also seen the extent and impact of the pollution.
We are making sure that all sewage outlets are monitored through compulsory means, which is not the case currently.
The commission will look at how we can improve the testing and monitoring of water quality as part of the strengthening of regulation, which will form a key part of its work.