The budget sustainability plan highlights that Northern Ireland has been systemically underfunded, with the fiscal council estimating an annual shortfall of between £300 million and £400 million since 2022.
Meanwhile, the Northern Ireland Executive reported a £559 million overspend between 2022 and 2024.
What measures are the Government taking to address Northern Ireland’s immediate budgetary pressures, ensure long-term financial stability and equitable funding, and, crucially, guarantee sustainable public services?
In addition to the £3.3 billion package that followed the restoration of the Executive, the Executive gained £185 million in July when the main estimates were published.
In order to avoid having to repay the debt that the hon.
Member refers to, they have to put their finances on a sustainable path, deliver a balanced budget, and raise the additional £130 million revenue to which they committed when the deal was done.
The fiscal council’s view is that 124% is the right funding.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to remove barriers to trade between Northern Ireland and Great Britain.
The Government are committed to implementing the Windsor framework in good faith, and to protecting Northern Ireland’s place in the UK internal market.
We continue to take forward policies set out in “Safeguarding the Union”, including most recently the establishment of the independent monitoring panel and the publication of guidance under section 46 of the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020.
There is some concern regarding the supply of medicines to Northern Ireland.
The British Generic Manufacturers Association says that there is an “absurd situation” in which there will be shortages due to the bureaucracy of the “UK only” labelling required for medicines going into Northern Ireland.
The Government say that they are relaxed that the deadline will be met.
Is the Secretary of State relaxed about the continued supply of medicines coming into Northern Ireland?
It is really important that the medicines that are required continue to be supplied.
The industry has had quite a period in which to make arrangements to ensure that the labelling rules are met.
I hope that, in the time available, those companies that have not done so will do so.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on implementing the Windsor framework labelling  requirements set out in his Department’s Command Paper entitled “Safeguarding the Union”, published on 31 January 2024.
Having carefully considered the results of the consultation with industry, the Government decided not to proceed with the introduction of mandatory “Not for EU” labelling in Great Britian from  1 October 2024 .
Instead, we will take the powers necessary to apply “Not for EU” labelling in the future, if that is required to secure supplies in Northern Ireland.
The result of the Northern Ireland protocol, signed by the previous Government, has been to create an economic border between Northern Ireland and Great Britain, and the imposition of EU law, which has created a problem for the supply of goods to Northern Ireland.
When in opposition, Labour supported the idea of food labelling as a way of avoiding an interruption in the supply of food goods from GB to Northern Ireland, so why have the Government reneged on that promise, and what will be the trigger for its imposition if needed?
The consultation on UK-wide labelling led the industry to say that such labelling would impose huge costs on industry, and therefore on consumers, through raised goods prices.
The aim is to ensure that goods are not delisted in Northern Ireland.
That is why we are taking a power to ensure that if there is any evidence of that happening, the labelling requirements set out in “Safeguarding the Union” can be applied, including on individual products on a sectoral basis.
I did not come back to Josh Newbury after Question 5, so he will ask his supplementary question now.
Businesses in my constituency tell me that they face increased red tape and costs when importing from or exporting to Northern Ireland.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that he is committed to unfettered access for goods moving from Northern Ireland to Great Britian?
I certainly can confirm that, and it is set out in the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on violence against women and girls in Northern Ireland.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her new role as leader of the Social Democratic and Labour party, and I thank her for raising this important issue.
Seven women and girls have been killed violently in Northern Ireland this year alone.
That is devastating.
I have discussed the importance of action on violence against women and girls with the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister, and I welcome the Northern Ireland Executive making it a priority in their programme for Government, as well as the new strategic framework.
Mary Ward in my constituency became the fourth woman to be murdered in just six weeks in Northern Ireland.
It remains one of the most dangerous places in Europe to be a woman, with a femicide rate twice that of Britain.
We need to think deeply about the type of society that we have created, and that is manifesting in this way.
The recent publication of the Northern Ireland strategy on violence against women was overdue and very welcome.
Does the Minister agree that the funding and human resources attached to that strategy must be proportionate to the urgency and the deep roots of the issue?
Will she support the Executive as they review the sentencing and judicial processes that are contributing to these very preventable deaths?
My thoughts are with the family and friends, and all those affected by the murder of Mary Ward.
Every woman deserves to feel safe.
There is what has been called an epidemic of violence against women and girls in Northern Ireland.
I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the new strategy.
We need stronger action by the justice system and more support for frontline services in order to tackle harassment wherever it is—in homes, schools, workplaces, and on our streets.
We need to challenge and change misogynistic attitudes and behaviours.
That will need urgent action, and us working together, and this Government stand ready to do that.
Whether he has had discussions with the Police Service of Northern Ireland on its use of surveillance powers.
I meet regularly with the Chief Constable and his team to discuss a range of issues.
While the Chief Constable has operational independence, the Investigatory Powers Commissioner’s Office provides oversight of those powers to ensure that their use is necessary, proportionate and in accordance with the law.
At a recent hearing of the Investigatory Powers Tribunal, it became apparent that the Northern Ireland police force had been caught surveilling journalists’ telephones on the basis that they had received secret documents from whistleblowers.
The reason for the secrecy of those documents was to cover up the embarrassment of the Royal Ulster Constabulary about its handling of the Loughinisland massacre.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the future use of surveillance powers by the Northern Ireland police?
I am indeed aware of the background to this case.
The original search warrants were quashed and the police investigation was discontinued.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal is currently looking at this case, and it would not be appropriate for me to comment while that is ongoing.
The Chief Constable has set up the McCullough review to look at the wider issue, and the right hon.
Gentleman may well wish to make representations to that review.