In Kingsbridge, in my constituency, the residents are literally wading through sewage, which seeps out of the drains in heavy rain due to a mixture of increased sewage from new houses and ancient culverts that cannot cope.
I do not think that those residents will be encouraged by a review and a commission, which will not solve the problems they will face this winter.
Will the Minister  therefore meet me to discuss the particularly difficult and chronic problem in Kingsbridge?
We need to find a solution, because we have not had one for a long time and we desperately need to sort this out.
I have, of course, already taken action myself.
I had the water chief executives into my office just seven days after the general election, and we agreed a programme of initial reforms, including ringfencing customers’ money that is earmarked for investment, so that it cannot be diverted and spent on undeserved multimillion-pound bonuses or dividend payments.
We also have the Water (Special Measures)
Bill going through the House of Lords right now, which will ban the payment of those undeserved bonuses.
It is important that we understand exactly what has gone wrong in the sector that has led to a situation where regulation does not meet the requirements of the public, businesses, the economy or the environment.
Key proposals will be coming out of the commission on those issues, and I hope the hon.
Lady will welcome them when they come forward.
Today, a report found that rivers in the east and in London have the worst water quality in the UK, with an alarming amount of chemicals found.
Citizen science has played a key role up to now in monitoring the quality of our water, so will the Secretary of State join me in paying tribute to citizen scientists and volunteers and assure us that their voices will be heard in this important work?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
The many campaign groups and citizen scientists have had a huge impact on raising the profile of the sewage scandal affecting our country and in pointing to some of the ways in which we can start to fix things.
Sir Jon’s commission will have an advisory group with representation from campaign groups and consumers.
There will also be wide engagement with the public, both through the work of the commission itself and subsequently, as we work towards the reform legislation that will reset the sector once and for all.
In the absence of a plan, it is always a good idea to do a review.
My constituents are being failed by our local sewage infrastructure—Thames Water is a total and utter disgrace.
However, I really welcome the Secretary of State’s statement, because I think I have found an unlikely ally.
The Labour Government will force through building on the green belt in my constituency, with a whole host of new houses—a situation exacerbated by the failure of the Liberal Democrat administration in Elmbridge to deliver a local plan.
Given the time it will take the commission to report back, and given that these new houses will require more sewerage, does the Secretary of State agree that we should pause and think again about the house building targets until the review has been completed?
I thought the hon.
Gentleman was standing up to apologise for the fact that the Conservative Government did absolutely nothing for 14 years, other than watch the torrent of effluent going into our rivers, lakes and seas increase and pollute them.
My hon.
Friend the Water Minister would be more than happy to meet him to discuss the issues that he raises in his constituency.