Our child protection services have had to deal with a number of cases where parents and carers have argued that their fatal actions were lawful punishment.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister bring forward legislation bringing the rest of our country into line with Scotland and Wales, so that all children enjoy unambiguous protection in law against violence?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point.
I will ensure that the Minister has a meeting with him.
The first job of any Government is to protect their citizens and that includes our children.
We will make sure we work across the House to deliver that.
Last Friday was International Menopause Day and the Government announced Mariella Frostrup as the new menopause employment ambassador.
Mariella will be working across Whitehall to ensure every Department recognises the need to support women through their menopausal years.
Hopefully, the Deputy Prime Minister will join me in celebrating that appointment, and confirm that this Government will do all they can to keep menopausal women happy, healthy and wonderful.
Absolutely, and I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work in this area.
This Government will boost protections for women experiencing menopause symptoms at work and I am proud that we have appointed Mariella Frostrup as the new menopause employment ambassador.
She is a powerful champion who will work with employers across the country to  raise awareness and improve workplace support for women, and help them to stay in work and progress in their careers.
Charlie from my constituency is an eight-year-old boy with an autism diagnosis who has been out of school for almost a year.
He is one of 1,800 children in Surrey missing school because of a lack of appropriate special educational needs provision.
Will the Government commit to ending this scandal by properly funding special educational needs provision in next week’s Budget, so that children like Charlie, in my constituency of Esher and Walton and beyond, are no longer let down?