The Secretary of State recently outlined to this House the serious situation with the Yantar—a clear example of the threat posed to our critical undersea infrastructure, and of the work that we need to do to defend ourselves and deter potential attacks.
Does that not show that we need to increase our defence spending as quickly as possible to defend our crucial infrastructure and protect national security?
The hon.
Member is right.
We are increasing our defence spending.
In the Budget, we increased defence spending by £3 billion, and in the spring, after the publication of the strategic defence review, we will set out a path to spending 2.5% of our GDP on defence.
Our undersea cables are critical to the economy, public services and social order in this country.
Given the hostile activity undertaken—the surveying of our cables—can Ministers give assurances that the full needs of our Navy will be reflected in the strategic defence review, so that we can defend our homeland security?
As a Navy brat and representative of a naval constituency, that is foremost in my mind.
It is not just the Royal Navy that defends our critical national infrastructure; in the case of the Yantar, that was done by the RAF, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary and the Royal Navy, as well as a joint integrated operation of all our forces working together to defend our interests.
Anyone threatening our infrastructure should be in no doubt that the UK possesses formidable capabilities to defend itself—and we will.
Last week, I had the privilege of visiting His Majesty’s naval base Clyde with a number of my colleagues from across the House.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the House that he is working with the Scottish Government to address the capacity and retention issues at the base, and that the Scottish Government are engaging positively on the industrial defence strategy?
Clyde is an important base for our national security.
It is one of our critical military assets, and we work closely on it, not just with the Scottish Government and local councils, but across the entirety of Government.
The success of our defence does not rely just on the actions and decisions of the Ministry of Defence; it is a whole-of-Government approach that keeps our nation safe.
In these more difficult times, we will ask for more of a whole-of-Government approach, to ensure that the men and women of our fighting forces, and the civilians who support them, have what they need to keep our nation safe.
The proposed AQUIND interconnector between France and England will slice through my constituency, causing huge disruption, but of more significant concern is the fact that the Ministry of Defence has raised serious national security concerns about the proposed submarine power cable.
Does the Minister agree that we cannot do  anything to jeopardise our national security, and will he formally lodge an objection with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, who will consider the proposal?
I am familiar with the campaigning work of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , who has raised similar concerns.
If the right hon.
Lady writes to me about that, I will be happy to meet her to discuss it further.