I am pleased to confirm that the Ministry of Defence signed the dyslexia-friendly workplace pledge at the end of last year, making us the first UK Government Department to do so.
It is a fantastic step forward that signals that the MOD is a top employer for people with dyslexia.
Whatever someone’s ability, there is a role for them within our armed forces, because our armed forces need people with a whole range of abilities, backgrounds and expertise to keep our nation safe.
In my constituency we are proud to host the Defence Medical Services at Whittington.
We are looking forward to a fresh date being set for a visit from my hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans and People so that he can see its brilliant work for himself.
What steps is the Minister taking to build on the success of such centres of excellence in any new recruitment programmes?
It is vital that we seek to invest in Defence Medical Services, especially as we live in more difficult and contested times where we may need to use its expertise and that of the national health service across the UK to support a warfighting effort.
I know the Minister for Veterans and People is looking forward to visiting Whittington later this year.
I hope that when  the strategic defence review comes out, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tamworth (Sarah Edwards)  will see the path to investment and support that we are offering Defence Medical Services as we look to create a whole-of-society approach to our defence.
Soldiers will be leaving the Army, rather than being recruited, if we continue to allow the persecution of soldiers who served in Northern Ireland.
Last week’s coroner’s report into the Clonoe and Coalisland shootings was 51 pages of facts and eight pages of naïve speculation, which led right into the IRA’s attempt to rewrite the history of Northern Ireland.
Without the Northern Ireland legacy legislation, how will the Secretary of State prevent that, because if he fails, what should be a process of peace and reconciliation will turn into a vindictive, vengeful pursuit of men whose only sin was to serve their country with honour, heroism and skill, and in the most terrifying conditions?
If we cannot prevent that, all the recruiting efforts will fail.
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that his passion is also felt on the Government Benches, and the ministerial team want to support all our veterans.
The issue that he raises is difficult for me to comment on as it is subject to ongoing legal matters, and he will appreciate that it is hard for a Minister to comment in such circumstances— Order.
I reassure the Minister that there are no legal restrictions on this case.
It is not the courts; it is only a coroner.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am grateful for the right hon.
Gentleman’s question none the less.
The Ministry of Defence is continuing our conversations with the Northern Ireland Office, which is the lead Department for such matters.
We will continue to support our veterans, and we will continue conversations with the Northern Ireland veterans commissioner as to how we can support veterans in Northern Ireland in particular.
Following on from the previous question, does the Minister accept that recruitment is bound to be disincentivised by a finding, 30 years on, that people who did their duty and encountered armed IRA terrorists on murderous active service, and protected the public as a consequence, find themselves vilified 30 years later by the coroner’s service?
How can that be right, and what steps will the Government take to protect our armed forces not just now but going into the future, including what happened in the past?
This is a matter that the Ministry of Defence has discussed today with the Northern Ireland Office—it is a Northern Ireland Office lead, and we will be working closely with it on that.
Announcements have already been made in relation to this by the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, and I reassure the hon.
and learned Gentleman that a career in the armed forces is a brilliant career for anyone looking at it.
This Government will continue to support those people who serve, and those who have served, to ensure that they get all the support they need to defend our country in service, and benefit from that service after they have left uniform.
Further to the points made by right hon.
and hon.
Members, if we are going to have recruitment, we need to have protection.
If we are to have protection, we must ensure that the disgraceful scenes—the SAS killed four IRA men who were returning from a bombing and shooting attack on a police station, trying to kill.
The SAS were confronted by those killers, murderers, terrorist scum that they are, who were armed to the teeth with a machine gun that could fire 500 rounds in a minute and an AK-47.
Is it not right that our soldiers should be protected?
They were confronted by the enemy.
That enemy was never going to surrender, and they got their just deserts.
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we on the Government Benches share the same passion that all veterans should get the support they need.
We will continue to discuss that aspect with our Northern Ireland Office colleagues, who take the lead on this matter.
I encourage him to continue to raise questions, because it is important that we support all our veterans, no matter where they served across the United Kingdom.
That is a matter that the Secretary of State and I, as well as the Minister for Veterans and People, will continue to discuss with colleagues across the Government.