Surely, one of the most important lessons from the war in Ukraine for our own military base is the urgent need to fire up the defence industry and increase its capacity.
However, today we learned from ADS that British defence manufacturers will be hit with a £600 million tax rise this Parliament from higher national insurance.
Why are the Government prioritising higher taxes on defence instead of higher defence spending?
On the contrary, we are backing British industry.
We are looking for firms that can design, invent and make in Britain—a big change from the industrial policy under the previous Government.
I was  in Derby recently to announce an eight-year contract for Rolls-Royce that will support more than 1,000 apprentices—200 each year—and thousands of small businesses in supply chains across the country.
I know all about the Unity deal because, as the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry said, I negotiated it.
This is extraordinary complacency on tax from the Secretary of State.
The Government are taxing not just the defence industry but the education of defence people’s children and death-in-service payments.
The fact is that the Defence Secretary is under “a tax” from all sides.
The question is: is that how the Government will pay for their Chagos deal?
We stepped up and accelerated the negotiations to conclude the Rolls-Royce contract, and I was able to announce it the other week to apprentices and management at Rolls-Royce.
We are putting nearly £3 billion extra into defence this year.
We recognise, as everyone does, that we must increase defence spending.
We will return UK defence spending to a level that we have not seen since Labour was last in government in 2010, directing it first and foremost to British industry.
This week is National Apprenticeship Week.
I know from my constituents that apprenticeships are a vital and successful route into the workplace.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming the 26,000 apprenticeships in the defence sector across the country?
Will the Government continue to build the right skills and workforce of the future through apprenticeships?
I am very happy to acknowledge my hon.
Friend’s point.
I met many apprentices late last week at the launch of National Apprenticeship Week.
Whichever factory I visit, I meet apprentices—young men and women—who are thrilled by the opportunities that a career in defence gives them.
They all have smiles on their faces and futures in front of them.
It is great that National Apprenticeship Week highlights all that.
We pressed the Government to extend continuity of education allowances to 100% for service families.
We were told that there would be no exemptions from the depredations of the decision to impose VAT on school fees, but it turns out that the children of American servicemen and women are exempt.
Would it not be fair to extend that exemption to the men and women who serve our country?
There is a long-standing deal with other nations on the welfare of families and so on.
This Government are supporting our armed forces community.
We will pay 90% through the CEA.
We have given service personnel the biggest pay rise, and we are addressing the recruitment and retention crisis that we were left with.
The Government are rightly proud of the men and women who work in our defence industry.
Will the Minister join me in encouraging excellent universities such as  Keele University in Newcastle-under-Lyme to work with our defence sector to create good jobs for local people, boost skills and safeguard our national security?
I am more than happy to join my hon.
Friend in making those points.
He is right that we must fully support defence companies and their personnel, and we must ensure that universities such as Keele, and all others across the further and higher education sectors, welcome defence firms at their careers fairs.
Do the Secretary of State, his officials and his chiefs have a plan to implement the additional resource from 2.5% of GDP when it arrives?
If they do not, we will be faced with lengthy delays while procurement plans are put in place.
Is this a case of ministerial prevarication, or is there a serious plan?
If 2.5% arrives but there are no plans for procurement ready to hit the ground running, we will actually be no further forward than we were at 2%.
Mr Speaker, we have the commitment and we have the plan.