I rise in support of this important Bill, which is a crucial step as this Government regain control of our borders after the Conservative party lost control.
My constituency is a diverse and welcoming place.
We have a long and proud history of migrants from around the world coming to work and contribute to our community, and we have a proud history of welcoming refugees fleeing persecution and abuse.
That compassion is part of who we are as a country, but our compassion must always come alongside control and a system that is fair.
That is why my constituents are right to be angry about illegal crossings.
When the last Government lost control of our borders, it risked lives and undermined our national security, and meant that people could cheat the system.
It also meant that millions of pounds were being spent unnecessarily while our public services were on their knees.
Enough is enough.
This Government are determined to secure our borders.
Whereas the Conservative party chose the path of sounding tough but failing to deliver, since the election this Government have rolled up their sleeves.
Whereas the Conservative party picked fights with France, we have made landmark deals with international partners.
Whereas the Conservative party spent nearly £9 million a day on hotels for asylum seekers, we have restarted processing to save the taxpayer £4 billion a year over the  next two years, and to end the use of hotels.
Whereas the Conservative party spent years pursuing the fiction of the Rwanda scheme to send a sum total of four volunteers, on our watch 32 charter flights have returned migrants across the world, enforced returns are up by 24% on the year before the election, and our streets have been made safer through the removal of 2,500 foreign criminals.
The Bill before us does two really important things.
First, it removes from the statute book the fallacy of the Rwanda scheme—the so-called deterrent that saw 84,000 people cross the channel between the day it was announced and the day it was scrapped.
Secondly, the Bill removes a hodgepodge of unenacted and unworkable clauses, whose sole purpose in law is to act as a monument to Conservative failure.
Most importantly, this Bill delivers a range of counter-terror-style powers that I believe will enable us systematically to dismantle the vile criminal gangs who facilitate small boat crossings and risk lives.
It introduces new offences, so that we can use every tool possible to put gang leaders away; new powers to seize devices, check biometrics and share data; and a new role for our new Border Security Command, so that we can ensure that all agencies work together.
No more empty rhetoric; instead, a common-sense, intelligence-led approach to border security.
We are taking down the gangs and building the international relationships that we need to regain control.
We have turbocharged our asylum system so that we can return people with no right to be here and allow those granted asylum the chance to work and contribute.
A real plan.
No more empty rhetoric from the Conservatives or Reform; these are concrete steps to secure our borders, and I will be proud to vote for Second Reading today.
I am grateful for the hon.
Member’s question—it is a good one.
We are seeing more risks posed to our critical underwater infrastructure by players who wish harm to our national security.
We already have brilliant capability in RAF Proteus, which is able to support our infrastructure and that of our allies.
When the strategic defence review is published in the spring, I am sure that there will be more developments in that direction.