Recent weeks have seen troubling headlines for LGBT personnel, and we on the Lib Dem Benches believe that everyone is welcome in our armed forces, regardless of their sexual orientation, ethnicity or gender identity.
Can the Minister outline what steps have been taken to promote the British values of inclusion, particularly for the LGBT community, among our NATO allies?
Will the Minister provide an update on the compensation scheme for LGBT veterans who were impacted by the military’s anti-gay ban?
When we started the Etherton review, a lot of engagement went out across some of our NATO allies to take best practice.
Now that we have launched the programme, we are also making sure that people can understand the successes and perhaps some of the improvements as it progresses.
As the House will know, the Defence Secretary announced our findings from the Etherton review on  12 December , with a 50% increase in the financial redress system for those affected by the LGBT ban.
Things are now heading in the right direction, with more than 500 people starting the application process.
What his planned timetable is for awarding the new medium helicopter contract.
The new medium helicopter competition is at the evaluation and approval stage.
If everything goes well, I anticipate a contract award later this year, subject to all the usual approvals.
A significant number of my constituents contribute to the defence sector, whether through apprenticeships, graduate roles or skilled employment.
Many were schooled in West Dorset and now work in the surrounding areas, including for firms such as Leonardo in the neighbouring constituency of Yeovil.
What assurances can the Minister give that contracts such as the new medium helicopter will be awarded quickly so that the futures of the many apprentices and employees in the defence sector are protected?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: some of these programmes can take a long time to get to contract.
In fact, this programme experienced delays in securing outline business case approval under the previous Government.
I hope that we can get it to the end of the line as swiftly as possible, in accordance with the current process, and that some of his constituents will benefit from having work to do on the new programme.
What progress his Department has made on achieving a 30% inflow of women into the armed forces by 2030.
We inherited a retention and recruitment crisis, which must be addressed across all different cohorts.
Increasing female representation benefits our warfighting and readiness, but we are still some way from where the hon.
Lady and I would like us to be on the issue.
The latest figures from October 2024 show 11.9% female representation in the regular forces and 15.9% in the reserves.
A balanced workforce in the armed forces is good for British defence, but women still face a raft of challenges, making it harder to attract and retain female talent.
What steps is the Minister taking to accelerate progress towards the women in defence charter ambition of 30%, and to make the armed forces a better workplace for women?
This is an important topic, and it really matters.
Implementing the recommendations of the Atherton review and raising standards, as the Minister for Veterans and People has spoken about, will benefit everyone in the armed forces, but women in particular.
We need to improve culture and behaviour, and focus on women’s health and wellbeing.
New policies are being brought forward to address that.
We are also standing up more work on calling out crimes and behaviour that is unacceptable in our armed forces.
Everyone should have a place in our armed forces, because defending our country requires a whole-of-society approach.
We must not neglect any part of society.
Whether he plans to appoint a veterans’ commissioner for England.
I reassure the hon.
Member that I work closely with my Northern Ireland, Welsh and Scottish commissioners.
We are currently looking at the structures by which we support veterans across the whole tapestry of the United Kingdom, and we really want to put in place an institutional resilience system that gives the best care at the right time and in the right place to the right people.
That primarily involves working with thousands of charities collaboratively and coherently to ensure that we can get the best bang for our buck from all the amazing volunteers and charitable services out there.
A bigger review is going on.
It is on hold at the moment, and we will let the House know more in due course.
I am proud that my constituency of South Northamptonshire hosts the largest armed forces gathering of its kind in the UK.
The national transition event at Silverstone on  24 February , now in its sixth year, is run by the charities Mission Motorsport and Mission Community.
The event recognises, demonstrates and celebrates the value of our veterans and armed forces community.
As the Secretary of State develops  the veterans strategy, are community-led approaches such as this part of the Department’s thinking, and how might we support such organisations in their work?
Absolutely.
I just travelled to the north-east of England and hit three different councils, looking at the different ways in which they deal with the veterans issue.
I am really looking forward to the launch event, which will have a variety of different race cars.
I just hope that I do not get to see the mudflaps when I am there.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On behalf of us all, I wish our UK team in Canada good luck for the Invictus games.
This week, I will have the privilege of chairing the 50-nation Ukraine defence contact group.
I will also attend the meeting of NATO Defence Ministers, and then the Munich security conference.
Mr Speaker, 2025 is the critical year for the war in Ukraine.
The world is watching, and it is imperative that all allies step up their support.
I am proud of the UK’s continued unity and leadership on Ukraine.
This year, the UK will provide £4.5 billion in military aid—more than ever before.
Our commitment is absolute.
We will strengthen Ukraine on the battlefield and at any negotiating table.
I am grateful to continue to have the support of both sides of the House.
Together, we will stand with the people of Ukraine for as long as it takes.
US navy officials have reported increased Russian and Chinese patrols in the High North.
Last week, the Danish navy announced plans to acquire three new Arctic patrol ships, and March will see one of the largest Exercise Joint Viking operations in NATO’s history.
With these concerns in mind, will the Secretary of State confirm which UK assets will be involved in Joint Viking this year?
What plans does he have to update the 2022 policy paper on the UK’s defence contribution in the High North?
My hon.
Friend is right about the High North.
We will continue to maintain a strong defence profile and posture.
Both the Royal Navy and the Royal Fleet Auxiliary will be taking part in Exercise Joint Viking.