You will know, Mr Speaker, the importance of secure communications, and this is Defence questions, so before I ask my question, may I say that Conservative Members were sent all the Ministry of Defence’s answers to our oral questions in advance?
I do not know whether we should be grateful or concerned.
We have been forewarned.
I thought that Ministers thought up the answers themselves.
You have shocked me.
I thought that it would benefit the House to know that, given the importance of secure communications.
I turn to my question, which involves secure communications.
It says everything about the Government’s priorities that they are delaying increasing defence spending to 2.5%, but accelerating their terrible Chagos deal, at a cost of up to £18 billion.
Last week, the Prime Minister justified the deal by stating that without it, “the base cannot operate in practical terms as it should”.
No. 10 later briefed that that was a reference to satellite links.
Is the Secretary of State seriously suggesting that there is an operational threat to US and UK military satellite communications at Diego Garcia?
This is a question about defence spending.
We have a cast-iron commitment to increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP—a level that the UK has not spent on defence since 2010, under the last Labour Government.
On the Chagos deal, this is a military base that is vital to our national security.
The Prime Minister was right to say that its legal certainty had been called into doubt.
That is bad for our national security and a gift to our adversaries.
That is why we looked for a deal that would safeguard the operations for at least the next century.
When the Prime Minister said that the base “cannot operate”, he was referring to operations.
That implies that there must be some kind of direct threat to satellite communications on Diego Garcia.
The world will have seen that the Secretary of State has not defended that position—he is not leaning into it in any way—which makes us think this: given that the former Foreign Secretary Lord Cameron and the previous Defence Secretary Grant Shapps saw the same intelligence and rejected the deal, which has since got worse and more expensive, is not the obvious thing to scrap it, and to spend every penny that is saved on our armed forces?
The hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues, of course, were responsible for 11 rounds of negotiation on the deal, and the Prime Minister’s point was that a lack of long-term legal certainty casts into doubt the operational security of the base.
This deal will secure an operational guarantee for at least a century.
What steps he is taking to protect undersea infrastructure.
What steps he is taking to protect undersea infrastructure.
What steps he is taking to protect critical undersea infrastructure.
The Government are delivering for defence with strong measures to protect our underwater critical national infrastructure.
We have declassified the activities of the Russian spy ship Yantar.
We have called out its activities by saying, “We see you.
We know what you’re doing,” and we will robustly defend our critical national infrastructure.