If we want to strengthen our armed forces, we must fix the recruitment delays.
One young recruit signer, Jimmy, applied in September 2023 but will not start until January 2025.
That is largely due to medical record hold-ups and poor communication.
I welcome the aim for applicants to receive a decision within 10 days, and a training start date within 30 days, but how will Serco deliver that in practice?
What safeguards will be in place to ensure that recruits get clear, timely responses and are not lost in the system?
The hon.
Lady is right that we need to speed up the recruitment process.
We inherited a situation where it takes, on average, more than 250 days from the point of application to turning up at a training establishment, often without any understanding of how long that will take.
That is why the Secretary of State introduced the 10/30 policy, which means a provisional offer within 10 days of starting, and a provisional start date within 30 days of application.
We are doing that to reduce the time of flight, including working cross-Government to improve speed of access to medical records.
There will be further announcements in due course.
We are making progress on that, but there is a lot more to do to fix the damage to the recruitment process that was run by the last Government.
How many Afghans who worked directly for British forces have been relocated to the UK under the Afghan resettlement programme.
The Afghan resettlement programme is a cross-Government delivery programme that will bring existing resettlement schemes into one single pipeline.
Under such schemes,  more than 30,000 eligible Afghans have relocated to the UK.
As confirmed in my recent written parliamentary answer to the hon.
Gentleman, it is not possible to provide a breakdown of relocation figures by job role, including those who worked directly for British forces.
Having admitted 30,000 Afghans into the country as part of the Afghan resettlement programme, it is concerning to learn that the Ministry of Defence has no idea how many of them actually ever worked for British forces.
The Government’s own figures estimate the total number of local Afghans employed by British forces during Op Herrick to be around 7,000, only 2,850 of whom worked as interpreters and translators on the frontline—a fraction of the 30,000.
If the MOD does not know why they are eligible to be let into the country, the MOD presumably also does not know who they are or what they have been doing in Afghanistan over the past decade.
Can the Minister confirm that the Afghan resettlement programme has not been exploited by criminal, terrorist or hostile state influence?
Can I thank the hon.
Gentleman not just for that question, but for his ongoing interest in this area?
We owe a debt of gratitude to those people who served alongside our forces in Afghanistan.
This programme was started by the last Government, and this Government are proud to continue it.
Everyone who is brought to safety in the UK from the Taliban under the Afghan schemes has been vetted in relation to that.
There are a variety of roles that cover support to our armed forces in relation to our UK mission in Afghanistan, but I can reassure him that I pay close attention to this area.
If he would like to meet to discuss this further, to deepen his interest and to help him in his inquiries, I am happy to do so.
What steps he is taking to support minority groups in the armed forces.
Why do we support a more diverse military?
It is simple: it makes us better, it makes us think differently and, importantly, it means the military represents the society we are trying to protect.
Since coming into government, we have launched our Raising our Standards programme.
We are seeking to make Defence the most attractive employer for all walks of society.
I will be unequivocally clear that the underlying principle for why we pursue a more diverse military, better welfare, better housing, and better kit and equipment, is simply to ensure that we can call upon our men and women to do their job and that they can close with the enemy and win.
In 2019, the Wigston review identified that serving personnel from ethnic minority backgrounds are subject to higher levels of harassment and bullying than their white British counterparts.
Given the recent success of the Atherton review, which cast light on the structural challenges faced by women in the armed forces, and given that 16% of the British Army workforce comes from ethnic minority groups, does the ministerial team think it might be time to have an Atherton-style review, independent of the MOD, into the challenges faced by ethnic minority groups to ensure and enhance recruitment, retention and promotional opportunities?