Along with many hon.
Members on both sides of the House, I welcome the £3 billion commitment to Ukraine this year, next year and the year after, but there are things that we can do at home as well.
For example, this weekend I hope to host a reception for Ukrainian refugees in my constituency—a Valentine’s for Ukraine that we can send from all of us to all of them and all the Ukrainians who are finding refuge in our country.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s action in his constituency.
The UK has a proud unity on Ukraine, and it has given a proud welcome to Ukrainians under the Homes for Ukraine scheme since day one of Putin’s illegal full-scale invasion.
As my hon.
Friend says, nearly three years into the conflict, Valentine’s day is a useful marker to recognise the warmth of welcome from the UK people and the struggle and fight that the Ukrainian people—military and civilian alike—are waging for their freedom and their future.
What steps he is taking to help increase recruitment to the armed forces.
What steps he is taking to help increase recruitment to the armed forces.
What steps he is taking to help increase recruitment to the armed forces.
The Government are delivering for Defence by addressing the deep retention and recruitment crisis that we inherited from the Conservatives.
Last week I announced more detail on a brand-new fast-track cyber entry to boost UK cyber-defence, bolstering our capabilities in response to the growing threats and addressing a global shortage of cyber-talent.
I also announced the award of a new contract for a tri-service armed forces recruiting service.
West Herts college in my constituency offers a great selection of courses, including computing courses that offer a pathway to a career in cyber-security.
For young people in Hemel Hempstead considering a career in that field to defend our country, can the Minister outline further details of the steps that he took last week to boost recruitment to cyber-security in this country?
I am grateful for the enthusiasm of young people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for a career in cyber.
Last week, the new cyber direct entry pathway for our armed forces was opened for the Royal Air Force and the Navy—the Army entry will come online next year.
That allows people to join directly to pursue a career in cyber.
By changing the entry requirements, it will bring on board the cyber-expertise that we need to keep our country safe.
The frontline of the future is not tomorrow; it is today—it is the cyber-frontline.
Young people across the nation should look on the Royal Navy and RAF websites at a career in cyber.
It is well paid and will keep our country safe.