Some of that will be the oil and gas that is already licensed and consented, and any other projects that come through the process, but it will also be about building the industry that comes next.
It would be irresponsible of any Government to focus on one at the exclusion of the other.
The reality is that the North sea is a super-mature basin.
A transition is already under way, and it is incumbent on us—and on any responsible Government—to build the industry that comes next while continuing to support the oil and gas industry that we have today.
Does the Minister agree that there is a double standard in the Government backing Heathrow expansion to drive economic growth, but not providing the maximum possible support for our domestic oil and gas industry?
The Chancellor was very clear in her speech that there is no conflict between our net zero commitments and the industrialisation that we want to see.
Economic growth projects such as the runway at Heathrow will be important but, as the Chancellor said, they will have to be in line with our climate obligations.
Importantly, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  said, this is not an either/or.
Oil and gas will continue to play an important role in our economy for many years to come, but we have to plan for what comes next and take cognisance of our legal and climate obligations.
I urge the Minister and Labour colleagues to take no lessons from the Conservative party on a fair and just transition away from fossil fuels, because our coalfield communities in this country were destroyed by Tory Governments over decades.
In contrast, we need to look at the growth we are now providing by lifting the onshore wind ban, investing in carbon capture and storage, and establishing GB Energy.
Order.
Where was the question?
I will find the question, Mr Speaker.
My hon.
Friend is right that historical transitions in key industries have left workers high and dry, instead of recognising that a transition is under way and supporting  that workforce into what comes next.
The coal industry devastated large parts of my constituency in Lanarkshire, and areas across England and Wales, which continues to have consequences for generations.
We are determined that that will not happen with the North sea, but it requires us to plan the transition and to put it in place now, not to bury our heads in the sand and pretend everything is fine.
What will workers in Scotland be thinking right now, as they watch the UK Government, and a Scottish Minister, going out of their way to accelerate the decline in North sea oil and gas jobs, in advance of replacement jobs coming onstream, as they can see at Grangemouth?
Does the Minister not understand that the reduction in attrition to North sea oil and gas production must be commensurate with a reduction in demand and an increase in renewables jobs?
He has got that mix all over the place.
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is one of the Scottish National party cohort seeking to move to our other Parliament, but the SNP’s position in Holyrood is the same as ours, which is that we must be cognisant of climate change obligations with regard to any new licences.
Perhaps he has a different position from his colleagues in Holyrood—I am not sure—but the SNP recognises, rightly, as we do, that the future requires investment in oil and gas for many years to come, to which we are committed, and that investment must match our climate obligations.
The transition that is now under way must have Government at its heart, supporting the jobs and industries that come in the future.
If the hon.
Gentleman supported some of the investment that we propose, such as at Great British Energy in Aberdeen, instead of deriding it at every single turn—[Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, I have again united all the Members of Parliament from north-east Scotland who oppose investment in their own constituencies.
If the hon.
Gentleman supported that investment, maybe he would see the jobs of the future coming.
Under the previous Government, thousands upon thousands of jobs were lost in the North sea, energy bills hit record highs and the Government put Britain’s energy security in the hands of Vladimir Putin.
Having made a patently unlawful decision on Rosebank, the Conservatives are lecturing us on energy policy.
The truth is that our clean energy mission will deliver the jobs and economic growth of the future, our commitment to climate action and lower bills.
The Conservative party is stuck in the past.
Will the Minister remain focused on the future and deliver our clean energy mission, which will deliver the economic and environmental benefits the public want to see?
As my hon.
Friend says, the long-term future of our energy security in this country is not in oil and gas, as important a part as it will continue to play for many years to come.
The clean power mission that we are driving forward at pace is about building home-grown renewable power that will deliver energy security in the long term, although oil and gas will continue to play an important part for many years to come, not just in our energy mix but in our country’s wider economic system.
We will support the jobs and industries in north-east Scotland to ensure that transition is fair and prosperous for all.
Am I right in thinking that if the Government take the factors around emissions into account in a future application, it will not be for the court to then say that having taken them into account, the Government have arrived at the wrong decision in wanting to proceed?
Surely, it is for the Government to decide whether to proceed, not the courts?
We are still digesting the detail of the judgment, but my understanding is that, as the right hon.
Gentleman puts it, the Supreme Court made it clear that applications should take account of scope 3 emissions.
In the process that we put in place, which I will not pre-empt, we will have to justify how the applications have met that requirement.
It will then be for the North Sea Transition Authority to make a judgment and the Secretary of State, ultimately, to make a decision.
If somebody wanted to take that judgment to a judicial review, they could be entitled to do so, but the right hon.
Gentleman is quite right that the decision will be for the Government.