As the Minister pointed out earlier, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Service has taken a prominent role in protecting our subsea infrastructure.
I welcome the settlement of the RFA pay dispute.
Will that help the Minister to tackle the recruitment and retention crisis that saw numbers of RFA seafarers fall by 30% under the previous Government?
It is vital that we value the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, and we have done so by settling the pay dispute and making it very clear that there is a bright future for seafarers in the RFA.
Its work with RFA Proteus in relation to the Yantar has been exceptional, but each and every day those seafarers are supporting our Royal Navy on global operations.
They have the support of our ministerial team, and I am sure that they have the support of Members on both sides of the House.
With the Russians using drones to drop CS gas into the trenches of the Donbas, and Avon Protection in my constituency ready to manufacture the residue of the 300,000 gas masks that Ukraine requested, will the Government put in an order as soon as possible, please?
We have taken many steps to try to improve the capabilities of the Ukrainians when it comes to drone technology, and I am perfectly happy to look at the point that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
Portsmouth is the home of the Royal Navy, but it is also the proud home of many companies in the defence sector: BAE, Airbus and Accuracy International, to name just a few.
Those companies provide fantastic job opportunities for my constituents, but they have faced real difficulties in the last decade.
What steps is the Department taking to support our defence sector in the UK and in Portsmouth in particular—both the businesses themselves and the recruitment and training of the skilled workforce—as part of our Government’s industrial strategy?
I look forward to meeting my hon.
Friend shortly when I visit some of those businesses in her constituency.
The defence industrial strategy is the way in which we will seek to deal with the issues that she has raised.
My constituent Owen was medically discharged from the Army after 17 years of service.
Since then, he has been waiting for two years for a resolution of his claim under the armed forces compensation scheme.
Does the Minister agree that that is too long to make a veteran wait, and what advice can he give me so that I can resolve my constituent’s case?
We are absolutely a Government who support veterans.
If the hon.
Gentleman will send me the details of that case, I will look into it personally.
We pay out over £1 billion in compensation, and I have been to Norcross to ensure best standards up there.
I recently visited the Royal Orthopaedic hospital in my constituency, which has an outstanding veterans’ care  service.
Does the Minister agree that it is essential for former and current service personnel in Birmingham and beyond to continue to have access to specialised musculoskeletal rehabilitation services?
Absolutely.
Birmingham has a cluster of fantastic hospital and medical care facilities, as well as the Royal Centre for Defence Medicine.
I would love to visit, and I hope I can do so in due course.
I think I am right in saying that I am the only Member of the House of Commons, if not Parliament as a whole, to have Mauritian heritage; if I am wrong about that, I am happy to be corrected.
Why does the Secretary of State not see that the proposed deal between the United Kingdom and Mauritius is a dangerous one because of the increase in China’s access to the islands near Diego Garcia, an unaffordable one—whether it is £9 billion, £18 billion or £52 billion, that is money that  should go to our armed forces—and, above all, a humiliating one in the eyes of the Mauritians, the Americans and the international community?
Why will he not scrap it?
The deal with the Mauritians is designed to secure the long-term operation and the legal base, and to guarantee our ability and that of our allies in the US to continue to operate from Diego Garcia for at least the next century.
Earlier in topical questions, the Veterans Minister said that the strategic defence review would be published in the next couple of months.
Can he confirm that it will be published by the end of April?
It is a fair correction.
I said “in a couple of months” and then “in the spring”.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the ruling on the Rosebank and Jackdaw oilfields as unlawful.
The Government’s priority is to deliver a fair, orderly and prosperous transition in the North sea that recognises the role that oil and gas will play in the coming decades.
This transition will be in line with our climate and legal obligations.
It will drive us towards our clean energy future of energy security, lower bills and good, long-term jobs.
On  29 January , the Court of Session published its judgment on the Rosebank and Jackdaw oil and gas fields in the North sea.
The judgment set out that the previous consents granted to Rosebank and Jackdaw were unlawful, as they failed to take into account the emissions from burning the fuel produced.
As a result, if developers wish to proceed with these projects, they will need to reapply for consent, this time considering scope 3 emissions, as required by the Supreme Court judgment last year.
Although the judgment itself is a matter for the courts, the Government have taken rapid action.
In early January, we consulted on revised environmental guidance to take into account emissions from burning extracted oil and gas, to provide stability for industry.
The consultation closed on  8 July , and we are working towards publishing the finalised guidance as soon as possible.
Once the guidance is in place, the Government will resume making decisions with regard to the environmental impact assessments for offshore oil and gas developments.
The Court confirmed that it is in the interests of good administration for the consultation and guidance to be completed properly.
It would therefore be inappropriate for me to comment on the specifics of individual projects such as Rosebank and Jackdaw in Parliament or anywhere else, because doing so would prejudice future regulatory decision making should the respective developers decide to resubmit these projects for approval.
More widely, this Government are determined to deliver the long-term jobs and investment and the clean energy future that this country needs to ensure that people working in the North sea, and those involved in the oil and gas industry across this country, have the long-term future they need.
rose— Order.
Just for clarification, you do not have jurisdiction on the planning issue, and it is no longer in the court, so I am a little bit confused by your assertion that you will be involved going forward.
I am happy to provide clarification based on the advice that I have, which is that this is a matter for the applicants in the court case, who are entitled to appeal the judgment, should they wish to do so.
If they wish to make a further application in this matter, my Department will be responsible for making  that judgment, and I seek not to prejudice an application by giving an opinion one way or the other on these matters.
I hope that that sits well with you, Mr Speaker.
Well, kind of, but obviously Members will want to ask you about this issue today, so I do not want to try to close it down too early.
In August, this Government withdrew lawyers from the case defending the legal challenge to the issuing of licences for Rosebank and Jackdaw in the North sea.
Given this Government’s decision to revoke any defence, the Court’s quashing of approval was all but inevitable.
It is deeply disappointing and yet unsurprising that this Government, driven by their zealotry, are happy to put billions of pounds of investment, and thousands of jobs, at risk just because something does not align with Just Stop Oil’s vision of the future.
It demonstrates that this Government are not willing to stand up for businesses or workers.
The Labour party seems to misunderstand this simple point: if we shut down our oil and gas industry, we will not use any less oil and gas—even the Climate Change Committee knows that.
The Department seems to ignore the fact that we will simply rely on more imports instead.
If those imports are liquified natural gas, they will come with four times the production emissions, and if we import from Norway, we will be shipping in gas from underneath the very same North sea.
Sacrificing our domestic industry, only to rely on foreign imports and compound global carbon emissions, is utter madness for our economy and for the climate.
It makes a mockery of our prospects for growth, and it will cost the Treasury £12 billion in lost revenue.
To put that figure into perspective, it is equivalent to eight and a half years’ worth of winter fuel payments.
Last week the developer of Rosebank, Equinor, announced that it is slashing its offshore wind investment.
Does the Minister appreciate that the self-harm inflicted on the North sea is damaging investment in other offshore renewables industries, too?
That could be wrecking our path forward.
The Government are utterly confused.
The Chancellor and the Secretary of State are completely out of touch with the public, obviously, but apparently also with each other.
It is no surprise that the Secretary of State is prepared to sacrifice growth and investment in energy security for his ideological obsession, so may I ask the Minister for clarity?
This is a very important point.
Will the Department treat the applications, if they are resubmitted, as existing applications or new applications, given that it has a ban on all new licences moving forward?
Will the Government back growth and back British workers when the decision reaches his Department, and who does he think will win this argument outright: the Secretary of State or the Chancellor of the Exchequer?