The decisions that we make in the next decade on energy will make or break the planet, and this is also key for the Jackdaw and Rosebank oilfields.
Should the proposed developers apply for a new development consent, the ruling gives the Government the opportunity to take a rational, science-based approach and make a decision on the future of the field based on what is best for the planet, the people of Britain and the UK’s international leadership.
Contrary to what has been said by  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , approving these oilfields this will not protect UK workers.
Despite promises of jobs, not a single UK design or construction role has been created.
Instead, that work has been outsourced to Dubai.
Business leaders agree that a fair transition away from oil and gas will boost our economy, create jobs and attract investment.
The Liberal Democrats oppose the oilfields at Jackdaw and Rosebank.
Instead of pouring money into an energy source that is not consistent with our climate commitments, we should be calling on the Government to invest in renewables and an ambitious green energy strategy that lowers costs, creates jobs and secures our future.
What assessment will the Minister make of our climate commitments?
For the reason I outlined in previous answers, I will not comment specifically on these two projects.
In answer to the hon.
Lady’s broader point, any future applications for the North sea have to recognise the Supreme Court’s ruling that the end-use emissions, the scope 3 emissions, must be taken into account in any application.
We are now working through the significant number of responses to our consultation at the start of this year, on how people who wish to apply for consent to extract hydrocarbons from the continental shelf can comply with the Supreme Court’s judgment.
An environmental assessment will be absolutely necessary.
That is not a decision we have made from a political point of view; it was required by the Supreme Court.
We will follow the law of this land, as I would expect any Government to do, although apparently not a Conservative Government.
We will put in place a robust system to ensure that any applications that come before us are judged fairly on their merits.