The company's

commitment to quality has earned it a reputation as a trusted partner

for businesses looking to enhance their reputation and achieve long-

term communications success.
The team at Corporate Image has steadily

delivered exceptional results, and their dedication to their clients

has been unwavering.
Corporate Image has consistently demonstrated its ability to adapt to

the ever-changing needs of businesses in today's environment.
They have

embraced new technologies and innovation, while also maintaining a

focus

on the core principles that have guided their business for 30 years.
As

we celebrate Corporate Image's 30th anniversary, we should take a

moment to reflect on the contributions this company has made to the

business community.
I want to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Jon Lundberg and his

entire team at Corporate Image.
Their hard work, expertise, and

commitment to excellence have been key to their success, and they have

certainly set an example for other businesses to follow.
Their

willingness to embrace new ideas and technologies will ensure that they

remain a leader in the marketing industry and continue to thrive for

years to come.
I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the Corporate

Image team on their 30th anniversary.
I wish them continued success in

all their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING NHC KINGSPORT FOR 2022 NHC CENTER OF THE YEAR

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend

NHC Kingsport on their outstanding achievements in healthcare and their

recent recognition as the 2022 NHC Center of the Year.
Located in Kingsport, Tennessee, NHC Kingsport is a vital 60-bed

healthcare center that has steadfastly served the Tri-Cities and

surrounding communities for many years.
Their commitment to quality

patient care and family support is a testament to the positive impact

that dedicated healthcare professionals can make in the lives of those

they serve.
Under the proficient leadership of Administrator Debbie Hubbard and

Director of Nursing Eva Grapperhaus, NHC Kingsport has flourished.
Ms.

Hubbard and Ms. Grapperhaus have held their respective positions since

the center's opening in 2014.
Notably, Ms. Hubbard was also recognized

as the 2019 NHC Administrator of the Year.
NHC Kingsport is distinguished as a CMS 5-Star Center, a prestigious

rating that signifies it ranks within the top 10 percent of all skilled

nursing centers.
Additionally, in 2022, NHC Kingsport was recognized as

an NHC 5-Star Center of Excellence, boasting an exemplary Consumer View

score of 96.82 percent, a Patient Care Component of 96.75 percent, a

pressure ulcer rate of only 0.59 percent, and a net patient

satisfaction score of 68 percent.
Their consistency in excellence is demonstrated by NHC Kingsport

being ranked among the top 10 in the NHC Center of the Year rankings

for the past six years.
Moreover, they have received numerous NHC Honor

Club and Legends Awards, further solidifying their standing as a

paragon in the healthcare industry.
National HealthCare Corporation, based in Murfreesboro, TN, operates

68 healthcare centers and nearly 8,500 beds across the Nation.
Their

comprehensive services include assisted living, home care, hospice,

mentai health, pharmacy, insurance, and management services.
I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating NHC Kingsport for

their unwavering dedication to providing the highest level of care to

their patients.
Their achievements are not only a credit to the city of

Kingsport, but a shining example for healthcare centers throughout our

great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ATR2 RONALD J. OTTENWESS

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, Ronald J. Ottenwess enlisted in the

U.S. Navy in May 1966.
After recruit training at Great Lakes Naval

Training Center, he trained as an Aviation Electronics Technician at

Naval Air Technical Training Center in Memphis, Tennessee.
Then-AT Airman Ottenwess arrived in Rota, Spain in May 1967--just in

time for Israel's Six Day War--for his assignment to Fleet Air

Reconnaissance Squadron Two (VQ-2).