Title: COMMUNITY IS STRONGER THAN CANCER DAY 2023; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
116

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMUNITY IS STRONGER THAN CANCER DAY 2023

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join with people

across America who marked June 28, 2023 as Community Is Stronger Than

Cancer Day.
For those whose lives have been impacted by cancer, the community

that is found in this shared experience is an opportunity for hope, for

comfort, and even joy.
Toward this end, I want to recognize the Cancer

Support Community, a global non-profit network of 190 locations,

including Gilda's Clubs, hospital and clinic partnerships, and

satellite locations that deliver more than $50 million in free support

and navigation services to patients and families.
They also provide a

compassionate and engaged community for people who experienced a cancer

diagnosis themselves or who support a loved one.
The Cancer Support Community reaches more than one million people

each year, providing both in-person and virtual services as well as

educational and digital resources.
My district is home to those who can

seek support and programming at one of two Cancer Support Community

locations in Florida, and I ask all my colleagues to review where there

currently are locations in or near their districts and to learn more

about the important services being provided in their communities.
The Cancer Support Community also maintains a toll-free national

Cancer Support Helpline.
It is crucial to note that all their services

are led by licensed healthcare professionals and resource experts.
Additionally, their headquarter staff conducts cutting-edge research

that sheds light on the realities of coping with a cancer diagnosis,

including the emotional, psychological, and financial impact.
so I

encourage all my colleagues to learn more about them.
There are more than 18 million cancer patients and survivors in the

United States, and for every one cancer patient, there are at least

three others impacted by the diagnosis--spouse, partner, child,

caregiver, and employer.
A cancer diagnosis is life changing and, for

some, can be overwhelming and distressing.
I applaud the Cancer Support

Community and its network partners for the extraordinary work they do

every day easing the burdens of cancer and eliminating barriers to

care.
I commend their unwavering commitment to ensuring that all people

impacted by cancer know that there are individuals and organizations

that are ready to support them as they cope with the challenges that

come with this complex diagnosis.
As the Cancer Support Community emphasizes: ``While we have witnessed

many significant advances in treating this devastating disease, nothing

takes the place of the power, inspiration, companionship, and

connection that comes from community.
We are here to provide relevant

and highly personalized support when and where it is needed most

because Community Is Stronger Than Cancer.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING CORPORATE IMAGE ON THEIR 30TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a Tennessee

business as it celebrates its 30th anniversary.
This achievement is a

testament to the hard work and dedication of the entire team at

Corporate Image in Bristol, Tennessee.
For three decades, Corporate Image has been a leading provider of

public and media relations services to businesses on the local,

regional, and national levels.
They have assisted countless companies

establish and grow their brand identity, develop effective

communications strategies, and increase their visibility.
The company's

commitment to quality has earned it a reputation as a trusted partner

for businesses looking to enhance their reputation and achieve long-

term communications success.
The team at Corporate Image has steadily

delivered exceptional results, and their dedication to their clients

has been unwavering.
Corporate Image has consistently demonstrated its ability to adapt to

the ever-changing needs of businesses in today's environment.