The group was apprehensive that

the required funds could be raised to supply the necessary capital and

deposits, considering that the previous private bank had already failed

twice.
Assured that adequate stock could be sold, the group prevailed

upon Mr. Meurer to continue in his leadership role and to take charge

of the organization and operation of the bank.
They looked for

additional assistance and discovered through interviews that

experienced bankers could be found but were unaffordable for this new

bank venture.
Mr. Meurer knew his brother-in-law, J.M. Weinzapfel, had the business

acumen required and was available, but at the time lived over 60 miles

away in Windthorst, Texas.
Upon being offered the job, Mr. Weinzapfel

moved to Muenster to assist with the necessary paperwork to secure a

charter and future operations.
The original 21 stockholders in the bank

successfully raised $19,250.00 in total capital to obtain the State

Charter and on Friday, June 29, 1923, the State of Texas granted them

Bank Charter No.
1400.
On the following Monday of July 2, 1923, the

bank opened for business, providing Mr. Weinzapfel the foundation and

community from which he would devote the remainder of his business

life.
In the early years growth was slow.
Nonetheless, the bank has

generated an annual profit since inception, and has paid dividends in

all but 2 years.
Over the past century, through good and bad economic

times, periods of war, and uncertainty such as 2 robberies and 1

attempted robbery, the officers and staff persevered, ensuring

continued growth and prosperity along with the community it served.
As

a combination of a century's dedication and hard work by bank staff

members and the loyalty and confidence customers have placed in the

institution, Muenster State Bank has grown to $213 million in total

assets as of the end of 2022, generating $3.5 million in net income and

paying out $2.1 million in shareholder distributions.
Recently, Muenster State Bank's current president, Robert Weinzapfel,

read the following communication to today's shareholders that then bank

president, J.M. Weinzapfel, had written in 1942.
Despite being written

81 years ago, it still rings true today.
``The bank organized and opened July 2nd, 1923 and never failed to

pay a regular dividend each year since then.
The Officers and Directors

have been faithful to their trust and were influential in the promotion

and development of many enterprising and successful business

institutions in Muenster.
Our record of unusual service rendered to our patrons city,

community, state and nation is reflected in the bank's growth.
With

resources now near \1/2\ million dollars, we believe that the plan to

increase the capital is in keeping with the sound and conservative

policy that has characterized the bank throughout its history.
The achievements enumerated are an expressed tribute and reflect in

memory to the untiring efforts and fidelity of the original officers,

directors, stockholders and patrons that are still with us and those

who have passed on to their reward.''
As a part of our independent banking system, Muenster State Bank is a

special part of our U.S. community banking system that is committed to

supporting and investing to serve their local communities.
I join the

Muenster State Bank Stakeholders in looking back on the past century of

community service, celebrating their accomplishments, and looking

forward to the trust, community, and financial security they will

continue to provide into their next century of operations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REFLECTING ON GUN VIOLENCE PREVENTION MONTH 2023

HON.
HALEY M. STEVENS

Ms. STEVENS.
Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to look

back on Gun Violence Prevention Month.
During this time of mourning and

remembrance, I have had near constant nightmarish images in mind.
Images of human carnage in the aftermath of shootings involving

military-style assault weapons like the ones we now witness on a

regular, predictable basis.