I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STOP PENTAGON PRICE GOUGING ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I reintroduce the ``Stop Pentagon

Price Gouging Act'' with Representative DeLuzio (D-PA-17) as the

original cosponsor.
I thank U.S. Senators Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) and

Mike Braun (R-IN) for sponsoring the companion bill.
These important

reforms will protect taxpayers from being overcharged for goods

procured by the Department of Defense.
Our bicameral, bipartisan bill would close loopholes in current

acquisition laws, tie financial incentives for contractors to

performance, and provide the Department of Defense (DoD) with the

information necessary to prevent future rip-offs.
Our bill would make

several key reforms to achieve those goals.
First, our bill would ensure competitive and transparent pricing by

closing a loophole and ensuring that defense contractors provide the

federal government cost or pricing information in all cases where there

isn't adequate price competition that results in at least 2 competitive

bids.
Second, the bill would restore market dynamics and ensure that

commercial goods are those actually sold to customers other than just

the federal government, revising the definition of commercial item for

federal procurement by the Department of Defense.
Third, the bill would

ensure payment is tied to performance by creating a new pilot program

for progress payments, which will help to tie payments to performance

by providing contractors the opportunity to receive advance payments

only when they meet certain conditions such as providing timely

responses, disclosing important data, and meeting small business

subcontractor goals.
Lastly, the bill would ensure that our defense

dollars are being spent to provide our armed forces with the resources

they need and not to line the pockets of defense contractor executives,

requiring disclosures from defense contractors mirroring those already

required by publicly traded companies.
Taken together, this bill will be an important step in tackling price

gouging, overbilling, or outright fraud by defense contractors.
As a

senior member of the House Armed Services Committee, I know how much we

pay for parts to keep military equipment ready.
We know

that taxpayers are routinely overcharged due to loopholes in current

law and federal procurement regulations.
We cannot allow taxpayer money

to be wasted to inflate the bottom lines of multinational defense

contractors.
Our service members need the tools to properly negotiate

prices.
This is just common sense, and that's why we are reintroducing

this bill today.
Mr. Speaker, Representative DeLuzio and I look forward to working

across the aisle to advance these key reforms in the ``Stop Pentagon

Price Gouging Act.''
I encourage all members to join us in cosponsoring

this commonsense bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF MUENSTER STATE BANK

HON.
MICHAEL C. BURGESS

Mr. BURGESS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Muenster State

Bank on their 100th Anniversary, celebrating their opening to serve

North Texans on July 2, 1923.
Early in 1923, a group of local leaders from the small German

Catholic community of Muenster, Texas decided that if the town of less

than 450 residents was going to continue to grow and prosper, a bank

was necessary.
This group, made up of businessmen and farmers, met in

J.W. Meurer's hardware store to request that J.W. take on a leadership

role in the formation of this new bank.
The group was apprehensive that

the required funds could be raised to supply the necessary capital and

deposits, considering that the previous private bank had already failed

twice.
Assured that adequate stock could be sold, the group prevailed

upon Mr. Meurer to continue in his leadership role and to take charge

of the organization and operation of the bank.
They looked for

additional assistance and discovered through interviews that

experienced bankers could be found but were unaffordable for this new

bank venture.