Mr. Speaker, I want to take this opportunity to look

back on Gun Violence Prevention Month.
During this time of mourning and

remembrance, I have had near constant nightmarish images in mind.
Images of human carnage in the aftermath of shootings involving

military-style assault weapons like the ones we now witness on a

regular, predictable basis.
Families are unable to simply run errands on the weekends or interact

with their neighbors without fear of losing their lives.
And yet, most of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle

tolerate this uniquely American carnage without hesitation.
We know that the 1994 Assault Weapons Ban was effective at reducing

crime and getting these military-style weapons off our streets.
And we know that after the ban was dropped, between 2015 and 2022,

mass shootings where an assault weapon was used accounted for a third

of all mass shooting deaths and more than 80 percent of all injuries.
AR-15s and other assault weapons are the tool of choice by gunmen in

nearly all of the 10 deadliest mass shootings since 2015, including the

gunman in Uvalde, Texas, who shot and killed 19 children and 2 teachers

in their elementary school.
This is a crisis of law and order.
We must return safety to our

streets.
Gun violence leaves a mark on each individual and community it

impacts, and it spares none of our constituents.
It also spares none of

our minds these days as we await news of the next atrocity.
May we find the political courage to do better for you.
For our brave

first responders and law enforcement officers.
For our kids.
For our

devastated communities across this nation.
By using our power as legislators, we can create a safer society

where individuals can exercise their rights responsibly, while also

curbing the senseless loss of innocent lives.
It's time to prioritize

human lives over political divisions and enact the change that our

communities so desperately need.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REFLECTING ON PRIDE MONTH 2023

HON.
HALEY M. STEVENS

Mr. STEVENS.
Mr. Speaker, last month, I joined my Equality Caucus

colleagues in recognizing Pride Month--an opportunity to honor the

LGBTQ+ community, celebrate the developments we have made, and

acknowledge the work that has yet to be done.
We have made remarkable progress towards full equality since LGBTQ+

patrons fought back against discrimination and police harassment at the

Stonewall Inn in June of 1969.
Acceptance of this community has reached important heights, marriage

equality is the law of the land, and the Supreme Court has made clear

that workers cannot be fired because of their sexual orientation or

gender identity.
Since entering Congress, I have had the distinct privilege of voting

to pass the Equality Act to prohibit discrimination, the NO HATE Act to

respond to hate crimes, the Global Respect Act to deny visas to those

who commit human rights abuses against LGBTQ+ folks, and much more.
As a lifelong friend of the LGBTQ+ community and a Member of Congress

committed to the pursuit of global tolerance, I know we still have so

much work to do.
Hundreds of anti-LGBTQ+ bills have been introduced in the states in

recent legislative sessions, and many have been signed into law.
Many

of these laws target young people, and especially trans and nonbinary

youth.
Furthermore, I have been disgusted and infuriated by comments that I

have heard from some of my colleagues across the aisle on the House

Education and Workforce Committee during recent activity--those who

wish to delegitimize the gender identities of our youth and strip

LGBTQ+ students of their rights, resources, and humanity.
Our kids are suffering, and I will not stand for it.
To everyone in this beautiful community: know that I see you, I love

you, and we have a big circle over here on Capitol Hill that will never

let intolerance--even and especially in the highest levels of

government--go unchallenged.