Mr. Speaker, Ronald J. Ottenwess enlisted in the

U.S. Navy in May 1966.
After recruit training at Great Lakes Naval

Training Center, he trained as an Aviation Electronics Technician at

Naval Air Technical Training Center in Memphis, Tennessee.
Then-AT Airman Ottenwess arrived in Rota, Spain in May 1967--just in

time for Israel's Six Day War--for his assignment to Fleet Air

Reconnaissance Squadron Two (VQ-2).
During his assignment in Rota, he

trained as an Electronic Warfare Operator and served as a Special

Projects technician.
During his three-year tour with VQ-2, he deployed to five different

aircraft carriers and a dozen countries.
He amassed nearly 2,000 flight

hours and completed over 400 missions in EA-3B and EC-121M aircrafts.
On deployment in 1969, he received a temporary assignment to VQ-1

Detachment Bravo in Danang, RVN, where he flew more than fifty combat

reconnaissance missions ``up North.''
He was promoted to Petty Officer

Second Class in March, 1968.
After his release from active duty as a Petty Officer Second Class in

February 1970, Mr. Ottenwess received Bachelor's and Master's degrees

in Economics and Business.
Following graduation, he spent the next

forty years as a manufacturing systems engineer, executive, and

consultant; and travelled to 45 U.S. states and ten foreign countries.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring him for his distinguished

military service during the Vietnam war.
He is one of the many American

heroes that this great Nation is so fortunate to have.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF AN ACT TO EXPAND THE MISSION OF THE NATIONAL PARK

SERVICE TO INCLUDE ACTIVE USE OF SYSTEM UNITS LOCATED IN URBAN AREAS

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce a bill that would expand

the mission of the National Park Service (NPS) to include active use of

National Park System units located in urban areas.
The idea for this

bill came from a new report authored by George Washington University's

Sumner M. Redstone Global Center for Prevention and Wellness that

examined strategies to create a more equitable and activated park

system in the District of Columbia.
As the report notes, NPS parks in D.C. are ``inconsistently managed

and inequitably maintained'' and ``do not meet the needs of people who

both live near and experience the park system as a part of their daily

lives.''
Efforts to activate and improve local parks have been hindered

by limitations on NPS's statutory authority.
NPS's primary mission is

to preserve spaces for the enjoyment of future generations.
This noble

mission was crafted for the purpose of wilderness preservation,

allowing nature to remain untouched by time.
However, in addition to

grand national parks, NPS also owns neighborhood parks in urban areas.
For example, more than 20 percent of D.C. land consists of parkland,

and NPS owns nearly 90 percent of it, over two-thirds of which is

local, neighborhood parks, smaller than one acre.
These parks could

benefit from improvements that prioritize community engagement,

including trails, playgrounds and benches.
However, NPS's mission is

limited to preserving land as it currently exists.
This mission is ill-

suited to address the unique and immediate needs of urban neighborhood

parks.
This bill would expand the mission of NPS to include the promotion of

active use of its parks located in urban areas.
Active use prioritizes

current enjoyment by people and improves quality of life, including

playgrounds, pedestrian- and bicycle-friendly infrastructure, sports

and recreation facilities, community events, programming and

concessions.
This expanded mission would only apply to parks located in

areas that have been defined and designated as ``urban'' in the most

recent decennial census by the Secretary of Commerce, and would not

impact wilderness areas.
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STOP PENTAGON PRICE GOUGING ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.