Yes, and I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he put into ensuring that his constituency station at Windsor is part of that.
I can give him that assurance.
As well as providing seamless tap-in, tap-out payments, fares will be simplified so that most adult passengers can be confident that pay-as-you-go will be the best price for them on the day of travel.
Many of my constituents in Battersea are concerned about the Government’s plans to close ticket offices at Wandsworth Town and Clapham Junction.
Those closures will have a severe negative impact on disabled people, including blind and partially sighted people, and their ability to book assistance, buy tickets, or use the rail network.
Only 3% of those with sight loss said that they can use a ticket machine, and nearly two-thirds said that it would be impossible.
Will the Minister set out what assessment has been made on the impact of those closures, and will he publish it?
The hon.
Lady is a London MP, and she will be aware that when London Underground did exactly the same thing for the underground it was deemed a success.
That is why the current Labour Mayor has no plans to reverse it.
The first group I met was that representing disability and access issues, because I wanted to ensure that the reforms best help those individuals.
The aim is to redeploy staff away from the ticket office, where not so many people are seen, to the front of the station where all passengers can access them.
That will particularly benefit those who have accessibility and disability challenges.
I wish the Minister a happy birthday, but may I respectfully bring to his attention the experience shared by Stephen Anderson, who provided evidence to the Transport Committee recently?
He highlighted this issue, and said that if he requires assistance he needs a designated point to approach, rather than having to call out for help on the platform.
In essence, Stephen believes that ticket office closures are merely a means to cut staff.
As a disabled passenger impacted by previous Government policy, Stephen expressed a view echoed by other witnesses, including Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson.
Does the Minister share their concerns?