The Minister of State, Department for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , who is the Minister for the future of transport, met Murphy Group this week.[Official Report,
17 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 9MC.
]
The Government remain committed to the lower Thames crossing as part of the responsible decisions taken to help meet inflationary pressures and balance the nation’s books.
We will be rephasing construction on the LTC by two years, as this will allow more time to take into account stakeholder views and to ensure that there remains an effective and deliverable plan that is in the best interests of taxpayers.
The roads Minister will know that the proposed £40-million junction 10A on the A14 at Kettering is crucial for the future prosperity of the town.
Can he assure me that National Highways is working expeditiously with the Hanwood Park developer and North Northamptonshire Council to ensure that the project is delivered as soon as possible after 2025?
I can provide my hon.
Friend with that assurance.
Having visited his constituency and met him near the project, I know how important it is to him.
National Highways is working to do everything possible to see the project come to delivery.
The buses Minister assured me a couple of months ago that he was prepared to work with the West of England Combined Authority to ensure “maximum flexibility” in how bus funding could be spent, but I am still struggling to find out how we can get the funding to reinstate commercially non-profitable but essential buses.
Will he meet me so that we can try to get to the bottom of it?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Lady.
I met recently with the West of England metro Mayor, who has had £21 million in BSIP funding, which we have made more flexible.
To date, he has looked at schemes including the birthday month travel scheme.
I can see that she might not be as interested in that as some of her hon.
Friends, but I would be delighted to meet her to discuss what more flexibility we could introduce to preserve buses in her constituency.
Following his recent meeting with Transport for London about its finances, can my hon.
Friend update me on what financial modelling it has done on the impact of extending the ultra low emission zone and what account it has taken of the impact should that not go ahead?
I met the acting chief financial officer and Seb Dance, the deputy Mayor for transport, yesterday.
They informed me that the Mayor of London, in anticipation of falling revenues from ULEZ in the next few years, had asked them to investigate the technicalities of introducing road charging across London in the future.
Last year, Shropshire missed out on bus back better funding, despite having some of the worst services in the country.
That funding was hugely scaled back on a national level.
Will the Minister commit to reinstating some kind of funding to give rural places the bus services they need?
I have been looking into all bus funding across the country.
The hon.
Lady will know that Shropshire Council has had around £1.5 million of BSIP plus funding.
On cross-border services, I have been working closely with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clwyd South (Simon Baynes) , who is doing a huge amount of work in this area, particularly between Shropshire and Wales.
Before I call the Prime Minister, may I say how pleased I am to see him in the House?
I hope we will see more statements made in the House first.
I am sure we can work together on that.
Mr Speaker, I have just returned from the NATO summit in Vilnius, where we strengthened the NATO alliance and confirmed Britain’s place at its heart.
Faced with a more volatile and dangerous world, a mechanised war in Europe and increasing aggression from authoritarian states, we must show those who would challenge our security and prosperity that NATO is united, that it is ready for this new era and that it will remain the most successful alliance in history.
Together with our allies, that is exactly what we did, in three specific ways.
First, we acted decisively to strengthen the alliance.
We agreed the most fundamental transformation to NATO’s readiness since the cold war.
That includes comprehensive war-fighting plans to defend the UK and its allies, scaled-up defence production to boost our stockpiles, which will benefit British industry and jobs, and increased defence spending.
All allies made “an enduring commitment to invest at least 2%” of GDP.
The Vilnius summit also saw NATO’s membership expand.
We welcomed Finland to the table as a NATO member and ensured that Sweden will follow close behind.
The historic decision of our Finnish and Swedish friends to join NATO would have been almost unthinkable just a year and a half ago, but Putin’s aggression made it almost inevitable.
Where he sought to make us weaker, he has achieved the opposite.
We are stronger than ever with these new allies by our side.
Secondly, we acted to increase our support for Ukraine.
Let us never forget what Ukraine is going through.
Over 500 days of war
, Ukrainians have experienced untold suffering, the likes of which no NATO country has suffered since its inception.
I know the whole House will join me in paying tribute to the Ukrainian people and to their incredible spirit and fortitude.
They are still standing strong and defiant, and the counter-offensive is making progress.
In the last few weeks, they have taken back more ground than Russia has taken in the last year.
We are standing with them, and allies are doubling down in their support.
This is not just about NATO.
At the Munich security conference in February, I called for long-term security arrangements to protect Ukraine, re-establish deterrence in Europe and break the cycle of Russian violence.
And now allies have delivered.
Yesterday, the G7 leaders came together to sign the joint declaration of support for Ukraine, agreeing to provide the long-term bilateral security commitments that Ukraine needs and deserves.
Those commitments mark a new high point in international support for Ukraine, and more allies will be signing up to add their support.
But let me be clear: that is not a substitute for NATO membership.
We took a big step in Vilnius towards bringing Ukraine into the alliance.
The summit communiqué echoed the UK’s long-held position that “Ukraine’s future is in NATO.”
Of course, there is more work to be done, but we have shortened Ukraine’s path to membership, removing the need for a membership action plan, and holding the first meeting of the NATO-Ukraine council with President Zelensky sitting at the table, by our side, as an equal.
As President Zelensky said, the summit was “a very much needed and meaningful success for Ukraine.”
Thirdly, we showed in Vilnius that the UK remains a driving force behind this alliance.
As I have told the House before, those who run down this country and its place on the world stage could not be more wrong.
In my bilateral meetings and the wider NATO sessions, I was struck again and again by how valued our contribution is.
The British people should know that and they should be proud.
The United Kingdom is, and will remain, one of the world’s leading defence powers.
We are the leading European contributor to NATO.
We were one of the first to hit the 2% target for defence spending, and we are going further.
Earlier this year, I announced a significant uplift of an extra £5 billion over the next two years, immediately increasing our defence budget to around 2.25% of GDP, on our way to delivering our new ambition of 2.5% and ensuring that our incredible armed forces can continue to keep us safe.
Right now, RAF jets are patrolling NATO’s eastern flank, our troops are on the ground in Estonia and Poland as part of NATO’s enhanced forward presence, and the Royal Navy is patrolling the seas, providing a quarter of the alliance’s maritime capability.
We are one of the only countries that contributes to every NATO mission, and we will keep playing our part as a leading nation in the joint expeditionary force.
We are building deep partnerships such as AUKUS and the global combat air programme.
We are using our leadership in technology to keep NATO at the cutting edge, hosting the European headquarters of the defence innovation accelerator and holding the first global summit on artificial intelligence safety in the UK later this year.
We are also leading the debate on tackling emerging security threats, including the migration crisis.
I have called on NATO to play a stronger supporting role here, helping southern allies to build their capabilities.
That leadership in defence and security is matched by our diplomacy, strengthening our relationships around the world.
In just the last few months, we have concluded negotiations on the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership and have signed critical minerals partnerships with Canada and Australia, a semiconductor partnership with Japan, and the Atlantic declaration with the United States—a new kind of economic partnership in a more contested world.
There is no better example of our ability to bring all those elements together and lead on the world stage than our response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.
Our diplomats have led the unprecedented effort to co-ordinate sanctions against Russia’s economy.
Last month, we hosted the Ukraine recovery conference, raising over $60 billion to help rebuild Ukraine’s economy and bringing in the private sector to help unlock its economic potential.
As the House knows, we have backed Ukraine’s fight for its freedom and sovereignty since the start.
We were the first country in the world to train Ukrainian troops, the first in Europe to provide lethal weapons, the first to commit tanks and the first to provide long-range missiles.
Now, we are at the forefront of the coalition to equip the Ukrainian air force, with Ukrainian pilots starting their training here in just a few weeks’ time.
We do all of this because it is right, because it protects our values and our interests, because it keeps our people and our allies safe, and because, quite simply, it is who we are as a country.
We were there at the start of the NATO alliance, and this week we have shown once again that we remain at its heart, leading it into the future.
I commend this statement to the House.