After much lobbying, I too am very pleased to hear that the Government have announced that the integrated rail plan will be reviewed and a new station could be considered in Bradford.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this important issue, and will he prioritise the project so that we can move at speed, because it will bring better connectivity and economic prosperity to not only Bradford but Keighley?
I certainly will meet my hon.
Friend.
I thank him for his involvement in the project for the last couple of years and for making the case for Bradford.
Bradford is our youngest city in terms of population age and our fifth largest in terms of regional authority area.
We firmly believe that levelling up means delivering for Bradford, so I am happy to meet him and I am delighted that this Government are willing to look at and give that partnership working to Bradford.
Now that social distancing is over, will the Secretary of State look into restarting the pilot of demand responsive buses that Ealing and one other London borough—a Conservative-run borough—were undertaking before covid pulled the plug on them, as his predecessor, the right hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Grant Shapps), said he would do before being shuffled off?
I would be delighted to discuss these matters with TfL at our regular meetings.
All the decisions in this space are devolved to Transport for London as part of a £6 billion package, and I would be delighted to discuss the matter with the Mayor or the commissioner for transport at my next meeting with them.
A passing loop on the South Fylde rail line would double the number of trains coming into my constituency every hour, facilitating the millions of people who come to Blackpool every year.
Following the award of feasibility moneys to look at the project, will the Minister meet me to appraise the options?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
He is right that the Government have committed half a billion pounds to deliver more railways under the restoring your railway projects.
The strategic outline business case on the project that he has worked so hard for is with the Department, and I am happy to meet him to discuss it.
There has been remarkably little progress in rolling out streetside chargers for electric vehicles outside buildings with multiple residents.
What action are the Government taking to promote this scheme and to ensure we have the correct regulatory framework in place?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of our ORCS—on-street residential chargepoint scheme—fund to support on-street charging.
We also have the new LEVI—local electric vehicle infrastructure—fund, and have given money to local authorities to support capability building in the area.
If there is a specific concern that animates him in relation to his constituency, he is welcome to write to me.
Yesterday, I chaired a roundtable with the freight sector, looking at the growing problem of theft from lorries in overnight lorry parks and service stations, which is costing the economy hundreds of millions of pounds a year.
What is my hon.
Friend doing with the sector to ensure that for the extortionate fees freight companies are charged, they get secure parking overnight?