I agree with my hon.
Friend that history will judge this to be one of the most significant NATO summits.
There was the significant change in the defence investment pledge, so 2% is now firmly established as a floor, not a ceiling.
There was the most comprehensive update to NATO’s war fighting plans in decades, if not since the end of the cold war, and they are remarkable in their breadth and significance.
There was the accession of new members—Finland, and Sweden to follow.
Lastly, there was the move on membership for Ukraine.
Taken together, that represents a significant set of NATO achievements, sitting alongside the multilateral security guarantees.
As my hon.
Friend says, it has been an historic and very important couple of days.
I hope that in his reply the Prime Minister will help clarify that it is we who owe gratitude to Ukraine, not the other way round.
Will he update the House on plans not simply to help Ukraine win the war, but to win the peace?
The reconstruction of Ukraine will cost at least $400 billion, and Russia should be helping to foot the bill.
That means we need new laws to seize, not simply freeze, assets.
It means we need action at the United Nations to change the norms around immunity of central banks.
Crucially,  it means we need to start prosecuting Russia for the crime of aggression.
That will require us to mobilise not simply a military NATO, but an economic NATO.
Will the Prime Minister update us on the conversations that he has had to make that a reality?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we have recently hosted the Ukraine recovery conference, for which the Ukrainian Government and people are extremely grateful.
It was the most successful conference of its ilk that has happened, raising more than $60 billion for Ukraine’s reconstruction and mobilising private sector capital, as is necessary.
It was seen as a significant achievement and the UK leading from the front.
With regard to assets, I point him to a good couple of paragraphs in the NATO communiqué.
All allies are taking steps, as are we, to legally freeze assets until suitable reparations from Russia have been put in place for reconstruction.
He will understand that the international framework for doing so is untested and novel.
It requires co-operation among allies, and that co-operation and work is happening.
Further to the question from  the right hon.
Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) , I welcome the UK’s strong leadership at the NATO summit and thank the Prime Minister for it.
The unity, the resources and the new members send a powerful message.
There is no timetable for Ukraine joining NATO, but its membership is only a matter of time.
When that time comes, the extent of reconstruction and the investment needed will be vast.
A lot of Russian assets are held here and are frozen.
Can the Prime Minister elaborate even further on the conversations he had at the summit on how the UK will again play a leadership role in unlocking resources from those Russian assets to help with the reconstruction of Ukraine?
We have recently published new legislation that will enable sanctions on Russia to be maintained until Moscow pays compensation to Ukraine.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will pursue all lawful routes to ensure that Russian assets are made available in support of Ukraine’s reconstruction, in line with international law.
Our international partners are, like the UK, yet to fully test the lawfulness of a new asset seizure regime, but that is exactly the work we are doing with allies, particularly across the G7, to share expertise and experience.
In 1994, Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons in return for guarantees about its security and territorial integrity.
Given what has happened since, we all understand why President Zelensky is so keen to join the alliance.
Does the Prime Minister agree that when and however the current war ends, NATO membership at that point will need to form the cornerstone of new security guarantees that the people of Ukraine can rely on?
I think the people of Ukraine received a very strong signal of support from the NATO alliance over the past couple of days.
That is what President Zelensky believes and it is what he is taking back to his country.
He called it a significant security  victory.
The signature of the multilateral agreement on security guarantees by the G7 represents near-term, immediate support for Ukraine’s security from the G7 allies.
I am highly confident that others will join that declaration, too, giving the Ukrainian people some assurance and security, which they rightly deserve.
I commend the Prime Minister for his leading role at the NATO summit, and I very much support his statement.
In the statement, he said: “All allies made an enduring commitment to invest at least 2% of GDP.”
Many countries have been making that promise for many years and never actually fulfilling it.
They want the protection of NATO but are not paying their fair share towards it, and are instead relying on the UK taxpayer and, more importantly, the US taxpayer to foot the bill.
What more can be done to ensure that every country in NATO, if they want the protection of NATO, pays its fair share?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and I agree wholeheartedly.
It is why we fought hard for the new defence investment pledge to set 2% as an enduring commitment and as a floor, not a ceiling.
Progress has been made.
If he looks at the statistics over the past couple of years in particular, he will see an increase not just in the volume of defence spending across the alliance, but in the number of countries that are meeting 2%.
That is forecast to be potentially as high as two thirds of all members next year, which would represent a landmark achievement.
He is right that we must keep the pressure on and urge everyone to fulfil their 2% commitment.