The Government’s commitment to deliver 4,000 zero-emission buses by the end of the Parliament lies in tatters and is in the realms of fantasy.
No creative counting can hide the fact that there are still only six buses funded through the zero emission bus regional areas scheme on the roads.
Will the Minister come clean with Parliament and passengers, and admit that the Government will fail in spectacular style in their promise to deliver those 4,000 zero-emission buses on the road?
Will the Minister also take the opportunity to exercise a little humility and tell us how many buses have been ordered—not funding allocated, as that does not mean anything to anyone?
How many will be manufactured in the UK?
How many will realistically be on the road by the end of the Parliament?
If the hon.
Gentleman had waited for a response to his written parliamentary question, which is coming later day, he would have noticed that 68 buses from the ZEBRA—zero emission bus regional areas—scheme are now on the road.
He seems to have failed to realise that that is out of a total of 1,604 that are on the road, from out of the 4,233 that have been funded across the UK.
He might want to ignore previous schemes, but it is very important that we look at schemes right across the country.
On top of that, he asked how many had been ordered across the country: 2,464 have been ordered.
We are making great progress towards the over 4,000 by the end of the Parliament.
If he would like to provide some extra cash or outline a Labour policy that will do anything for bus users in this area, I would really love to hear it.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of ticket office closures on rail users.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of ticket office closures on rail users.
As I set out to the House last week, these industry-led reforms are about modernising the passenger experience.
When proposing major changes to ticket office opening hours, including closures, operators are required to take into account the adequacy of the proposed alternatives in relation to the needs of all passengers, and to include that in the notice of the proposal sent to other operators and passenger groups.
Mr Speaker, you yourself said that this news has been most unwelcome for the elderly, disabled and blind.
Was an impact equality assessment carried out?
I am lucky that Sadiq Khan is keeping all my Transport for London stations open, but rail workers risked their lives for us all.
They were not watching box sets of Bridgerton during covid.
Can the Minister commit to saying there will be no redundancies?
Mr Speaker, I will come back to you with regards to Chorley station.
I repeat: the aim of the train operators is to redeploy staff to where they can interact with all passengers, rather than just the one in 10 who purchase tickets from ticket offices.
Some 99% of all transactions can now be completed online or at ticket machines.
I will just repeat the point that the Labour Mayor of London seems to think that getting more staff out and helping more passengers is a good way to operate, because that is exactly how London Underground continues to operate, as well as other operators across the country, including the Tyne and Wear Metro.
I have a lot of respect for the Minister, who I believe wants to do the right thing, but the rosy picture he portrays is not borne out by the reality.
In my constituency, at Burnage station, the ticket office opening from 6.30 am to 1 pm is being replaced by a person from midday to 2 pm, at East Didsbury, where the ticket office has the same six-and-a-half hour opening, it is being replaced by a person for two hours from 9.30 am, and at Mauldeth Road, the ticket office that opens from 7 am to 1.50 pm is replaced by a person from 9.30 am to 11 am.
All three stations have massively reduced hours—by over two thirds—and, importantly, will no longer be covered by a member of staff at rush hour.
How can the proposals result in anything other than a much worse service for my constituents and other passengers?
Will he ask Northern to rethink?
The train operators’ proposals, as I have stated, are to ensure that ticket office staff can be with members of the public and passengers where they best need them.
It is also undoubtedly the case that some ticket offices are selling just one ticket per hour, so it may well be that train operators are looking at exactly which hours are best attainable.
As I mentioned, there is one particular train operator that is currently looking to staff 18 currently unstaffed stations by spreading and redeploying staff across its network.
I will be having conversations with the train operators as the proposals move along.
I will certainly take forward the hon.
Member’s point
and I thank him for his engagement earlier this week on High Speed 2.