I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a champion of rail in the north-east.
I thank him for his long-standing support for this scheme and for sponsoring the bid for restoring your railway ideas funding to reopen a station at Ferryhill.
The updated strategic outline business case for the Ferryhill-Middlesbrough proposal is with the Department and we will be looking at it shortly.
Railway ticket offices are essential railway infrastructure.
The Minister has said that his hope is that staff will be redeployed on to the concourse, so can he comment on the fact that the planning assumption for Great Western Railway, once it closes the ticket office in Plymouth, is that it will cut the number of roles at Plymouth station by 42%, as part of a 40% cut in the workforce across the network in the south-west?
Is that his actual plan?
Can he also publish the letter of instruction sent by his Department to train operating companies requiring them to start the consultation on ticket office closures?
I certainly intend to be as transparent as you would expect in this regard, Mr Speaker, so I will look into the hon.
Member’s request.
I re-emphasise that this is a consultation by the train operators.
His own train operator will no doubt take his comments about the station in his constituency on board.
That will then be assessed by the passenger body and, if matters need to be worked upon, I would expect those two bodies to do that.
If that cannot occur, it moves to an ultimate determination in the Department for Transport.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Tomorrow marks two years since the Government published their decarbonisation plan, our road map to clean travel.
In that time, we have come a long way.
We have agreed international targets for aviation decarbonisation, allowing aviation to grow without harming the climate.
As the Minister of State, Department for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , said, just last week at the International Maritime Organisation, we worked  with our partners to secure the agreement of 174 other member states for net zero shipping by 2050.
Our zero emission vehicle mandate will see this country continue to lead the world’s major economies in decarbonising road transport, opening the door to not only significant reductions in carbon emissions, but investment and manufacturing opportunities to turbocharge British business.
On every mode of transport, we are working to cut our carbon emissions, grow the economy and business, and give people across the country the freedom to travel when they need to, in the way that suits them best, without having to worry about the environmental impact of doing so.
I praise the roads Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Durham (Mr Holden) , for taking an active interest in the A5.
I have met with him multiple times, including last week, when we were dealing with the A5 yet again.
I understand why the RIS3 programme has been pushed back.
However, the A5 acts as a construction for prosperity, growth and housing in our area.
Four points on the A5 were pinpointed as being narrow.
Can he let me know where they were, as National Highways said it would do that?
Can he give an indication of how I can move National Highways forward to try to release the strangulation on our area?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question and for his kind comments about my hon.
Friend the roads Minister.
Between the M42 and M6, the A5 is a key artery for business and motorists and, as he says, it is integral to local growth plans.
National Highways continues to develop options to upgrade the route, as part of the pipeline of its potential future schemes, including considering measures that address stretches of the route where safety issues are of greatest concern, such as the pinch points that he talks about.
Outputs from that work will feed into priorities for future investment strategies.