What steps he has taken to improve infrastructure for cycling and walking.
The Government, as the House will be aware, are investing more than any other in active travel, with more than £3 billion in investment over this Parliament, which enables the delivery of high-quality schemes across the country.
Active Travel England is helping local authorities to deliver the greatest possible value for money in that investment by ensuring that relevant schemes comply with the guidance.
It is also ensuring that any active travel schemes funded by the Department are of the highest quality.
In 2022, the Minister’s Department said: “Increasing walking and cycling can make life easier and more convenient for people, whilst helping to tackle some of the most challenging issues we face as a society—improving health and wellbeing, improving air quality, combatting climate change and tackling congestion on our roads.”
His Department’s data confirms all that, including the role that low-traffic neighbourhoods play in all this.
Now the Secretary of State has boasted that he has stopped funding for future LTNs as part of the two-thirds cut in active travel, which the local authorities do not have the money to build back up, due to the cuts they have had.
Why are the Government pandering to the Twitter warriors and not the data and those in their own party who support investment in active travel?
I find that surprising, if I may say so, because this Government are not only investing, but seeking to reduce any possibility of conflict between drivers of cars and cyclists.
I do not think the hon.
Lady should disagree with policies that are designed to reduce that conflict.
What we want to see is more choice for people in how they travel.
Inevitably, many and increasing numbers of people want to use active travel, because of all its health and environmental advantages.
While we all want to encourage and give people the freedom to travel how they wish, including by walking or cycling, will the Minister confirm that the Government are 100% not anti-car, that they will allow people the freedom to travel when they want, where they want, in their own vehicles, and indeed that blanket 20 mph zones, where congestion builds up, are not good for anyone in local communities?
We are respectful of decisions made locally by local authorities, but he is absolutely right that, as I said, we are seeking to promote choice.
That approach does mean that where people want to use cars, they will be perfectly able to do so, and where they want to use active travel, with all its personal and environmental benefits, they can do that as well.