Order.
Please, I want to hear the Prime Minister.
I think the point has been made.
I also welcome the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s new-found affection for the NATO alliance, having sat for long years next to someone who wanted to— [Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the Prime Minister; those who do not can please leave now.
Mr Speaker, you can tell from the volume of noise that they do not like it, but it is the truth.
[Interruption.]
Order.
It is the same for those on the Government Benches—I want to hear the Prime Minister, and I do not want those on the Government side stopping me either.
The reality is this: for long years, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman sat there next to someone who did not support NATO and wanted to scrap Trident and abolish our armed forces.
That is what the record is, but I am pleased that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman joins the Government in supporting efforts for Ukraine.
It is important that that remains a united position across this House.
[Interruption.]
Order.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  is stepping in for the Chief Whip; that does not mean that he can carry on shouting like he does when at this end of the Chamber.
Briefly, with regard to NATO membership, it is important that President Zelensky’s words are listened to.
He said that he viewed the NATO summit as providing a meaningful success for Ukraine—for his country and its people—because significant progress was made on the path towards NATO membership.
It is a question of when, not if, and as the Secretary-General said, what was a two-step process has now become a  one-step process, with more political support and momentum behind Ukraine’s membership than at any time in NATO’s history.
That is something that President Zelensky understands and appreciates, and over the course of the two days, it was crystal clear that there is an incredibly strong feeling among all alliance members to support Ukraine on that journey as quickly as practically possible.