Halifax ticket office is facing closure.
We know that one in six journeys on Northern are purchased at a ticket office, which is higher than the national average.
There might be more of a case for closing ticket offices if there was not near constant chaos on rail networks in the north.
Pretty relentless cancelled and delayed services are not uncommon, with the fragmentation of the tickets on offer resulting in everybody having questions about what service they can get on and when.
Why on earth are the Government allowing the closure of the ticket offices?
This is ultimately a matter for the train operators, but they have taken the view that their staff can be better redeployed across the station concourse platform and barrier, accessing 100% of passengers, rather than the 10% nationally who purchase their tickets from a ticket office.
Effectively, this is the railway catching up with the change in passenger behaviour and demand.
I very much hope that in Halifax there will be a better service as a result.
Some train operators are looking to turn currently unstaffed stations into staffed stations by redeploying, and I again give the commitment from the train operators that no currently staffed station will become unstaffed as a result of these changes.
I gently say to the Minister that Chorley matters to me; its ticket office is open all day, but the proposal is to have somebody available from nine to four, which is half the time.
Please do take this up for people with disabilities, rightly, but don’t forget that what you are being told is not the case.
What recent steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to reduce disruption caused by roadworks.
What recent steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to reduce disruption caused by roadworks.
Roadworks are essential to ensure the safety and integrity of England’s highway network, and it is also essential that utility companies can install and repair the equipment on which we all rely.
Some disruption is inevitable, but the Government have introduced several initiatives, such as Street Manager, to reduce that.
Another tool, lane rental schemes, allows local highway authorities to charge works promoters for the time that street works and roadworks occupy the highway.
Charges are focused on the very busiest streets at the busiest times, with the aim of reducing congestion.
The west midlands has great transport connectivity, but we are particularly vulnerable to congestion caused by roadworks.
The works to replace the central barrier on a 7.5-mile stretch of the M42 are causing  delays to my constituents and many others across the region.
That work is clearly important, but it is vital that we minimise disruption.
Please can the Minister outline what steps have been taken to ensure that these works are completed as soon as possible?