The Prime Minister knows that UK stockpiles are being depleted due to the war in Ukraine and, for us to rightly sustain our support at the right level, the Government should be fully addressing our diminished defence industrial base and skills shortages.
Our NATO allies were swift to reboot their defence plans, yet he has consistently delayed the defence Command Paper.
Why is that?
The hon.
Member talks about what other allies are doing but, again, that is not the conversation that I have been having for the past couple of days: other allies look up to the UK and to the example that we have set.
We are the ones increasing defence spending, particularly to rebuild stockpiles.
As I mentioned, there was £5 billion of investment at the Budget coming on top of half a billion pounds at the autumn statement.
A new contract was announced just this week, which is creating jobs across the country, but particularly in the north.
That is the right thing to do, and that is what we will continue to deliver.
What conclusions has the Prime Minister drawn about the increased vulnerability of Ukraine since it gave up its nuclear weapons and the contribution that our nuclear weapons make to our own security?
Our nuclear deterrent is the ultimate guarantee of our security.
That is why it is so important for the UK and an important part of the  contribution that we bring to NATO.
We are one of the few countries that offers NATO not just nuclear capabilities but carrier strike, fifth-generation combat air and leading maritime across the board, as well as cyber-offensive.
That is why we are respected in NATO and why we are a valuable member of the alliance.
This week, I was at the forum of the NATO summit in Vilnius alongside my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Mr Jones) , who is vice-president of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.
I hope that the Prime Minister will join me in paying tribute to Lithuania not only for its political leadership, but for having been such excellent hosts and organising such an historic summit.
But the mood in Vilnius was not quite how the Prime Minister has presented it.
Representatives of Ukraine’s Parliament and civil society had a clear and sobering message that as the war goes on for longer, Ukraine is losing brave fighters on the frontline.
That is why it is so important that we get the weapons that Ukraine needs to win into the hands of those brave soldiers now.
What are the practical outcomes of what was agreed that will ensure that those resources are on the frontline so that Ukraine can win sooner rather  than later?
I would say to the hon.
Lady that that is exactly what we have been doing for the past year, and the Ukrainian Government and people are extremely grateful for our leadership on that issue.
But I join her in paying tribute to Lithuania not just for hosting the summit excellently, but for demonstrating so clearly why our collective security is so important.
Given Lithuania’s geographic position and the threats it faces, particularly from Belarus, it was important that the NATO summit was held there.
It sends a strong signal of our unity in supporting the eastern flank of the NATO alliance, which I think is incredibly important.