Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
102

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, June 18, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 20

9 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the immediate and long-term

challenges facing public school teachers, focusing on

low pay, teacher shortages, and underfunded public

schools.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, and the nominations of

Michelle Williams Court, Anne Hwang, and Cynthia

Valenzuela Dixon, each to be United States District

Judge for the Central District of California, Sarah

Netburn, to be United States District Judge for the

Southern District of New York, Stacey D. Neumann, to be

United States District Judge for the District of Maine,

Embry J. Kidd, of Florida, to be United States Circuit

Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, Adam B. Abelson, to be

United States District Judge for the District of

Maryland, Joseph Francis Saporito, Jr., to be United

States District Judge for the Middle District of

Pennsylvania, and Meredith A. Vacca, to be United

States District Judge for the Western District of New

York; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine pending nominations.
JULY 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the GSA's Public

Buildings Service.