The Minister has done it for me, but I alert colleagues to my interests in this area.
Last month, the Advertising Standards Authority ruled against seven companies posing as treatment providers or impartial advice services or for failing to make clear their role in earning commission when they were in fact brokers—and I can tell the Minister that many more such companies escaped that ruling.
They are able to mislead families while taking cuts of up to 40% of fees being paid directly to treatment providers.
Frankly, they have been able to run the sector like a racket.
Can we make sure that this ruling by the Advertising Standards Authority is the start of something new, where we can seek to regulate practices properly, and will the Minister meet me and interested parties?
Attempting to exploit people with addictions is reprehensible.
Free drug and alcohol treatment is available in every part of the country and I urge anyone who is struggling right now to visit the NHS addiction website.
The Care Quality Commission has said that it could take legal action against companies misusing its logo, and Google has said it would remove search listings from these companies.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to see what more we can do to stop this outrageous activity.
Social prescribing is one of the primary care services provided for drug and alcohol addiction, and it also supports the Government’s aim of moving from cure to prevention, which is why I was shocked to hear that a primary care network in my constituency is reviewing its social prescribing offering across the Chichester district and proposing to remove it entirely.
Does the Minister agree that social prescribing is a key pillar of our primary care services, and does the money used need to be ringfenced to protect that service across the country?
Social prescribing is one of the tools, and it is an important one in addressing public health concerns in each of our constituencies.
This Government are committed to ensuring that we get those shifts from sickness to prevention.
We will be ensuring that local areas have public health funding in reasonable time.
We are about to announce, in due course, this year’s allocations.
We need to make sure that local systems maximise the use of their money, and that certainly includes social prescribing.
In 2022, there were more than 10,000 deaths from alcohol use.
We know that more than 600,000 people have an alcohol dependency.
We need to focus not just on treatment services and their funding, but on prevention.
The last  Government failed to bring forward a timely alcohol strategy.
Will the Minister update the House on what he is doing to ensure that we are tackling this massive situation in our communities?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
As part of the Government’s health mission, we are producing a five-point plan for prevention, and alcohol harms is one of those areas.
I hope to be able to update her and the House in due course on the actions we will be taking to drive down the prevalence of alcohol harms and other addictions, because they are costing lives and causing misery in communities.
That is why this Government are determined to tackle these public health problems.