Will the Secretary of State confirm what is being done to ensure that patients with rare and complex conditions, such as functional neurologic disorder and achalasia, can access consistent and co-ordinated care, including referrals to the multidisciplinary teams they need for the different symptoms they experience?
The hon.
Member is right to raise cases where there are multiple comorbidities or complex conditions requiring a range of care services.
That is why we need to design services around the patient, not expect patients to contort themselves around the services.
Our approach to neighbourhood health services should make a real difference in that regard, but we have to go further and faster on health and care integration, and we absolutely will.
Order.
I call Kevin McKenna to ask the final question.
I strongly welcome yesterday’s announcement about using initiatives such as community diagnostic centres to move services closer to the public.
In the Isle of Sheppey, we are particularly exposed as a coastal community, but thankfully a new CDC will really help.
Unfortunately, my experience in the NHS over the past few years shows that while the previous Government talked the talk about shifting care to the community, they failed to deliver.
Will the Secretary of State set out what steps will be taken, so I can show my constituents that this shift will actually happen?
I am delighted to have my hon.
Friend and his experience in the House, standing up for his community and giving us his advice and wisdom as we develop our 10-year plan.
We are already walking the talk on the shift to community, not least through the big uplift in funding for general practice announced before Christmas.
Many people assume our elective reform plan is just about hospital waiting lists, but a big part of it is about delivering the left shift by asking and funding general practice to do more to manage patients in the community.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth, and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in northern Gaza.
The situation in northern Gaza is dire.
The UK condemns Israel’s restrictions on aid in the strongest terms.
The scale of human suffering is unimaginable.
We have been clear that this is a man-made crisis and Israel must act immediately to address it.
The need for humanitarian assistance to reach Gaza is greater than ever before.
Close to 46,000 people have now been killed.
All of Gaza’s population is reported to face the risk of famine.
Air strikes within the designated humanitarian zone show there are no safe spaces left for civilians.
Reports of up to eight children having died from the cold weather conditions are unconscionable.
It is unacceptable that many medical facilities are no longer in use or are inaccessible to humanitarian actors, and we remain deeply concerned by reports of medics being killed or injured.
I have raised this, and will continue to raise this, with both the Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister and Israel’s ambassador to the United Kingdom.
I have also specifically raised the detention of Kamal Adwan Hospital director Dr Hussam Abu Safiya with both the Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister and Israel’s ambassador to the UK.
We urge Israel to urgently clarify the reasons for his detention, as well as for the detention of paediatrician Mohammed Hamouda and all the other health workers detained in Gaza.
The UK is doing all we can to alleviate this suffering.
We have provided £112 million for the Occupied Palestinian Territories this financial year, including £41 million for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, providing vital services to civilians in Gaza and the west bank, and to Palestinians across the region, delivered through partner agencies.
The UK is also supporting the provision of essential healthcare to civilians in Gaza, including support to UK-Med for operating its field hospitals, and we have provided £1 million to the Egyptian Ministry of Health to support medically evacuated Palestinians from Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary, working with his French and German counterparts, wrote to the Government of Israel in November to press them to ensure adequate preparations for winter.
Make no mistake: in lockstep with our partners, we are continuing to exert pressure to make sure that northern Gaza is not cut off from the south, that Gazans are not forcibly transferred from or within Gaza, and that there is no reduction in the territory of the Gaza strip.
We need a ceasefire, we need hostages to be released, we need much more aid into Gaza, and we need civilians to be protected.
Over 450 days on, we all know the statistics—45,000 Palestinians killed, 100 hostages missing, 2.3 million people desperate—but I want to tell a single human story.
I have previously spoken about my friend,  consultant surgeon Mohamed, who operated on me when I had sepsis.
His family are trapped in the Jabalia refugee camp.
They are elderly and sick.
One is a three-year-old girl.
He has described how there are bodies strewn in the street.
I am sorry to report that death did not come knocking this weekend.
Rather, it was dropped by a precision drone as Mohamed’s brother and his son walked 10 metres to get aid.
The son died of a brain injury, two 13-year-old girls and their mother have shrapnel wounds, and Mohamed’s elderly father, who was already ill, is in hospital.
A three-year-old, her mother and Mohamed’s mother are alone in a house with no one to help them get food.
These were obviously not militants—they were sick.
They are not legitimate targets of war.
There is no excuse for this.
Mohamed told me it feels like they are living in “The Hunger Games,” dodging drones and scavenging for the basics.
Even if they wanted to leave, how can they?
What part of international law makes any of this okay?
Where is the accountability?
Where is the justice?
What does the Minister have to say to Mohamed, who spends his days saving lives here in the UK while his family are slaughtered overnight?
And it is not just Mohamed.
People in Gaza are trapped in a doom loop of hell—hospitals decimated, and ceasefires promised and never delivered.
So I press the Government again: is this really everything the UK has got?
Have we deployed everything to make this stop?
When will we recognise Palestine?
Why have we not stopped the arms trade to Israel?
And when will the Government ban trading with illegal settlements?
The frustration is palpable.
Our grief is fathomless.
People across the UK are looking on in horror, and the horror in Gaza must stop now.
The hon.
Member speaks passionately about a situation that so few in this House could even imagine.
My thoughts are with Mohamed’s family and the many, many other women, children and civilians who are caught up in this war.
I have seen for myself the injured children across the border in Sinai.
They are the lucky ones who have been able to leave the strip to access medical assistance.
The whole Foreign Office ministerial team has these people in our minds each and every day.
I have been engaged through the break, as many others have, recognising that for most people in Palestine there is no break from a truly dreadful situation.
The hon.
Member asks what I have to say to Mohamed, and I am incredibly sorry for the loss that people are suffering in Palestine.
I am incredibly sorry that we continue to assess that there is a serious risk of breaches of international humanitarian law in Gaza.
We are doing everything we can to try to prevent and reduce them in relation to the arms that she mentioned.
We have taken decisive action to reduce the sale of weapons being used in the conduct of the hostilities in Gaza, the west bank and Lebanon, and will continue to keep the matters under review.
I can only join with the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon in reaching out to those in Palestine in this situation.
We have done much; we recognise there is much more to do.
My heart goes out to those people.