The Prime Minister’s announcement yesterday of his elective recovery plan mirrored that of Sir Saijd Javid in 2022, but one aspect was different.
Our plan explicitly recognised the importance of the workforce being in place to deliver the 9 million extra tests and interpret the results, and it set out proposals to increase that workforce further.
What plans has the Secretary of State to boost the workforce in community diagnostic centres specifically, over and above the plans that he inherited from us, to ensure that his elective recovery plan is deliverable?
The shadow Secretary of State is right to say that we need staff in place to do the job.
The additional funding announced by the Chancellor in the Budget is central to the delivery of this plan—I note that he opposes that funding, which is deeply regrettable—but we need to improve productivity as well.
That is why the plan sets out steps to free up patient appointments that are unnecessary or of low clinical value, but, crucially, staff time in productivity gains is also important, so as well as making the most of the additional investment, we are making the most of delivering value for taxpayers’ money— Order.
Please help me a little bit.
You have had a good run today—don’t spoil it.
On hospices, while the Secretary of State’s pre-Christmas hospice funding announcement was, of course, welcome, the vast bulk of it was in fact non-recurring capital funding, which cannot be used to help them cover the hiked employer national insurance tax on hospices’ most precious asset: their staff.
What steps is he taking to ensure that they receive recurring revenue funding, to enable them to cover the additional costs?
The £100 million capital investment we set out before Christmas is the biggest boost to hospice funding in a generation, and it comes on top of the £26 million that we announced for the children and young people’s hospice grant.
The right hon.
Gentleman cannot welcome the investment and keep opposing the means of raising it.
Would he cut services or raise other taxes?
He has got to answer.
Pharmacy First is an incredibly popular service that has allowed many residents in Chatham and Aylesford to be referred for illnesses or urgent repeat medicine supplies.
Can the Minister indicate whether there warrants a further review and expansion of this offering, to include further access to medicines, including those to treat common dental conditions with bacterial infections, so that patients with these very painful emergency needs can seek immediate over-the-counter appointments?
Can Members please remember that these are topical questions?
We are making a priority of resuming consultations with the sector to stabilise community pharmacy.
Pharmacy First has built on existing services to increase the clinical scope.
The conditions treated under Pharmacy First vary across the UK, and the NHS will keep this under review.
When we think of social care, we often think of those who are older, but at a recent advice surgery I met the mother of a 20-year-old with complex needs that local services are unable to meet, so the only option that would allow him to engage with his peers is residential care further afield, taking him away from his family.
Will the Minister meet with me, my constituent and his mother to discuss how we ensure that those with complex needs are properly supported?
I am sure the hon.
Lady will welcome the fact that we have found an £86 million uplift for the disabled facilities grant, but on the specific question she raises, I would be happy to meet her and discuss that further.
Groups such as Action for ME and Long Covid Support tirelessly advocate for improved care for over 2 million people living in the UK.
How will the Minister ensure that NHS reforms deliver timely diagnosis, effective treatment and long-term support for those affected?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
NHS England is due to complete a stocktake of long covid services throughout England at the end of this month.
That will provide an accurate in-depth overview of not only long covid services but ME/CFS—myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome—services.
The stocktake will provide a comprehensive and accurate national picture, identify key challenges and make strategic recommendations for future service improvement, development and assurance.
Since 2017 I have been raising the crisis facing East Kent hospitals university NHS foundation trust.
Seven different Health Secretaries across those seven years have promised much but delivered nothing at all.
Patients continue to face unacceptably long waits on trolleys in corridors, and last month the  paper compared these conditions to a war zone, with an average of 40 very ill patients a day facing more than 12-hour waits.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the CEO of our trust, who is desperate for even the most basic diagnostic equipment, to ensure that this does not continue to be the case for another seven years?
Yes, I or the Minister of State for Health would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
She is right to describe the scale of challenge in urgent and emergency care.
Of course, there are other challenges in east Kent, particularly in maternity services, which I am acutely aware of too, and I would be delighted to work with her to help solve some of those challenges in her community.
The Family Dental Practice in my constituency has faced significant challenges caused by dental contracts introduced by the previous Government.
The pilot scheme it took part in caused long-lasting operational financial damages to the practice.
How will the Secretary of State support such practices, and will he consider measures such as rebasing the unit of dental activity targets to help them overcome these challenges?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the NHS dental contract simply is not working.
We are working with the sector to reform the contract, with a shift to focusing on prevention and the retention of NHS dentists.
We will deliver on our pledge to provide 700,000 more urgent dental appointments at the earliest possible opportunity, targeting areas that need them most.
One in five social care jobs in Cumbria are currently unfilled, and the consequences are unbearable for those who are vulnerable; indeed, they are causing pressure on the rest of the NHS.
Will the Secretary of State look carefully at the specific needs of rural communities such as ours, where it is so much harder to recruit and retain social care workers?
I was in Cumbria recently, and I was struck by the fact that the care home I visited in Carlisle is delivering great intermediate care for the NHS at half the price of a hospital bed—a really good example of how social care often delivers better value and better care.
However, the hon.
Gentleman is right about the  recruitment challenges.
We are determined to work with local training providers and the local university to make sure that we recruit social care workers, grow our own in Cumbria and keep them in Cumbria.
The East of England ambulance service NHS trust remains at the highest escalation level—level 4—as call handlers in Bedford remain under immense pressure after responding to 39,000 calls between Christmas and new year.
Despite the unprecedented demand, the trust is considering closing the Bedford emergency operation centre, putting nearly 200 jobs at risk.
Given that resources are already stretched to the limit in Bedford, does the Secretary of State agree that we must keep experienced staff who have helped to save countless lives in the region?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the particular problems in his constituency.
Decisions on the configuration of call centres are a matter for local trusts in consultation with staff and representatives, and I encourage him to continue to engage with the trust in the interests of his constituents.
Will the additional money announced for hospices before Christmas cover the full cost of the increase in employer’s national insurance contributions or not?
The Conservatives cannot, on the one hand, welcome the investment and, on the other hand, condemn the means of raising it.
Would they cut NHS and care services, or would they raise other taxes?
They have to answer.