Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
Doctors throughout the NHS, no matter who employs them, have blanket maternity agreements, but nurses do not.
When I visited the River Place health centre, I found that nurses employed by Whittington Health were working alongside nurses employed by the GP practice who got completely different maternity leave and pay.
As we turn out our hospitals into the community and do much more work in that way, such anomalies will get worse.
It is not fair and I wonder what my hon.
Friend is going to do about it.
My right hon.
Friend highlights a problem throughout the system, not just in her area.
Self-employed contractors to NHS GP surgeries are not bound by national terms and conditions; they can develop their terms and conditions as they see fit.
They have the flexibility to set terms and conditions to aid recruitment and retention.
We anticipate that good employers will set wage rates and terms and conditions that reflect the skills and experience of their staff.
That is better for staff and for patients, and I know that she will continue to highlight that with her local employer.
It is certainly something that we need to keep an eye on as we develop services further.
What steps he is taking to extend Start for Life services to South Cambridgeshire constituency.
We believe that every child deserves the best start in life.
Due to the challenging fiscal context, we are initially prioritising family hubs and Start for Life funding to areas of high deprivation.
We will consider the case for extension to South Cambridgeshire in future financial years.
We know how important the best start in life is for opportunities for all.
Only half upper-tier local authorities currently receive prioritised Start for Life and family hub funding—78
do not.
In South Cambridgeshire, officers are doing huge work to provide support and signposting without dedicated funding, which means that babies, young parents and young families do not receive the full benefits.
Will the Minister commit, in the next spending review, to extending these services across the whole of England?
Local authorities were pre-selected using the income deprivation affecting children index average rank scores, with a rural and urban weighting applied.
Tackling child inequalities in health and outcomes is crucial.
As resources allow, it is the ambition of the Government to ensure that Start for Life services reach every child.
What steps he is taking to ensure that brain tumours are included in the national cancer plan.
Let me start by commending the hon.
Gentleman for his fundraising efforts to fight cancer in Surrey and his support for the Brain Tumour Charity.
We are committed to ensuring that people with brain tumours have access to more effective treatments and excellent care through, for instance, our national cancer plan, and we will give more details shortly.