Getting aid over the border is absolutely critical.
In the light of the Minister’s words, he will also recognise, notwithstanding his comments about the previous Conservative Government, that that Government actively identified different ways to get aid into Gaza and secure food aid in particular.
A special representative for humanitarian affairs was appointed, who was on the ground with a clear remit to address bottlenecks and those issues.
There were clear proposals put to the Government of Israel to increase the delivery of aid and support.
There was active dialogue and Israel made a number of significant and welcome commitments.
Will the Minister give details of the recent engagement on fulfilling those vital commitments, how those responsible are being held to account and whether the Foreign Office, under his Government, has identified and proposed new and alternative routes for aid delivery in recent weeks?
Importantly, the only other way to bring this appalling humanitarian conflict and suffering to a sustainable end in Gaza is for Hamas to release all the hostages.
I appreciate that we have debated this difficult matter previously, but may I ask the Minister what discussions are currently taking place?
The onus, as we know, is on Hamas, but what steps are the Government taking right now?
There are many hostages that we know of, including Emily Damari whom we have spoken about before.
All our thoughts are with those hostages and their families.
We must know what the UK’s position is, especially in relation to calling out Hamas.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken was right to say at the weekend that we have not seen a great deal of condemnation.
May I conclude by asking the Minister what points of influence we have with Israel in particular and what his Government are doing to address this conflict?
The shadow Foreign Secretary rightly raises the important role of the special representative for humanitarian affairs.
He remains in post and continues to have dialogue with the Israelis and others about what can be done to ensure that adequate aid gets into Gaza.
There has been a great deal of discussion about different routes.
I have been to North Sinai to see the routes in through al-Arish, and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development has been in Jordan to see the routes there.
The most fundamental of all of these questions is who controls the crossings.
In most cases, that is the Israeli Government and the steps that need to be taken sit most acutely with them.
There are, of course, other questions that are important and relevant, not least those to do with law and order in the Gaza strip, where there are serious and concerning reports of looting.
None the less, getting the aid in is vital, and that is through the crossings.
We have been raising these points forcefully with the Israeli Government, and it has been disappointing to see with my own eyes British aid piling up in al-Arish, despite the good efforts of the special envoy and others to encourage the Israelis to make progress in delivering the flood of aid into Gaza that they promised.
rose— Sorry, I was just taking a breath.
On the vital question about hostages, we are continuing to use all of our influence to try to ensure an early resolution to the crisis, which has been going on for far, far too  long.
We must work each and every day to try to advance that situation.
Clearly, given the degree of tactical leaking to the press about the latest talks, I do not want to comment on press reports.