We absolutely want to ensure early detection of these cancers, and I recently met representatives of the Brain Tumour Charity to discuss how we can roll that out.
The Government are investing an awful lot of money in tackling cancers, but there is a great deal more that we can do on brain cancer.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We have been busy announcing investment in hospices, an uplift in funding for general practice, action through disabled facilities grants and a new independent commission on adult social care, and yesterday the Prime Minister announced the elective care reform plan.
As I have said, however, the NHS is experiencing a period of significant winter challenge.
The number of beds occupied by people with flu has been much higher than the number last year, and is continuing to rise.
An average of just over 4,200 beds were occupied by flu patients at the end of December, surpassing the peak of about 2,500 reported last year.
We monitor the situation closely, working hand in hand with NHS England and care leaders, and I continue to chair weekly meetings with senior leaders in social care, NHS England and the UK Health Security Agency.
I am sure the Secretary of State will share my shock and anger about the number of young people in my constituency who are waiting more than four years for a first assessment by child and adult mental health services.
Can he confirm that yesterday’s  commitment by the Prime Minister that patients would not wait more than 18 weeks for a first appointment will apply to CAMHS in Oxfordshire?
We are determined to improve children and young people’s experience of both mental and physical health services, and we are determined to do more to ensure that mental health and paediatric waits are put under the spotlight and given the same attention as the overall elective backlog.
I am sure we will have more to say about that when we publish the 10-year plan.
I pay tribute to my constituents Sheila and Joe Ward, who have long campaigned for vaccine-injured people and bereaved families following the death of their husband and father.
The vaccine damage payment scheme has received 16,824 claims.
When can people who are still mourning the loss of loved ones expect to receive the compensation that they deserve?
In September the Secretary of State and I met the families of people who had suffered harm following the covid-19 vaccination, including my hon.
Friend’s constituent Sheila Ward, and they raised the need for reform of the vaccination damage scheme.
We listened closely to their descriptions of what they had been through and agreed to look at a number of options, noting that cross-cutting Government decisions might be necessary.
We are also working with the NHS Business Services Authority to improve claimants’ experiences of the scheme, and to ensure that claims are processed quickly.
Order.
May I remind Members not to walk past when the Minister is replying to a question?
Please have regard for each other; this sets a bad example.