Following the theme raised by my hon.
Friend and neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , may I make a plea for Summertown health centre?
They are my doctors, by the way, so I declare an interest.
They operate in an old Victorian building and are desperate to move to new premises.
That health centre was at the top of the priority list, but the ICB says that there is no money, and the doctors say that there is no pot that they can bid into in order to get this seen to.
Will the Secretary of State meet me as well?
Clearly, £102 million spread across 50 projects in the country is not going to be sufficient.
Can we get creative about how we can get new premises built for Summertown health centre?
Of course I will meet the hon.
Lady.
It would be daft of me to say no to the Chair of the Select Committee; otherwise, she will see me in less pleasant circumstances.
In all seriousness, we are looking creatively at this issue.
There are enormous capital pressures right across the NHS estate.
We are regularly lobbied on new hospitals, for example, but we are also lobbied on general practice, the mental health estate and the rest.
We will do as much as we can as fast as we can, thinking creatively about how we can get more capital investment in, and I would be happy to discuss that further with the hon.
Lady.
When I am out regularly knocking on doors and listening to people across the constituency, one of the issues residents raise with me most frequently is the challenge in even being able to book a GP’s appointment.
Could the Secretary of State please set out what his plans are for ending that 8 am phone scramble, including for those who do not use apps and websites as confidently?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
As the Prime Minister set out in our elective reform plan yesterday, we are determined to make sure that accessing NHS services, including general practice, dentistry and other primary care services, is as easy and convenient as accessing any other services at the touch of a button via our smartphones.
We have committed to that in the elective reform plan, which will bring benefits right across the NHS as we modernise.
Of course, she is right to mention those who may not be digitally connected or may not want to access services in that way.
That is why I believe very strongly in patient choice—different courses for different horses.
People like me booking via the app will free up telephone lines for those who prefer to access services that way.
Is the Secretary of State aware that the increase to employer national insurance is actually reducing patient access to primary care?
I met GP representatives in Aberdeenshire and Aberdeen recently, and they told me of two ways in which that is happening: first, they are having to let staff go; and secondly, some GPs are considering meeting these costs from their own pockets.
Will he consider an exemption for GP practices from these charges?
That was a rare admission of failure in this House by the SNP.
I am very sorry to hear that general practice in Scotland is in such a sorry state, because here in England we are investing £889 million in general practice, the biggest uplift in years.
That is in addition to the funding I have found to employ 1,000 more GPs on the frontline before April, because we are prioritising general practice.
As for the decisions the Chancellor took in the Budget, as I said before the election, all roads lead to Westminster.
Thanks to the decision a Labour Chancellor has made here in Westminster, coming down that road from Westminster to Holyrood are the resources the SNP Government need to deliver the priorities of the Scottish people.
If they cannot, Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie stand ready to deliver.