The Prime Minister was the first Prime Minister to meet the Commissioner-General of UNRWA.
He did so in a week when we had announced further funding for UNRWA.
We have raised those vital questions with the Israeli Government.
We did so over the course of the break.
I myself have met Commissioner-General Lazzarini, and I will be saying more about UNRWA in the coming weeks if we are not in a position to see that the Israelis have taken the action necessary to ensure the sustained and continued support that Palestinians require and which only UNRWA can provide.
Not one single hospital now operates in northern Gaza.
Healthcare staff continue to be targeted, resulting in the death of even more innocent civilians.
We have heard the Minister, but surely what we are doing is not enough.
What can we do to stop the systemic dismantling of the hospitals in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is right that what we have done is not enough, and we know it is not enough because the provision is so poor in northern Gaza.
We are distressed by the scenes in northern Gaza and by the  circumstances that hon.
Members have described.
We will continue to work as hard as we can, both in relation to UNRWA and directly with the Israeli Government, to try to ensure that the aid provision, including medical provision, is provided with urgency.
The current situation is not good enough.
Of course Israel has the right to defend itself, but surely the life of a Palestinian child is as precious as the life of an Israeli child, and it is a breach of international humanitarian law for fuel, food and energy to be cut off from ordinary Palestinians.
Will the Minister confirm to the House that the UK Government have an independent foreign policy on Israel and Gaza, and that it is set in Whitehall, not in Washington?
Britain has an independent foreign policy set by the Foreign Office Ministers and the Prime Minister—I am happy to confirm that to the House.
Of course, for this Government the value of a Palestinian life is exactly the same as that of an Israeli life, and we deplore all the civilian suffering that we have seen in this conflict, which, as I say, has gone on for far too long.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
One of the most appalling aspects of this conflict has been Israel’s reckless disregard not just for civilian life but for that of medical practitioners and patients.
Kamal Adwan hospital, the last major facility in northern Gaza, is now out of service, as Members have said.
Patients have been moved to the nearby but non-functional and partially destroyed Indonesian hospital, and are unable to receive care because of a lack of necessary equipment and supplies.
Will the Minister confirm that Israel’s actions have clearly breached international law, and that a consequence of that will be the continued suspension of weapons sales to Israel when it comes to Gaza?
We are following the situation closely.
I raised the circumstances of those hospitals with the Deputy Foreign Minister on  23 December .
I confirm that all the developments in the conflict are considered as part of the regular assessment process and contribute to the assessments that we make.
Report after report from reputable organisations—the most recent being Amnesty International—have concluded that Israel’s actions in Gaza are genocidal in nature.
The scale of destruction in northern Gaza has now been described as much worse than that in the aftermath of Hiroshima.
Will the Government change their position and identify that Israel’s actions in Gaza are indeed genocidal in nature, and what action will be taken given the grave nature of those facts?
Determinations of genocide and war crimes are properly matters for international courts and, as the House knows, there is an international court process on that question, so I will not comment further on determination questions.
The Member asks about what we are doing, so let me recap again.
We have taken action in relation to arms, aid and diplomatic pressure on the Israelis, and we will continue to do so.
The situation in Gaza is intolerable, and we will continue to take steps to try to reduce the suffering.
I appreciate the difficult position that the Minister is in.
He has spoken a number of times in the House about this issue.
However, I have significant sympathy for  the right hon.
Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse)  and others who have expressed frustration.
Now is the time for action.
I appreciate that we as a Government have done a lot and are significantly different from the previous Government, but that is a very, very low bar.
It is important that this House has its view expressed through Ministers.
Have the Government finally accepted the ICJ’s advisory opinion, which is absolutely crucial to the delivery of a two-state solution and a peace process?
I am always happy to hear the House’s view on these issues, which I have heard and will continue to hear extensively, and I know the strength of feeling across the House.
On the ICJ advisory opinion, we are still considering what was a complex and far-reaching judgment with significant horizontal legal implications as well as in relation specifically to the conflict.
At the heart of that advisory opinion is a concern about the status of the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I am pleased to confirm that we continue to consider Palestinian territory to be occupied, we continue to take a position consistent with international law, and we continue to condemn illegal settlements.
That is why we took tangible—not just rhetorical—steps against violent and illegal settlements in the west bank.