The Secretary of State needs to be careful with the words he uses, as you said, Mr Speaker, because his words did cause anxiety among people.
It was not a disingenuous question; it was a genuine question to make sure that people are reassured.
It will not have escaped the Secretary of State’s notice that it is cold outside.
Removal of the winter fuel allowance has reduced elderly people’s ability to follow the advice that he gave last week, which was to turn the heating on.
What assessment has he made of the number of additional admissions caused by his removal of the winter fuel allowance?
What effect is that having on the Government’s ability to deliver their reduction in elective backlogs?
What the shadow Minister neglects to mention is that the Chancellor has protected the winter fuel allowance for the poorest pensioners, and she has also put in place the warm home discount to assist people with their energy bills throughout the winter.
If the shadow Minister does not support the decisions that the Chancellor took at the Budget and ahead of the Budget to raise vital investment for our health and care services, that is fair enough, but then she needs to tell people which NHS services she would cut or which other taxes she would increase.
Whether he has made an assessment of the effectiveness of improvements made to the Care Quality Commission.
In response to the report by Dr Penny Dash, we have made it clear that the CQC is not fit for purpose and requires significant reform.
We have increased our oversight of the CQC to ensure implementation of the recommendations in Dr Dash’s review, and we will continue to monitor the CQC’s progress through this period of improvement.
We are also supporting the swift and efficient recruitment of CQC leadership roles, including the new chief executive Julian Hartley, who started in December.
It is inarguable that the CQC needs improvement.
Many who run care services in local authorities have little confidence in its performance.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we could go some way to improving how it is viewed by looking at the use of single-word assessments, which create undue stress for social services leads?
They were raised by the Dash review as insufficient to support local authorities to improve, promoting box-ticking over real improvement and giving little information to members of the public on the quality of social services provision.
My hon.
Friend is right that confidence is the key word in the huge agenda that the CQC has to deliver.
Dr Dash and Professor Mike Richards highlighted serious failings that need to be re-addressed.
As one of our predecessors said, priorities are our language.
Currently, a review of one or two-word ratings is not a priority, but it will be kept under review.
Is the Minister indicating today that there will be a new start in the Care Quality Commission, and that things will change for both staff and the recipients of care?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an excellent point, particularly with regard to staff, who need support  to continue their important work.
A new start with new leadership is what they need, as well as implementation of the recommendations.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
As Lord Darzi’s independent investigation found, around 1 million people are waiting to access mental health services in England.
This Government will fix our broken mental health services by recruiting 8,500 more mental health workers, providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and rolling out young futures hubs in every community.
In my constituency of Harrogate and Knaresborough we have heard harrowing stories from people who have tried to reach out and get access to mental health services before they reach crisis point.
Often, people end up facing months-long if not years-long waiting lists.
When all too often they reach a crisis point, they end up having to access services as far away as Newcastle or Manchester.
What are the Government doing to make sure that we can root local community mental health facilities in communities such as Harrogate and Knaresborough?
In addition to the measures that I just set out, in the Budget the Chancellor made funding available to expand talking therapies to 380,000 extra patients.
We have a £26 million capital investment scheme for mental health crisis centres and, as always with this Government, investment goes with reform.
We are finally reforming the Mental Health Act—that was first talked about when Theresa May was in 10 Downing Street.
This Government are rolling up their sleeves and getting on with the job.
Taunton and Wellington is a trailblazer in taking mental health from hospital to community and from sickness to prevention.
The trust is the first in the country to merge mental health with the hospital trust.
Will the Minister meet the trust and me to understand how successful that programme is, and to discuss the much needed maternity and paediatric unit at Musgrove Park hospital?
It sounds like there is some interesting, dynamic and innovative work going on in the areas that the hon.
Gentleman mentioned.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss it further.
I have just been visited by my former medical student, a young doctor in Yorkshire working in an intensive therapy unit, who told me that 40 of the 50 patients who were admitted with covid died.
Many healthcare workers are suffering from flashbacks and post-traumatic stress disorder.
What measures will the  Government take to look after the mental health of the healthcare workers who so bravely helped us during the covid pandemic?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, which provides an opportunity for us all to reflect on the incredible work of those working in our health service; they are, in many ways, heroes, and we should absolutely acknowledge that fact.
We need to explore the point he has raised—we could meet to discuss it further, or I would be happy to write to him.
In England, more than 200,000 people were waiting for an autism assessment in September 2024.
In my constituency, some adults have waited more than two years for an autism assessment, and one child has been waiting eight years—and is still waiting—to receive support from child and adolescent mental health services.
These delays have a profound impact on people’s lives.
Will the Minister commit to the mental health investment standard and ensure that as the Government reduce waiting times, they do so for both physical and mental health services for young people and adults?
We remain absolutely committed to the mental health investment standard.
We have prioritised the expansion of NHS talking therapies and individual placement and support schemes, and provided £26 million of capital funding to open new mental health centres.
However, we are not complacent on this issue.
My hon.
Friend spoke about autism assessments, which is a red light that is flashing on my dashboard.
I would be happy to discuss that further with her.
Whether his Department plans to improve integration of counsellors and psychotherapists into the mental health workforce.
Counsellors and psychotherapists form an integral part of the NHS mental health workforce, delivering support to people with mental ill health across a range of settings in services for both children and young people and adults.
We will publish a refreshed NHS long-term workforce plan to ensure that the NHS has the right people in the right places with the right skills to deliver the care that patients need.
Is there a plan to maintain service provision where psychotherapists and counsellors operating in the charity sector have been hit by eye-watering cost increases as a consequence of the national insurance increase?
As I have said in answers to previous questions, and as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has said, there is something of a pattern emerging here: Opposition Members say that they welcome the investment the Government have made, but oppose the revenue-raising measures and refuse to set out whether they would increase taxes or cut services.
I still have not heard an answer on that from those Members.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on staff salaries in the care sector.
This Government recognise the crisis in social care that we inherited, which is why over the past six months we have taken steps through the Budget to increase investment in social care, deliver the biggest expansion of the carer’s allowance since the 1970s and invest in the disabled facilities grant.
Of course, as my hon.
Friend alludes to, we cannot deliver great social care without the workers who deliver it.
That is why I am proud that within our first 100 days, the care worker-turned-Deputy Prime Minister included fair pay agreements in her landmark Employment Rights Bill, so we can give our care staff not just the pay they deserve, but the professional status, recognising the hard work they do as care professionals.
That is a crucial step on our path to building a national care service.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP’s National Care Service (Scotland) Bill was a missed opportunity to improve pay and conditions for social care workers, particularly when compared with Labour’s Employment Rights Bill, which creates the fair pay agreement for social care workers?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I am proud that this Government have taken quick action within our first 100 days.
Thanks to the Employment Rights Bill, which is UK-wide legislation, this Labour Government in Westminster are giving the Scottish Government the tools they need to do the job of establishing fair pay for care staff.
If they do not do it, Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie will.
In north-east Lincolnshire, a social enterprise employs 800 staff providing health and social care.
I have been approached by many staff who are unhappy that they have not benefited from the increases that NHS staff have gained.
They have the support of the Royal College of Nursing and are looking for the Government to provide Care Plus Group, which employs them, with the resources to ensure that they are recompensed to the same level.
What is the Secretary of State able to pass on to them?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for that question.
With our fair pay agreements, we will be bringing together government, public and private sector employers and staff trade unions to negotiate the future for fair pay agreements that will benefit care workers across the system and give them the professional status and career progression they deserve.
The Chancellor, through the Budget, also took steps to ensure that we could invest in our social care services.
I am deeply saddened that the Conservative party has not supported that investment.