The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to improve mental health services for children.
The delivery of mental health services for children in Scotland is the responsibility of the Scottish Government.
I hope that they will make the best use of the boost from the recent Budget to invest in mental health services.
In England, we will support children and young people earlier by providing access to a specialist mental health professional in every school and rolling out Young Futures hubs in every community.
We will also cut waiting times by recruiting 8,500 more workers across children and adult mental health services.
The long-term impact of the covid-19 pandemic on young people is often forgotten, with isolation leading to missed opportunities, lost life experiences and still unknown impacts on mental health.
Child and adolescent mental health services referrals in Fife and across Scotland have skyrocketed, and despite a record Budget settlement from the UK Government, the SNP Scottish Government have told NHS Fife not even to bother asking for more funding to tackle this massive problem.
I and colleagues will write to the Scottish Government about that.
Will the Minister join me in urging the Scottish Government to reverse course and ensure that young people have the support that they deserve and need?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point on behalf of young people.
It is disappointing that the Scottish Government do not seem to be allocating the funding as they could.
He raises a powerful case, and I know that he will work hard with the Government in Edinburgh to make the situation better for his constituents.
Is the mental health support in schools that the Minister just mentioned the same as or different from the plan for mental health support teams in schools that was already being rolled out by the previous Government?
Our plan is to have universal coverage in every school.
That was not achieved by the previous Government, and we hope to ensure that it happens.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the increase to employer national insurance contributions on social care.
This Government will never shy away from taking the choices necessary to fix the public finances and rebuild our public services.
It is thanks to those choices that we are able to invest an additional £3.7 billion in 2025-26 in local authorities that provide social care.
We are also delivering the biggest uplift to the carer’s allowance since the 1970s, an £86 million uplift to the disabled facilities grant, and a fair pay agreement for care workers.
The increase in employer national insurance contributions comes at a time when we simply cannot afford to lose any more provision from care providers.
Age UK estimates that 2 million people aged 65 and over already have unmet care and support needs.
What assessment has the Minister made of the potential increase in unmet care needs as a result of the increase to employer national insurance contributions?
There is a pattern here.
The Conservatives welcome the additional investment in health and care but oppose the choices that we have made to raise the revenue.
They need to tell us which services they would cut or which taxes they would raise instead.