Order.
I remind Members to look towards the Chair, because I cannot hear what is being said.
I call the Secretary of State—I hope he heard the question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I would be delighted for my hon.
Friend to meet me or the relevant Minister.
The NHS has a statutory duty to ensure sufficient services in each local area, including general practice, and it is vital that we also take into account population growth and demographic changes.
I strongly support the Deputy Prime Minister’s commitment to delivering 1.5 million new homes, and she and I know that that must be accompanied by local healthcare facilities.
We are working together to achieve just that.
I really welcome this Government’s focus on making sure everyone can see a GP when they need one.
The crisis in GP provision nationally has been exacerbated by the failure under the last Government to ensure that primary care investment has kept pace with housing growth.
With such a low share of integrated care board capital funding allocated to primary care by the last Government, how can we make sure we do much better in ensuring that GP capacity expands at the same time as local growth?
My hon.
Friend has been raising these issues with me since before he was elected to this place on behalf of the communities he represents.
As I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barking (Nesil Caliskan) , we must make sure that additional housing—which is desperately needed—is accompanied by health and care  services.
The Deputy Prime Minister and I are working together to achieve just that, and thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor in the Budget, we are able to invest in the health and care services that this country needs and deserves.
Woodstock surgery in my constituency is not fit for purpose.
In September, heavy rain fell and caused the roof to collapse, causing the surgery to close.
The nurse literally sees patients in a broom cupboard.
The GPs want to increase their capacity to see more patients, but have been unable to access sufficient capital from the integrated care board.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the Woodstock GPs to discuss how the reforms announced yesterday will help them build a new surgery, so that they can see patients faster?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for that question.
I am incredibly sorry about the awful conditions in which staff in that practice are having to see patients and in which the patients it serves are having to be seen—that is the epitome of the broken general practice system that we inherited.
Thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor in the Budget, we are able to invest in the capital estate need in the NHS.
That will take time, and we would be delighted to hear more about that individual case to see how the ICB and the NHS can assist.