The Minister said that he and his team are frustrated, but given the partial application of international law and the Government’s unwillingness to take any significant steps to either compel the imposition of a ceasefire or compliance with international law, rather than being frustrated, is he not ashamed that millions of people in this country and around the world believe that there is an inherent racism at the heart of British foreign policy in this regard that says that Palestinian lives matter much less than any other lives, or indeed than Israeli lives?
And if he and the Minister for Development, who has answered these statements before, are ashamed, why are they hanging on to their red folders?
Why are they not standing down and compelling the Government actually to do something active and physical to save these lives?
There are places where I will take lessons about shame, but it is not from the Conservative Benches, and particularly not on this issue.
If they want to give me a hard time about what is being done in relation to the people in Gaza, they should turn to their own record, whether that is on aid into Gaza, the ICC or the ICJ.
These are sober issues and we deal with them with the sobriety they require, and I would appreciate, particularly from the Conservative Benches, questions of that tone.
In November, the Israel Defence Forces made an official statement that they are getting closer to the complete evacuation of northern Gaza and that Palestinians will not be permitted to return home.
In December, Doctors Without Borders reported on the clear signs of ethnic cleansing in the north of Gaza.
Only last week, the residents of Beit Hanan were ordered to leave the area.
Ethnic cleansing is taking place before our very eyes, and the world remains silent.
Will the Minister confirm that Israel must allow Palestinians to return to northern Gaza and that any settlements there would be illegal?
I can confirm that it is the view of the Government that Palestinians must be able to travel freely between north and south Gaza, that there can be no further illegal settlements, and that we will continue to condemn that in the way we do in the west bank.
There must be no annexation of Gaza.
Do the Government acknowledge that what is happening in northern Gaza is a campaign of ethnic cleansing?
If the Minister does not, what would he call it?
We have been incredibly clear about the position in northern Gaza and about our deep concerns in relation to healthcare provision, aid going into the area, the targeting of healthcare professionals, the detentions, the importance of transparency where people have been taken, ensuring that they have adequate rights to see their lawyers, and that the ICRC can see people.
The situation in northern Gaza is close to our minds.
We have commented extensively throughout the winter period, and we will continue to do so.
Having listened to evidence on Gaza as a member of the International Development Committee, it is clear to me that there have been egregious breaches of international law.
While I do not doubt the integrity and sincerity of  my hon.
Friend, it is clear that the actions taken so far by the Government have either not shifted the dial an inch or make me question how much worse it would be.
Besides rhetorically supporting an international court, what will the Government do to help gather evidence to protect witnesses and ensure that there is justice and accountability?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, although I take issue with it.
This Government have done more than rhetoric, whether it is the £13 million of funding we announced in December; the £112 million of funding for the Occupied Palestinian Territories; the quite different position we have taken on questions of international justice, compared with our predecessors; or the extensive funding we provide to the ICC each year to ensure that it can do its work.
I want to be clear that we do not specify that the funding is in relation to Gaza; we give it so that the ICC can pursue its work without fear or favour globally, and we will continue to do so.
The aggressors in this situation are the terrorists in Hamas.
The ones who took and continue to hold hostages are the terrorists in Hamas.
Does the Minister therefore agree that the only concrete way to end this horror is for those terrorists in Hamas to release the remaining hostages, and that talk of an unconditional ceasefire gives those terrorists no incentive to free those innocent people?
Hamas are terrorists and they should release the hostages immediately.
There are an estimated 50,000 pregnant women in Gaza, with more than 180 births taking place every day.
None of us can imagine the hell of Gaza, let alone being pregnant in it.
Ultimately, we need a ceasefire, but the health system is on its knees.
Will the Minister expand on whether he has specifically raised the issue of women and girls and how our aid is being targeted to support access to sexual and reproductive health services?
We have raised those issues specifically, but I want to be straightforward with the House: we are clear that insufficient aid of all kinds is getting into Gaza.
On almost any question that the House might put to me, there is insufficient aid, insufficient equipment and insufficient provisions for people to be existing in Gaza under those conditions, and we will continue to raise that with force with the Israelis for as long as that situation remains.
Exactly a year ago, Lord Cameron, when talking about the situation in northern Gaza, told the Foreign Affairs Committee that “the conflict is now effectively over there”.
Unfortunately, no one seems to have told Tel Aviv, because babies are still freezing to death and the last hospital has been destroyed.
In that year, while the faces on the Government Benches might have changed, the UK’s complicity in the mass killing of Palestinians remains as it has been.
Given that nothing has changed, does the Minister genuinely believe that in another year from now he will be able to say that continuing to arm the IDF was moral and legal?
If words are to have meaning, clearly our policy is different from that of those on the Opposition Benches, as I think they would accept.
I do not want to see this conflict continuing for another year.
The Palestinians cannot wait.
We are doing everything we can.
We have been calling for an immediate ceasefire since we came into government.
We will continue to take steps to try to advance that call.
I was left numb by the words a doctor wrote on a whiteboard in the Al-Awda hospital in Gaza before he was killed by an Israeli air strike, which said: “Whoever stays until the end will tell the story.
We did what we could.
Please remember us.”
We need to know that we did all we could.
I know the Minister and his Department are pulling every lever available, but please can we have an extra push to get the ceasefire deal over the line?
We need to put an end to this horror.
I remember those words from the whiteboard, and we must and will spare no effort and will strain every sinew to try to do what we can to advance the ceasefire as quickly as possible.
It is already far too late.
I am pleased that the Prime Minister recently met UNRWA’s Commissioner-General Lazzarini and pledged further funding, but in three weeks legislation to ban UNRWA will come into force.
Lazzarini has said that “dismantling UNRWA will collapse the United Nations’ humanitarian response” in Gaza and that the “entire population…fears that their only remaining lifeline will be cut.”
He also commented that: “Since the beginning of the war in Gaza, Israeli officials have described dismantling UNRWA as a war goal.”
Will the Minister set out what consequential steps the UK will take if that comes into effect?