My hon.
Friend is being particularly personal about Sir Jon Cunliffe.
I have to say that I have not met him, but the point is that he will not be making the decisions; they will go to Ministers.
I am aware that time is marching on, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I would like to say briefly that there are six key areas in which the commission is seeking views.
That is the point—it is not just Sir Jon Cunliffe.
I will rattle through those key areas and then sit down.
They are the strategic management of water; the overarching regulatory system; economic regulation; environmental and drinking water regulation; water company ownership models; and asset health and supply chains.
Each of those areas contains a degree of technical challenge.
Any of us, and any of our constituents—I hope we are all asking our constituents to contribute to this process—can put in, but there will be a lot of technical experts in those areas that will also need to provide input.
Sir Jon Cunliffe will then have to put that to Ministers.
Another point is that Ministers do not have to accept what Sir Jon says, but if they want to go into any of it in more detail, my hon.
Friend the Minister would presumably have the power—of course she has the power; she is the Minister—to seek further information.
I am aware that when commissions are set up badly, they can be a problem for Government, but this is a very thorough approach, which is the right approach after all these years of privatisation and the recent extensive challenges, particularly with sewage discharges.
It is easy to think that we can just rush in and sort this out, but we need to do it in a measured way.
I am always impatient—we all get elected to make change tomorrow—but I have looked at failed projects for over a decade.
If we rush in and do not plan right, we spend more money and it often results in failure.
I could list those projects, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I will try your patience no further.
I compliment my good friend  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  on his passion, commitment, knowledge and determination.
If I may say so, I am also grateful that he mentioned the late, great David Graeber in his introduction.
He was a good friend to both of us, an amazing young man and an amazing philosopher sadly taken from us too soon.
I think his family will be really chuffed that the hon.
Member has included him in his speech on something so fundamental as the right to fresh, clean water for us all.
This Bill seeks to protect that right; it recognises that water is an essential and basic need, and therefore something so universal and so essential surely ought to be completely in public hands.
Most countries around the world do not even countenance the idea of privatising water; they say, “It is our public responsibility to ensure that we can provide clean and safe water for everybody.”
When the Government of Margaret Thatcher and others privatised water in the 1980s, many of us strongly opposed it—I think I am the only Member in the Chamber who had the privilege of voting against privatisation at the time.
We predicted that it would lead to a rip-off of the public sector, and to asset stripping of the land and other resources that the water boards had built up.
We also pointed out that the water infrastructure we enjoy—the  reservoirs in Wales, in Scotland and all over England, the piping, the sewage works, and all the other hugely complex elements of infrastructure—was, for the most part, built by public enterprise and public investment.
We all laud the work of Bazalgette in producing a sewage system for London.
That was not done by the private sector; it was done through Victorian investment in a public structure to bring about proper treatment of sewage and provide clean water for the people of London.
We should be proud of the public investment that brought about the water system that we have, and should recognise that since 1989, when water was privatised, £72 billion has been taken out in dividends by the water companies.
That amounts to £2 billion a year not invested in water—not invested in new pipes and in protecting the system we have.
Those profits are extraordinary.
The hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier)  rightly talked about the amount of pollution flowing into our rivers.
I cannot get my head around the fact that 300,000 hours-worth of sewage was pumped into the Thames in the last year alone.
When we add that to the amount being pumped into the Severn, the Trent, the Humber, the Mersey and all the great rivers across this country, we realise the scale of the problem we are dealing with.
We then realise what happens to that—the sewage goes into the sea, and it comes back in fish.
It pollutes water, which does not stop at the river’s mouth; it goes into the oceans, creating further global water pollution.
Surely we can do much better.
I therefore welcome the Bill, and I invite Members to look seriously at clauses 1 and 2.
Clause 1 sets out the measures that will be required in the Secretary of State’s strategy, including measures on prioritising investment, collaborating with local authorities and using natural flood management techniques, and a requirement for local authorities to take into account the need for conservation—all incredibly sensible measures that can only be delivered by public authorities.
Privatised water companies do not have as their top line the conservation of the natural world and the environment.
They have as their top line, their middle line and their bottom line the profits they can take out of it.
And please, nobody tell me that the £72 billion paid out in dividends has been reinvested in the British economy.
It is in tax havens all over the world.
We are subsidising tax havens all over the world on the back of our polluted and privatised water industry.
Clause 2 relates to the commission on water, which is a fascinating proposal.
The commission would include representatives of water companies—which are privatised at the moment but would hopefully be publicly owned—union representatives in the water industry, environmental or conservation groups, water users, which would be local businesses, and local authorities.
I strongly support public ownership of water, but I do not envisage a situation in which the Prime Minister, as a gift to his friends, puts them all on a British water board.
I would like to retain the existing system of managing river basin areas—Thames, Severn Trent and so on.
That makes sense, because that is where the primary water supply comes from.
That would be managed through a commission that includes the workforce, trade unions, all the local authorities in the area, local businesses, because they use water and supply services locally, and   others who can be appointed from elsewhere.
We would have public buy-in to the structure, which would give us a much better and more democratic system.
I urge Members to look with some imagination at what the hon.
Member for Norwich South has put forward.
Some say, “We can’t possibly bring this into public ownership because it might cost money.”
The 1945 Labour Government started by nationalising the Bank of England in 1946 and went on to bring many other industries into public ownership.
Even the Ted Heath Government in 1971 brought Rolls-Royce into public ownership and created Rolls-Royce (1971) Ltd because the company was failing.
The agreed share price was set by Parliament—it was not set by the market in all those cases.
We can do the same in this case.
The right hon.
Gentleman and I stood for election in 2019 on a manifesto of public ownership of the utilities and water companies.
It cost me my job, and the public decided to give Labour the worst electoral thumping in our history.
Will he take some responsibility for that?
Does he reflect on the point that what he is advocating has already been rejected by this country?