Unfortunately, the Water (Special Measures) Act does not live up to what was promised or what is needed, and it certainly does not live up to its name.
However, it is a start, and I praise my colleagues on the Front Bench, including the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , who has done so much work in this area.
Unfortunately, the Act is not a solution.
Remarkably, my Government’s Water (Special Measures) Act does not even define what clean water means.
There are no standards or targets—just vague intentions handed over once again to a regulatory system that has already failed us and to the companies that caused the mess in the first place.
It says nothing about better governance,  and absolutely nothing about the big, fat, humongous elephant in the room: who owns our water?
If we do not deal with ownership, we cannot deal with accountability.
If we cannot deal with accountability, we can forget clean water.
No—we must go further on clean water standards, corporate accountability and what happens when companies fail.
Does my hon.
and gallant Friend accept that there is increased accountability in the Water (Special Measures) Act through the fact that many companies in the industry are now rewriting their articles of association to ensure that they are accountable not just to shareholders, but to the customers and users of water?
After 35 years of abject failure, it is too little, too late.
My Bill would put the final nail in the coffin of this sorry chapter of our country’s water and water system.
Sticking with the puns, I commend my hon.
Friend on his gallons of passion; he is always making waves.
He criticises the Government’s legislation, which is obviously not yet in effect, but does he think that the Cunliffe commission will go any way towards addressing some of the concerns he has outlined?
Unfortunately, I do not, because again the elephant in the room—who owns our water—has been ruled out of the Cunliffe commission’s operational process.
It cannot actually look at that issue.
I have no issue with Sir Jon Cunliffe, but let us not forget that he originates from the Treasury—he probably has Treasury brain.
That economic orthodoxy is part of the reason why we are in the place that we are.
I do not have so much confidence in the Cunliffe commission, but I do have far more confidence in the People’s Commission on the Water Sector, which is being run by academics and which will report at the same time.
I will be very interested to hear what it says.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
Those are the reasons why I have brought forward this Bill.
The Government’s Act does none of those things, but my Bill does.
Take just one example— Order.
I believe Mr Lewis probably cannot hear interventions, because he is so loud himself.
Members should intervene loudly if they wish to intervene.
I did hear the intervention, but I wanted to make some progress.
Take this one example.
Under this Bill, if a water company breaches the terms of its licence with a major sewage discharge, it can forget shareholder payout and piling on more debt.
If it does it twice, it is in the last chance saloon.
After three strikes, it is out—licence terminated and on its bike—and those price-gouging, asset-stripping, river-killing vulture capitalist outfits will be rolled into the sunset without a penny in compensation.
What about those water infrastructure assets that they have been sweating for private gain?
They go back into  the public realm, thank you very much.
If they start whining about debts, do not worry: we will do a full audit of what they invested, what they racked up in debt, what they paid out in dividends and what they stuffed into bloated executive pay packets.
I will tell you this, Madam Deputy Speaker: I am yet to see a single privatised English water company walk away with anything other than a well-earned spanking and a sharp haircut for its creditors.
Those assets will belong to the public once again, and we will not pay a penny more than they are worth.
I can hear people thinking, “Where will the money come from?
How will you invest in publicly owned water without the private sector?”
I will tell them where it has not come from in these past 35 years—I am mind-reading again.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will just make some progress, and then I will give way.
I am on a roll.
Let me tell the House where the money has not come from for these past 35 years.
It has not come from private shareholders or long-term thinking, and it certainly has not come from some mythical well of benevolent capitalism.
The private companies have put in less than nothing; in fact, they have racked up more than £60 billion in debt.
Thames Water has paid more than £7.2 billion in dividends since privatisation, and is now £15.2 billion in debt and counting—work that out.
Now, it is trying to plug the hole with a £3 billion emergency loan that will cost 10% in annual interest.
That is more than half a billion pounds a year, just for interest payments, courtesy of our bills.
That money will not build a reservoir, fix a pipe or clean a river, but it will keep a rotten system afloat for a little longer.
My hon.
and gallant Friend makes an impassioned case for public ownership—something that, in the right context, I am sure Members on all sides of the House can celebrate.
On the point about the cost of financing to the public, though, does he agree that while there are some serious indiscretions in parts of the industry, such as in Thames Water’s case, this conversation about the appropriate financing model would be better entertained at a time when the cost of capital in the private water industry was not lower than the cost of public sector borrowing, on which, of course, we are in a very difficult situation?
The cheapest borrowing in the country, without a doubt, is public sector borrowing.
The private water industry, which has had 35 years to sort this mess out, is not going to find investment.
It is up to its eyeballs in debt.
It is relying on a 50% increase in our bills by 2030, if we include inflation, and that is in the middle of a cost of living crisis.
How can we justify that?
The answer is that we cannot.
The day after the seizure of public assets that my hon.
Friend is describing, billions and billions of pounds of debt will come with it.
What does he propose to do with that debt, other than refinancing, which is exactly where we are at now with the industry  requirement to refinance the debt to try to keep bills down?
Instead, he is advocating that the public purse take on that private debt.
At the beginning of my now seemingly rather long speech, I think I referred to a failure of imagination.
Ask what Margaret Thatcher would have done when she was faced with similar problems.
She would have fought her way through it.
She changed the very fabric of our economy, our democracy and our politics, and she made it work.
We can do the same, because the public are behind us.
They want this to work.
rose— rose— I will make some progress.
Let us recap, because I do not want to go on too long; I want to conclude, if I can.
That money from Thames Water—that half a billion pounds in interest payments—will keep a rotten system afloat for just a little longer.
The myth of privatisation is that the private sector will act in the long-term interests of the British public because it wants to turn a profit.
That is preposterous, as is proven by the state of our water, and exhibit A is Thames Water.
We can now turn to the question of where the investment will come from.
Under public ownership, it will come from the only place it ever should have—from us, the public—and every penny of it will go back into the system.
It will go into the pipes, the rivers, the seas we swim in and the water we drink.
There will be a direct relationship between what we pay and what we get, with no offshore dividends, no bloated bonuses and no debt-laden shell games—just clean, accountable, democratic water.
When I was in Afghanistan, every soldier had one critical duty: to stay hydrated.
To dehydrate was considered a military offence, because it put the soldier and their team at risk.
If someone ran out of water, we did not debate markets or metrics; we shared what we had.
We had each other’s backs.
As the desert-dwelling Fremen in James Herbert’s novel “Dune” believed: “A man’s flesh is his own; the water belongs to the tribe”.
It is time our water returned to the tribe, to the people, to the public.
We can do better; we must, and with this Bill, we will.
I commend it to the House.
rose— Before I call the next Member, I trust that the microphones have been adjusted to their normal level.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for that hospital pass.
I will make a note not to follow  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  again, if I can help it.
I will just try to do a good job, and perhaps not to speak for quite as long.
I am delighted to be here to discuss and support this Bill, and I thank the hon.
Member for bringing it forward.
It will be no surprise to anyone here that I am  absolutely in favour of this Bill to fix the despicable situation of our waterways.
To do that, we need to bring water back into public ownership.
This issue is so important to me and my Green colleagues that we tabled the first early-day motion of this Parliament on the public ownership of water.
We highlighted that sewage was “being discharged into English waterways for more than 3.6 million hours in 2023…that water companies in England have incurred debts of more than £64 billion and paid out £78 billion in dividends”— note the similarity of those numbers— “since they were privatised debt-free in 1989”.
We pointed out that “water companies paid out £1.4 billion in dividends in 2022, even as 11 of them were fined in the same year for missing performance targets”.
Privatisation is just not working.
The experiment has failed.
We are one of the only countries in the world with a fully privatised water system, which shows that it is a bad idea.
Water is a natural monopoly.
For example, people who live in the south-west, as I do, cannot choose to be supplied by Yorkshire Water.
I am not sure that they would want to, but my point is that when their provider gives a poor service and charges extortionate sums, they cannot take their business elsewhere.
There is no fair competition.
You get what you get, and you cannot get upset about it—but we are upset about it, because sewage is being pumped into our water, and we are paying through the nose for the privilege, all while shareholders profit.
On the point about taking business elsewhere, do the Greens have a policy on how to perpetually nationalise an industry?
One of the difficulties is that if we nationalise now, a future Government can do something very different.
What is the Greens’ position on that?
One of the reasons why I support the Bill brought forward by the hon.
Member for Norwich South is that it uses the tool of a citizens’ assembly to ask the public how they think the system should work, and to explore different options, rather than predetermining the exact model.
For clarity, the Green party and I support public ownership of public services, but that does not necessarily mean nationalisation.
Before the water companies were privatised, they were owned regionally, and I think that would be a sensible model this time.
I also think that the citizens’ assembly could look into other forms of public ownership, such as co-operatives.
rose— rose— I will make some progress, rather than having a long back and forth.
We are paying through inflated bills, paying with our health, and now we may be paying with our public money, as the Government have said that they are ready to bail out Thames Water, which was privatised in 1989 with no debt.
Since then, it has racked up £14.7 billion in debt and at the same time—note the similarity of these numbers—paid out £10.4 billion to its shareholders.
If that is not a scam, I do not know what is.
Privatisation  was supposed to keep prices down, but it has done the opposite.
More than one third of people’s bills is used to pay interest on debt, or to pay dividends to shareholders.
The Government are taking some steps to improve the situation.
I absolutely welcome those steps, as far as they go, but these issues are not likely to go away without our considering the option, or looking into the possibility, of bringing water companies back into public hands.
That is why I was disappointed to learn that the Government’s supposedly independent commission on the water sector regulatory system is not being allowed—despite being independent—to consider public ownership as one of the options, though I note with interest the establishment of the people’s commission on the water sector, which will look into this option as part of its broader scope.
This is a subject on which I value the hon.
Lady’s opinion.
My greatest concern about this Bill is the people’s commission, and I wonder if she could assuage my concern.
I fear that setting up an alternative representative body impinges on the rights of this Chamber, which is the prime expression of democracy in the UK, and that the two could be brought into conflict.
It is a big concern for me.
Is there anything that she can say to assuage my concern?
If hon.
Members of this House feel threatened by the setting up of a citizens’ assembly in order to gather views, that may be an indication of the weakness of the democracy that we have in this place.
I really value the contribution that citizens’ assemblies can make.
They have been used in other countries, notably Ireland.
They are not a replacement for the House of Commons, but they can add valuable extra detail.
rose— I think my hon.
Friend is about to chip in with an example.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we have the example of the citizens’ assembly on climate change, which was established jointly by six Select Committees of this House a couple of years ago?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I would also point to the citizens’ assembly set up by Bristol city council.
Citizens’ assemblies are particularly strong at looking in depth at detailed, specific questions, rather than broad topics to do with how the entire country is run.
I see citizens’ assemblies not as replacing the role of the House of Commons, but as supplementing it valuably.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make some progress.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
May I ask for your direction?
This is a debate, and there is no time limit.
Is there any way of pressing a Member to answer a question during a debate, or to at least allow a debate to occur?
I had a follow-up question that the hon.
Member seems reluctant to allow.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that it is entirely up to the Member who is speaking to decide whether they wish to take or reject an intervention, just as it is up to Members attempting to make an intervention to either persist in the attempt or not.
We will let the debate continue, but the hon.
Gentleman is right to say that there is plenty of time.
The provision of water— Will the hon.
Lady give way?
One last time, though the hon.
Member is pushing it.
I am very grateful.
The reason why I persist is that the issue of a citizens’ assembly has come up.
My previous question was: how could a Government—any Government—bind the actions of a future democratically elected Government?
A citizens’ assembly does not have the power to do that.
I am intrigued; how can the Greens believe that a citizens’ assembly could bind a future Government, of any political persuasion, to not re-privatising our water industry?
Of course a current Government cannot bind a future Government on a decision like that indefinitely, and I was not suggesting that they could, but as I pointed out, as England is one of very few countries on the entire planet with a fully privatised water system, I suspect and hope that if we returned to a public system, it would be more likely to stay public, as both elected representatives and the public would see that the system performed better when the profit motive was removed.
People talk about whether something can be taken out of public control and put back into privatisation.
Of course, Parliament is sovereign and that can always happen, but there is a point about giving control to the public.
Let us take the NHS, which is a public service.
Any Government in the post-war period could have taken the NHS back into privatisation.
Why did they not do so?
They would not have dared, because it would have been so publicly damaging and politically destructive.
That is what would happen with our water.
Does the hon.
Member agree?
[Interruption.]
Order.
May I remind people in the Public Gallery to remain silent?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that helpful reminder about the analogy with the national health service.
Public ownership is not just essential for social and environmental justice; it is also, in this situation, a pragmatic necessity.
It just makes sense, which is why almost everyone else does things that way.
With water back in public hands, the Government could invest in fixing the crumbling infrastructure and cleaning up our rivers, or preventing them from getting into such a state in the first place, without haemorrhaging money to shareholders and allowing it to spill over—sorry; I couldn’t resist—into fat cats’ salaries.
People are struggling to put food on the table and heat their homes.
We cannot allow water companies to contribute to that situation by hiking up the bills that everyone has to pay.
Without real change, we will not stop sewage flowing into our rivers and profits flowing into the pockets of shareholders.
There is an obvious answer that makes both people and the environment the winners: if they so choose, the Government could bring water companies back into public hands, to end the profiteering, drive down bills, protect our rivers, waterways and coastline, and catch up with the public who, as the hon.
Member for Norwich South pointed out, are way ahead of the Labour Government on this issue and much else.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  on introducing the Bill.
Whatever my position on its detail and on the history of what has happened with our water industry, we would all agree on how important it is to have a proper debate about water.
Unlike many of the Members present today, I have the privilege of having served in the previous Parliament, during which water and sewage discharge were constant topics of conversation.
It is absolutely right that we talk about that and that we act.
I am now proud to be in the party of a Government who have begun to act on the big challenges facing us when it comes to water.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend, too, on the enormous passion that he brings to all the issues that he cares about.
Nobody could say that he does not believe passionately in what he is talking about today.
He is right to shine a light on the failures of the water industry—the profits that people are making while organisations such as Surfers Against Sewage have to deal with the very real issue of paddling through sewage.
I am trying to be polite.
We have to go right back in time to see why the system was set up.
The water companies were privatised to avoid taxpayer investment and to get the private sector to pay.
That of course meant the need for dividends, and we have seen how that has worked.
My hon.
Friend talked about the last chance saloon—“Two strikes and you’re out”—for the water companies.
His Bill suggests that on the second occasion, the state would take the company’s assets and run it, but the taxpayer would still pick up an enormous bill for that.
It is important to reflect on the context that we find ourselves in today, whether we are talking about investment in water, our railways, the 700,000 pupils in schools not fit for purpose, or in our crumbling hospitals—including the 40 built with reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, which I visited during the last Parliament.
Those will be unfit for purpose within the next five years and need money to be invested in them.
We need to invest money in our roads.
It is great that the Government are putting money into potholes—that is a start.
However, we know that we need more than that.
I cycle, and potholes cause me enormous grief.
I am constantly breaking a spoke.
A spoke is only about £1.50, but getting a wheel trued—I am not expert enough to do that myself—costs a lot of money.
These  are issues that are actually hitting the pockets of our constituents.
It is not about me; many people have these problems.
I have had the opportunity to spend a lot of time in Northamptonshire, and I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wellingborough and Rushden (Gen Kitchen) , who has fought a tough campaign against potholes in her constituency, underlining how poorly the council has managed its roads.
She has done excellent work to highlight the problems and to challenge and look at the council’s contracts, and that has led to the Government’s announcement in just the last week about investing in potholes—they have taken her blueprint from Wellingborough and are applying it to the country.
However, all this costs money.
We have roads, railways, the water industry, schools and hospitals all in dire need.
We need that money to go into the NHS to reduce waiting lists, which have reduced for five months in a row.
We are seeing those waiting lists go down.
Constituents of mine were in desperate straits—anyone who had a bit of money was paying privately to have their hip replaced.
The constituents I visited who did not have that kind of money were on a long, slow waiting list while their health deteriorated, unable to work or go about their lives.
We have to see this issue in the context of all the money that needs to be spent.
A year ago, I produced a list of what I call the big nasties.
I have highlighted some of them.
The list also includes the fact that we have not yet in this country decommissioned a single nuclear submarine, which is not just a monetary cost.
It needs to be done, but we are finding it hard to bring submarines into port to repair them.
It has been left for decades, and has now fallen to this Government to resolve.
I gather that the first one is now being decommissioned—thanks, again, to a Labour Government being in power.
We have real problems at the animal health centre in Weybridge, where we do not have space to deal with two zoonotic diseases at the same time.
To deal with these difficult diseases, the centre has special facilities so that no contaminants can escape.
If we were hit by two zoonotic diseases in this country, we would be in a catastrophic situation.
This situation was left by the previous Government, who did not deal with it for 14 years.
Then we have Porton Down.
In 2017, it was going to be moved and rebuilt.
Again, the facility deals with some of the most difficult scientific issues; there could be catastrophic effects if it was not there to deal with them.
What has happened?
There has been no movement at all.
Again, it has fallen to this Government to spend something.
Around £700 million had been spent, but nothing had been achieved.
This Government have picked up the pieces.