It seems there are an awful lot of mind readers in the Chamber today, because the hon.
Gentleman anticipates my comments.
I am proud to be a Labour and Co-operative Member, so I have thoughts on how, one day, we may be able to move to that nirvana of co-ownership.
We have seen too often that dividends and bonuses are paid without investment in infrastructure, which is where my hon.
Friend and I would agree.
We have a privatisation model that was supposed to deliver investment on the back of people investing in shares.
In return for getting a dividend, there would also be an investment, but we have not seen enough of that.
Of course, under Ofwat rules, water customers bear a share of the cost.
In Hackney, under Thames Water, which has been a poster company for the problems in this sector, bills are going up by more than a third.
A number of constituents who are very worried about their water bills have written to me just in the last fortnight.
When we talk about money in this place, we sometimes talk about millions or billions of pounds, but £100 a month is a great deal of money for many of my constituents.
To set that in context, I have a number of fantastic street markets in my constituency—ones where people can buy fruit and veg, and clothes and underwear at a reasonable price—and I also have the lovely Broadway market, where sourdough bread costs about £5 a loaf.
I have constituents who do not have £5 left at the end of the week, let alone at the end of the month—those are the margins that people are working with.
Water bills are therefore a significant issue, which is another reason why I am delighted to be here today, supported by colleagues of all parties who want to talk about the challenges of water.
On the face of it, the argument for nationalisation sounds appealing to many, but there is a cost—and it is not a hidden cost: to those who bought shares in good faith, to those pension funds that are investing, and in the upheaval of turning around these companies.
Where would we get the people to run a nationalised water company?
It is likely to be the same executives, if they would take the pay cut.
There is not a wealth of expertise.
I spent a decade examining the work of Whitehall, and there are some excellent civil servants in this country who have done amazing work—many of the civil servants who did not do such amazing work appeared before the Public Accounts Committee—but finding somebody overnight with the technical and management expertise to run a major water company is a challenge.
To take the corollary, I am passionate about seeing insourced services in our hospitals, but after having intense conversations with executives at my local hospital, I know that, when the public sector has not done something for many years, it takes a very long time to build up the expertise.
Let us take catering.
If hospitals do not cater well, they could kill patients, so they need to make sure they have the management structure in place to deliver those skills.
It is the same with water companies—it is not as easy as saying, “One day it’s private, and the next day it’s national.
No problem at all.”
The upheaval would be immense, so we need a measured plan, and I think this Government have begun to develop that plan, for all the reasons I will outline.
I will talk a little about what the Government will do to improve the situation, and then I will talk about the Bill, but I want first to touch on the comments of  the hon.
Member for Bristol Central (Carla Denyer) .
I am very interested in her passionate commitment to citizens’ juries.
She has been elected, which is a privilege as we all know, to represent her constituents in this place, yet months after her election, she wants to pass responsibility for this big, difficult decision to a citizens’ jury, rather than taking responsibility for that decision as an elected MP.
I think it is important to correct the misapprehension among some Government Members, which may arise from an inadvertent misreading of the Bill.
Clause 4, on the citizens’ assembly on water ownership, at subsection (4), simply says: “The Commission must publish the recommendations of the Citizens’ Assembly.”
It does not say, “This House will hereby delegate responsibility for making decisions about water sector ownership to the Citizens’ Assembly.”
It simply suggests setting up a structure, which, as I said, has already been used by the House to provide the opportunity for the general public to consider in depth an issue of complexity.
My point is clear.
Just as, many years ago, a certain Mr Ratner famously talked about the price of a prawn sandwich in Marks & Spencer and the price of earrings in his store, people do not want to be on the board of Marks & Spencer to get a decent prawn sandwich; they just want to be able to buy a decent prawn sandwich, and while my political foundations are in devolution, neighbourhood structures, working and listening to people, ultimately we must responsibility ourselves.
I am looking at clause 4, as the hon.
Lady highlighted.
I have been around for many years, but one of the challenges about citizens’ juries is that while we can have this engagement, they are lengthy and costly, and we know that not everybody attends the whole time.
How would we select people?
There are many challenges in setting them up.
rose— Order.
I remind the hon.
Member that interventions should be short.
I remind the House briefly that all these issues are well investigated and understood, and the House has previously used this mechanism effectively.
Well, in my experience of 20 years in the House, this system has been used once, and that was in 2019, by a selection of Select Committees, not by the Government of the day.
I am aware that the first debates about citizens’ juries were 30 or so years ago, and there are many challenges to delivering them.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the concerns with citizens’ assemblies is about gaining the confidence of the public?
When some people see opinion polls, they say, “Well, I wasn’t interviewed, so I have no confidence in it.”
Secondly, there would be no power to compel someone to be on a citizens’ assembly, so how could people have confidence in a body that contains only those who were willing to take part?
Absolutely.
I think we would all agree that we talk all the time to constituents, whether on doorsteps or at public meetings and other forums, because that is our job.
I say to constituents every week when I am on their doorsteps, “I am here because I need your expertise.
I can’t do my job without you.”
But it is a cumbersome task to be on a citizens’ assembly as it requires people to devote a great deal of time, and only a certain subset of society has the time to do that.
Many of my constituents are working three or four jobs and struggling to survive.
They do not have the time to do that, but their voices need to be heard, too.
I declare experience in this area in that, through Herefordshire council, I set up a citizens’ assembly.
A process called sortition is used to ensure a fully representative sample.
Participants are paid for their time so that people of all socioeconomic backgrounds can participate, and additional efforts are made to ensure that under-represented groups can participate.
Will the hon.
Lady acknowledge that such an institution might be more representative of the general public than this House, in which two thirds of MPs were elected by only a third of the electorate?
I will be careful not to try your patience, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We could have an endless debate about the difference between selecting people through the sortition process—I am well aware of how that works—and how our electoral system works, but, in the end, we face our electorate, and they can reject us.
Many colleagues have been sacked on television at 4 o’clock in the morning because the electorate rejected them or their party.
There is no same power over a citizen’s assembly.
Let us be clear.
Perhaps I should talk in a bit more detail about clause 4 of the Bill as proposed.
Subsection (1) says: “Within four months of being established under subsection (3), the Commission on Water must establish a Citizens’ Assembly on Water Ownership…to…consider different models of water ownership, and…make recommendations for reforms to water ownership and governance.”
It is deeply patronising to suggest to my constituents that they would be guaranteed the same job after serving on a citizens’ assembly.
We cannot force or compel McDonald’s to retain people on zero-hours contracts, which, thankfully, the Government will scrap.
But is it not typical of the Green party to shirk responsibility to a citizens’ assembly?
On housing, wind farms and onshore energy, we see the Green party shirking responsibilities in Bristol, Brighton and the east of England, and this similar situation is a classic example.
I certainly recognise the point about job security.
Many of my constituents work three or four jobs and are struggling to survive.
I would like to inform the House that the Employment Rights Bill outlaws exploitative zero-hours contracts, and that is something that Members—especially Government Members—should talk about constantly.
Absolutely, and that is a yet another example of why it is good to have a Labour Government.