I do not resile from what was in that manifesto, because it was put there by people who worked in the industry.
The GMB and other unions took part in the consultation that brought about that policy on water.
I urge the hon.
Member to consider the Bill put forward by my friend the hon.
Member for Norwich South, and to recognise that it is an opportunity to do something different.
There has been a lot of to-ing and fro-ing about having a commission, or a citizens’ assembly.
Why is everybody so scared of a citizens’ assembly?
What is the big problem with it?
Is it something in Members’ heads?
What is going on?
Why would anyone be so worried about it?
Citizens get together and put forward a proposal.
We do not have to agree it or accept it, and it does not take away the powers of Parliament.
It gives an opportunity for randomly selected ordinary citizens to put forward a point of view.
That was done a lot in Scotland when we were talking about devolution.
It has been done in other places; in Chile, it was done to develop a new constitution, some of which was ultimately rejected in a referendum.
Do these assemblies take away from or diminish the principles discussed?
No.
I believe they do the very opposite.
I have not yet heard a response from anyone in this House to my legitimate concern about regional variation if there is no ability to compel.
The right hon.
Gentleman is a Member for Islington in London, where a lot of meetings like this one are held.
I am a Member for Gateshead, 250 miles away.
Attending an assembly would require a lot of travel.
How does he suggest we deal with the lack of compulsion, and the regional variation in involvement in citizens’ assemblies?
Since the hon.
Member used to live in Islington, he is well aware of how great the connectivity to the area is.
Obviously, we live in a country where the capital, London, is in the south-east.
That is maybe not an ideal geographical location, but I do not think it is going to change any time soon.
If we have a national commission, it has to meet somewhere—it does not have to be in London.
Do we have to pay the cost of getting people to the meetings?
Yes, of course, obviously we do.
I envisage a more localised form of consultation in regional water areas, such as Severn Trent, Humber and so on.
I think that would meet the concerns that the hon.
Gentleman legitimately raises about the overly centric nature of our political structures in this country.
Is there not an inherent contradiction here?
I am not against the principle of citizens’ assemblies; my concern is the idea that they need to be formed by Parliament.
Secondly, does the right hon.
Gentleman not see an inconsistency between a party that has a mandate for delivering nationalisation, and handing these matters over to a citizens’ assembly for deliberation?
Does he not see that there is an inherent contradiction between the two?
I do not think there is a contradiction at all.
I think it is mature, grown-up politics to say, “We have the objective of public ownership.
We want you to consider what the best form and structure of it would be.”
It could be that people do not agree with it at all; we would then have to discuss and debate the matter with them.
Obviously, ultimately Parliament has to make the decision.
I know everyone in the House is brilliant; the intellect is superb, and the knowledge amazing, and they are infallible in all their judgments, but is it just possible that there are some people who are not Members of Parliament who also have enormous knowledge, experience and ability?
Perhaps we should listen to them, too.
rose— I will give way for the last time.
How long, roughly, does the right hon.
Gentleman think it would take to ensure that the citizens were skilled up enough to contribute effectively to the full consultation that he is talking about?
As he was so precious about the intervention from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury North (Mr Frith) , I will do him a favour by pointing out that the Bill requires the commission to report within four months.
Some people would not require any training or skills development at all; others might, and of course a short period would be needed for that.
This  is more a question for the promoter of the Bill.
If the hon.
Member for Norwich South wishes to intervene, I would be happy to give way on this point.
May I make a more general point?
If the Bill went into Committee, we would look at this in far more detail, but a big part of the Bill is about a mission and our direction of travel.
It is about tackling the crisis in democracy, and trusting our fellow citizens to give a point of view, with guidance from experts, so that we can make a decision.
When the founders of the renaissance or capitalism sat down, did they know that the renaissance would happen, or that capitalism would end up like this?
No.
This is about heading in a certain direction and having some imagination— Order.
Interventions should be short.