I compliment my good friend  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  on his passion, commitment, knowledge and determination.
If I may say so, I am also grateful that he mentioned the late, great David Graeber in his introduction.
He was a good friend to both of us, an amazing young man and an amazing philosopher sadly taken from us too soon.
I think his family will be really chuffed that the hon.
Member has included him in his speech on something so fundamental as the right to fresh, clean water for us all.
This Bill seeks to protect that right; it recognises that water is an essential and basic need, and therefore something so universal and so essential surely ought to be completely in public hands.
Most countries around the world do not even countenance the idea of privatising water; they say, “It is our public responsibility to ensure that we can provide clean and safe water for everybody.”
When the Government of Margaret Thatcher and others privatised water in the 1980s, many of us strongly opposed it—I think I am the only Member in the Chamber who had the privilege of voting against privatisation at the time.
We predicted that it would lead to a rip-off of the public sector, and to asset stripping of the land and other resources that the water boards had built up.
We also pointed out that the water infrastructure we enjoy—the  reservoirs in Wales, in Scotland and all over England, the piping, the sewage works, and all the other hugely complex elements of infrastructure—was, for the most part, built by public enterprise and public investment.
We all laud the work of Bialetti in producing a sewage system for London.
That was not done by the private sector; it was done through Victorian investment in a public structure to bring about proper treatment of sewage and provide clean water for the people of London.
We should be proud of the public investment that brought about the water system that we have, and should recognise that since 1989, when water was privatised, £72 billion has been taken out in dividends by the water companies.
That amounts to £2 billion a year not invested in water—not invested in new pipes and in protecting the system we have.
Those profits are extraordinary.
The hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier)  rightly talked about the amount of pollution flowing into our rivers.
I cannot get my head around the fact that 300,000 hours-worth of sewage was pumped into the Thames in the last year alone.
When we add that to the amount being pumped into the Severn, the Trent, the Humber, the Mersey and all the great rivers across this country, we realise the scale of the problem we are dealing with.
We then realise what happens to that—the sewage goes into the sea, and it comes back in fish.
It pollutes water, which does not stop at the river’s mouth; it goes into the oceans, creating further global water pollution.
Surely we can do much better.
I therefore welcome the Bill, and I invite Members to look seriously at clauses 1 and 2.
Clause 1 sets out the measures that will be required in the Secretary of State’s strategy, including measures on prioritising investment, collaborating with local authorities and using natural flood management techniques, and a requirement for local authorities to take into account the need for conservation—all incredibly sensible measures that can only be delivered by public authorities.
Privatised water companies do not have as their top line the conservation of the natural world and the environment.
They have as their top line, their middle line and their bottom line the profits they can take out of it.
And please, nobody tell me that the £72 billion paid out in dividends has been reinvested in the British economy.
It is in tax havens all over the world.
We are subsidising tax havens all over the world on the back of our polluted and privatised water industry.
Clause 2 relates to the commission on water, which is a fascinating proposal.
The commission would include representatives of water companies—which are privatised at the moment but would hopefully be publicly owned—union representatives in the water industry, environmental or conservation groups, water users, which would be local businesses, and local authorities.
I strongly support public ownership of water, but I do not envisage a situation in which the Prime Minister, as a gift to his friends, puts them all on a British water board.
I would like to retain the existing system of managing river basin areas—Thames, Severn Trent and so on.
That makes sense, because that is where the primary water supply comes from.
That would be managed through a commission that includes the workforce, trade unions, all the local authorities in the area, local businesses, because they use water and supply services locally, and   others who can be appointed from elsewhere.
We would have public buy-in to the structure, which would give us a much better and more democratic system.
I urge Members to look with some imagination at what the hon.
Member for Norwich South has put forward.
Some say, “We can’t possibly bring this into public ownership because it might cost money.”
The 1945 Labour Government started by nationalising the Bank of England in 1946 and went on to bring many other industries into public ownership.
Even the Ted Heath Government in 1971 brought Rolls-Royce into public ownership and created Rolls-Royce (1971) Ltd because the company was failing.
The agreed share price was set by Parliament—it was not set by the market in all those cases.
We can do the same in this case.
Resolved, That an Humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of the Report from the Right Honourable Sir Alan Moses, Chairman of the Spoliation Advisory Panel, dated  28 March 2025 , in respect of the painting “Aeneas and his Family Fleeing Burning Troy” by Henry Gibbs now in the possession of the Tate Gallery.—(Gen Kitchen.)
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 )
The House divided: Ayes 0, Noes 44.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Around 50 years ago, Margaret Thatcher’s revolution tore up the rulebook on political and economic management.
She rewrote it with a single unwavering principle: that the pursuit of profit would serve the public good, even when it came to vital public services—even when it came to water.
We often say that society stands on the shoulders of giants, but giants cast long shadows, and Thatcherism’s shadow looms dark over our water system today.
Whether we see ourselves standing on her shoulders or trapped in her shadow, one thing is undeniable: she proved that the world can be made differently.
And if it can be made differently once, it can be made differently again.
That, as the brilliant anthropologist David Graeber understood, is the hidden truth of the world.
It is something we create and can choose to create anew.
We can do it better.
Today, I want to show this House and this country that water is the lens through which we can imagine something better—a better way of running our economy, a better way of safeguarding our environment and a better way of empowering the public, for whom democracy supposedly exists.
But that requires something very difficult: it requires us to break free from the constraints of our imagination and to let go of the idea that this economic model is all there is or all there ever could be.
It saddens me to say that the Government’s Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 perfectly exemplifies this failure of imagination.
One of its leading proponents has a particular rhetorical flourish they love to use when dismissing calls for public ownership of water.
They say, “I’m more interested in the purity of our water than the purity of our ideology.”
I love that quote.
I love it because it lays bare just how deeply the ideology of privatisation, and all that goes with it, has embedded itself.
So entrenched is it within our collective consciousness that we no longer recognise it as an ideology.
We no longer see it for what it is: a systemic exploitation of a common resource for private gain.
Instead, it has simply become the natural order of things.
But how much longer can this go on?
Since the crash of 2008, this ideology has been faltering under the weight of its own contradictions, yet its grip on British politics remains vice-like.
Austerity, exploitation and corporate price gouging are still treated not as choices but as inevitabilities.
Why?
Because too many politicians on both sides of the House refuse to contemplate alternatives.
For those on the other side of the House—on the Opposition Benches—I get it: this is their ideology.
They are defending their class, and I would imagine they would go further still if they could.
But on this side of the House, we have no excuse.
We should be standing up for our class: working-class people—the public.
Instead, we wrap their ideology in the language of fiscal responsibility, economic prudence and stewardship of the economy.
But it is not fiscal responsibility when we   balance the books on broken backs.
It is not stewardship when the ship has been sold off and the crew left to drown.
It is not prudence.
It is power maintenance.
I hope the engineers can check that the microphones and speakers are working while I ask a quick question.
My hon.
Friend mentions Members on this side of the House.
There are far more of us on this side since July last year than there were in 2019, with a very different approach taken in our manifestos.
Does he fear that the shift in tone he is suggesting is one of the reasons that we did so badly in 2019 but so well last year?
No, I do not.
We have a distorted electoral system.
Bring on proportional representation, because if we had PR, we would have had a different Government in 2019 and most definitely in 2017.
Sometimes politicians have to do what they believe to be right and lead from the front.
I think we should lead from the front.
I compliment the hon.
Member on his Bill.
To help his argument, there was overwhelming opinion poll support for public ownership of water in 2017 and 2019, and there still is today.