That is one of the challenges: we can set up this lengthy and expensive process and then it does not necessarily hold any sway.
I was going through the provisions in clause 4, and as we get into the details of the citizens’ assembly, I sense that there is an appetite to discuss that.
Perhaps I can continue my remarks before I take any further interventions, or we will be here all day—but I suppose that that is what today is for.
The commission would support the work of the citizens’ assembly.
Clause 4(2) states that “the Commission on Water must undertake a public consultation on water ownership in which all individuals who use water and sewerage services in England and Wales can participate.”
Hallelujah to that—to a strong, well-founded public consultation!
We can all go out to our constituencies and do roundtables, knock on doors and ask people what they have to say about water.
However, I think that most of us have had quite a strong indication about that from our constituents, in our mailboxes and from our time on doorsteps—I have not got into all the issues in the waterways in Hackney, which are utterly appalling in relation to sewage discharge.
We need to make sure that we have that public consultation.
If the hon.
Member is so aware of the overwhelming public support for public ownership of water, as she just indicated from the level of concern in her constituency, I am confused about why she is so dogged in her pursuit of continued privatisation.
I urge the hon.
Lady to listen to what I say.
I did not say that I had people saying overwhelmingly that they wanted public ownership—certainly not.
They are saying that there is a problem, and saying, “You lot are in government.
You need to sort it out.”
Over the last 20 years that I have been in this place, and particularly in the last Parliament, there has been endless discussion about how to resolve this situation, and stasis in the Government.
We now have a Government who have acted to begin to tackle some of these huge challenges.
I give real credit to the Minister, who has engaged massively with Members across the House on this.
She is absolutely aware of the issues, partly because many of us across the House have lobbied her, because our constituents have lobbied us.
I do not think there is doubt about the problem; the issue is about the solution.
We should absolutely have a big public consultation, but that is to inform the work of the citizens’ assembly.
Clause 4(3) states that the citizens’ assembly must “be composed of a randomly selected representative sample of users of water and sewerage services in England and Wales, and…consider any matters which the Commission refers to it in relation to water ownership.”
I want to be clear that that will be a randomly selected representative sample of users, and the Bill is silent on the model.
I appreciate what  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  highlighted—that there is a science to doing this—but the Bill is silent on how it would be done.
To return to the construction of citizens’ assemblies, I take on board the point about the concept that is being used locally, but when one has to travel 10 minutes to a meeting on an evening after work, it is a very different order of magnitude— Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Members cannot intervene on an intervention.
Are you nearing your point?
I am on the cusp of it.
There are cost implications of asking members of the public to travel to another part of the country, and these things are  inevitably in London.
As somebody whose constituency is 250 miles from London, I would be concerned about members of my community being left out of such a consultation.
Order.
Before the hon.
Lady responds to that intervention, I know it is Friday
but you do not intervene on an intervention, and interventions are short.
They are not speeches.
I think my hon.
Friend makes some important points.
We have seen from citizens’ juries, including in Ireland, which has a well-worn route for using these for their referenda, that people do drop out and do not always attend, because life gets in the way.
That is why we are elected: to make hard decisions and defend difficult issues.
We cannot make the world like the land of milk and honey—certainly not after the inheritance we received from the last Government after 14 years of mismanagement.
We have very big challenges and we need to tackle them.
It would put heavy pressure on citizens’ juries to do that.
The key point here is that, whatever the best practice, the Bill does not go into the detail of it, so we cannot assume that the good practice that the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire has highlighted from her constituency is necessarily what would apply—let alone the challenges that other hon.
Members have raised.
Turning to the hon.
Member for Bristol Central, I would be surprised that a member of her party is so willing to pass responsibility over, but then I look at what happened in Brighton when the Greens controlled Brighton council.
I will put aside the rubbish collection issue and the infighting and look at the issue with the i360—the tower that is now a tourist attraction.
The company behind it went bust with over £50 million of debt.
It was the Green-run council that provided £36 million of public money to pay for that vanity project, and in the end taxpayers in Brighton and Hove were left £51 million out of pocket and Brighton and Hove council were left to pay £2 million a year for the foreseeable future.
I do not think we need to take any lectures from the Green party about how to manage public money, because when they have been in power, they cannot do it.
No wonder they want to pass responsibility over to a citizens’ jury rather than take responsibility themselves.
I have been diverted, but I think it was useful.
Before I move on to my next point, I will take one more diversion.
It is not just the Green party in this country that causes such significant challenges.
The demands of the Green party in Germany on the then-Government to stop using nuclear energy directly contributed to the reliance on Putin, and Germany is struggling as a result today.
The Greens should not be trusted with any economy anywhere.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I do not want to try your patience, so I will move on from the Green party, because the subject of the debate is the Water Bill that my hon.
Friend the Member for Norwich South has put forward.
I want to talk about the challenges that we are seeing in water.
Nobody would argue that there is not a problem we are having to deal with.
I take the example of my wonderful constituency of Hackney South and Shoreditch and the amazing resource that is the River Lea.
It runs through my constituency, starting further up beyond London.
We do not have the figures for 2024 yet, but in 2023 there were 1,060 instances of sewage discharge into the River Lea.
That amounted to 11,502 hours of sewage discharge from storm overflows.
If that is not bad enough, it is almost double the figure from 2022, when sewage was discharged into the River Lea for 5,891 hours.
It has been getting worse.
We have been raising this issue in the House, and in the last Parliament not enough happened to tackle it.
Now, thank goodness, we have a Labour Government who are beginning to act and make sure that water companies are taken into account.
The water quality of the Lea has had a damning assessment: an overall classification of bad, failing on chemical standards and bad ecological health.
It is a tragedy that we worked so hard to get our waterways cleaned up during the run-up to the 2012 Olympics, which was a major boost to east London, but we now have bad ecological health.
On a hot, sunny day on Hackney Marshes—sadly no longer in my constituency after the boundary changes —people can be seen swimming in the river, and that is not a place they should be swimming.
It is one of the most polluted rivers in the country, but it should be a blue lung for east Londoners.
We need to get this problem tackled.
The hon.
Member is making an important point about river pollution, and she is absolutely right.
Would she agree that there is also a planning issue?
There are too many paved spaces, and not enough run-off is available to go into the ground water.
We need a holistic approach that includes much more assertive planning policies on drainage.
Otherwise, we end up with sewage in our rivers during periods of heavy rainfall.