It is working for us.
Well, there you go.
Thank you very much indeed.
I will finish with a couple of points.
This country now suffers serious flooding almost every year.
We have all experienced the pain that our constituents and others face as a result.
Part, but not all, of that is brought about by unusual weather patterns and excessive rainfall.
We also need to think seriously about natural river management and natural flood prevention; that is specified in the Bill, and is important.
The city of York, for example, is at a confluence of rivers.
It has always been in danger of flooding, because it has these rivers flowing into it.
There could be a combination of solutions.
One is, yes, flood defence walls, concrete barriers and so on to protect central York from flooding.
However, there is also the management of what happens upstream.
If we deforest further upstream, build on floodplains and prevent the river following its natural course, we end up with flooding.
There are lots of small-scale natural defences one can have against flooding, such as not building on floodplains, having rivers meandering rather than flowing in straight lines, and letting beavers build their dams on streams and so on.
There are a whole lot of solutions, all of which add up to something valuable and good.
That will not be thought about by water companies; it is done with imagination.
Farmers in Shropshire are promoting exactly that kind of solution.
Likewise, what happened with the River Parrett, which had excessive flooding, has partly been resolved—but not completely—by the Environment Agency recreating peat bogs up in the hills.
There are a lot of things that we can do, but they require imagination.
A water company, whose sole interest is in making money out of the water industry, will not be interested in that.
That is why the public must have a voice in this process, and that is what the Bill ensures.
The levels of pollution are truly shocking—the sewage that flows in and the danger to all of us.
The water we drink is not pure and it is not clean, because there is a limit to how much scrubbing of water can be done to make it clean.
We end up drinking all kinds of foul things in our water, not to mention the microplastics that exist because of the excessive use of plastic water bottles as people do not trust the water supply.
It breaks my heart.
Every day I walk up Seven Sisters Road and outside every shop is a great stack of plastic bottles of water, because people do not trust the water.
Would it not be nice if we totally trusted our water and did not feel the need endlessly to buy plastic bottles of water to keep us going through the day?
Last Saturday, I took part in a local people’s forum in my constituency.
We invited people to come to discuss water and the water supply.
The hall was completely full and the forum was also followed online by a number of other people.
We had two excellent speakers: Johnbosco Nwogbo from We Own It, and Laura Reineke from Friends of the Thames.
They both spoke with passion, knowledge and interest.
We then threw open the discussion for questions and asked each table to come up with their ideas.
The commonality was: clean water; ownership and control; the cost of water; and anger and irritation at Thames Water’s lack of investment in the pipe network, including the lack of re-sleeving of the Victorian mains in so many places.
We have had major floods on Isledon Road, Stroud Green Road, Holloway Road and Seven Sisters Road in the recent past, not to mention one in the constituency of Hackney North and Stoke Newington—not the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) , who has been speaking today—which flooded into our area.
The Sobell leisure centre, near where I live, was flooded out.
It is now two and a half years later and the restitution works for the damage done are just being completed.
That is the irresponsibility of Thames Water not investing in the network, wasting money in the short term by digging up short sections of road, replacing the pipe, filling it in again and coming back the next month to dig up another bit of road 100 metres away to do exactly the same thing.
We need a much more coherent and comprehensive approach.