He then

served briefly on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs

Subcommittee working the VA portfolio before transitioning to the

Defense Subcommittee in 2018.
On the Defense Subcommittee, while in the House Minority, Kiya

managed the Army, Defense Wide, and Defense Health accounts.
When the

Republicans assumed the House Majority, Kiya oversaw the Military

Personnel account and the international security cooperation accounts.
Kiya considers his greatest Committee accomplishment to be securing

the funding for a 14.5 percent pay raise for junior enlisted personnel

starting in 2025, the largest increase in over 40 years.
Kiya's contributions to America's warfighters will endure long after

he will continue to do great work to advance our national defense.
On

behalf of a grateful Nation, I join my colleagues today in recognizing

and commending Kiya for his service to our country.
We wish him all the

best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ

Ms. OCASIO-CORTEZ.
Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 25, 2025, I missed

votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted: YEA on Roll Call No.
179; NAY on Roll Call No.
180; YEA on Roll Call No.
181; and NAY on

Roll Call No.
182.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALLY CASTANEDA

HON.
JUAN VARGAS

Mr. VARGAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an extraordinary

public servant, Ally Castaneda, who is departing my office and

Washington, D.C. for a new role.
Ally has been an outstanding member of my team since 2022.
She began

her work as a Legislative Correspondent before becoming a Legislative

Assistant, and then a Senior Legislative Assistant.
In every role, Ally was the ultimate professional and went above and

beyond.
This job gives us all an incredible opportunity to better

people's lives, and Ally embraced this ideal, She worked hard every day

to serve the people of California's 52nd Congressional District.
Ally led critical pieces of legislation, including the Border Water

Quality Restoration and Protection Act, and helped secure essential

funding for our district.
In part because of her tireless advocacy, our

San Diego Congressional delegation has been able to secure millions of

dollars in funding to address cross-border pollution.
For instance,

last year Ally worked with staff for the San Diego delegation to

successfully advocate for funding to support environmental

infrastructure in the Tijuana River Valley Watershed to be included in

the Water Resources Development Act.
It is impossible to interact with Ally and not be impressed with her

encyclopedic policy knowledge, attention to detail, and thoroughness.
She was always a trusted voice.
On a personal level, Ally is kind, principled, funny, and generous.
She cares about the people she works with and the constituents she

served in California's 52nd Congressional District.
She will be greatly

missed in our office.
I thank Ally for her work, both past and future.
We're always rooting

for her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 75TH BIRTHDAY OF MARSHALL BRACHMAN

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor a dear

friend, Marshall Brachman, on the occasion of his 75th birthday on July

6, 2025.
Marshall has long exemplified the best of civic engagement and public

service.
His remarkable career spans more than four decades, beginning

in 1978, and is defined not only by professional success but by a

deeply rooted commitment to his community, his faith, and the

betterment of this country.
Outside of his accomplished professional life, Marshall has devoted

himself to civic and philanthropic causes.
At just 23 years old, he

became the youngest treasurer of a Jewish Community Center in the

United States when he assumed that role at the Fort Worth Jewish

Community Center.