Title: CELEBRATING MR.
YOSHIO NAKAMURA'S 100TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
110

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MR.
YOSHIO NAKAMURA'S 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
LINDA T. SANCHEZ

Ms. SANCHEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th

birthday of Yoshio ``Yosh'' Nakamura, and to honor his service to our

country as a Staff Sergeant in the Army Air Corps during World War II.
Born in California in 1925, Yosh and his family were forced from their

El Monte farm into the Gila River internment camp after the outbreak of

World War II.
Despite the violation of his rights, when Army recruiters

arrived at the camp looking for volunteers in 1944, 18-year-old Yosh

answered ``yes'' to serve.
As a member of the highly decorated all-Japanese-American 442nd

Regimental Combat Team, Yosh served in the European Theater,

participating in the assault on Mount Folgorito that led to further

Allied victories in Italy.
The 442nd became one of the most highly

decorated units in U.S. military history.
As Yosh said, ``We couldn't

hide our ancestry.
We had Japanese faces, but we had American hearts.''
After his discharge in 1946, Yosh used the GI Bill to earn a

bachelor's and master's degree in fine art from USC and then dedicated

his career to education.
He taught art at Whittier High School and

became the first professor hired by Rio Hondo College.
Yosh and his

late wife, Grace, became beloved members of the Whittier community.
I thank Mr. Nakamura for his service, and wish him a happy 100th

birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MS.
ALANA KARAM, RECIPIENT OF THE BROWARD LEAGUE OF CITIES

SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a student

from my district, Ms. Alana Karam, on receiving this year's Broward

County League of Cities' Scholarship.
This prestigious scholarship is

awarded each year to a high school senior who has demonstrated a deep

investment in public service and intends on leading a life focused on

it.
Alana is a recent graduate of Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School,

where she has distinguished herself in our community through her

passion for law, public policy, and civic engagement.
Her

accomplishments speak volumes, not only about her talents, but also

about her character and drive.
For her deep intellect and track record of leadership in and out of

the classroom, Alana has received well-deserved local and national

recognition.
She earned first place in the Veterans of Foreign Wars

Voice of Democracy Essay Contest and third place in the Federal Bar

Association's National High School Essay Contest--both highly

competitive national honors--and had her Capstone research project

published in the Journal of Student Research, a rare accomplishment at

the high school level.
Beyond her academic achievements, Alana has been an active member of

DECA and several honor societies, and she has sought real-world

experience to deepen her understanding of the justice system.
During an

internship at the Broward County Public Defender's Office, she

encountered firsthand the power of advocacy, and the role reaffirmed

her desire to dedicate her life to serving her community.
Looking ahead, Alana will attend Georgetown University this fall,

where she plans to major in Public Policy or Political Science.
She

aspires to attend law school and ultimately serve as a public defender,

uplifting marginalized voices and contributing meaningfully to the

justice system.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in celebrating

Ms. Alana Karam for her remarkable accomplishments and meaningful

impact on our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE MARINE CORPS ATTACK DRONE TEAM KINETIC STRIKE

DEMONSTRATION

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.