Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my colleagues join me in celebrating

Ms. Alana Karam for her remarkable accomplishments and meaningful

impact on our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE MARINE CORPS ATTACK DRONE TEAM KINETIC STRIKE

DEMONSTRATION

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

exceptional work of the Marine Corps Attack Drone Team based in

Quantico, Virginia, for their groundbreaking achievement in conducting

the first-ever armed First-Person View (FPV) kinetic strike

demonstration by the Marines in the continental United States.
This

milestone event took place during a live-fire exercise on April 25,

2025.
These Devil Dogs used a leading-edge FPV drone integrated with an

anti-personnel fragmentation payload, which can support other modular

payloads, which exhibited the flexible and scalable solution in

contemporary warfare our military urgently requires.
The results were impressive.
The drone engaged and neutralized every

target in the strike zone, illustrating not only the technical

effectiveness of the platform, but its immense strategic value in high-

risk, operational environments.
This capability comes at a time when global conflict is redefining

how wars are fought.
Today, over 70 percent of the causalities in

Ukraine are from these types of drones.
The recent coordinated drone

strikes carried out by Ukraine against Russian military infrastructure

are a clear signal: low-cost, highly adaptable drones are reshaping the

modern battlefield.
America must be prepared.
This demonstration by our

Marines shows we are not just responding, but leading.
As we scale up

our investment in unmanned systems, we must prioritize solutions that

are fast, flexible, and affordable.
By equipping our Armed forces with reliable, mission-ready tools that

can be rapidly deployed and continuously improved, we will maintain

both deterrence and dominance.
The Marines at Quantico are proving that

innovation doesn't require complexity or high cost; rather, it requires

bold thinking and dedicated execution.
After 25 years in the Army, I recognize the uniquely critical

importance of innovation, readiness, and a steadfast commitment to

success.
These Marines modeled all of that and more.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in commending these

Marines for their bravery, professionalism, and pioneering

accomplishments with respect to operational drone warfare.
Their service is indicative of an evolving, strong, and adaptable

U.S. military and I hope they serve as an inspiration to all Americans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SREBRENICA GENOCIDE

HON.
ANN WAGNER

Mrs. WAGNER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 30th

anniversary of the Srebrenica Genocide.
I thank the Congress of Bosniaks for bringing together dignitaries,

faith leaders, human rights advocates, policymakers, scholars, and

community leaders from around the country to mourn loved ones lost, and

commit ourselves anew to a future of peace, mutual tolerance, and

truth.
I want to give a special welcome to the delegation from my home state

of Missouri.
I represent the largest Bosnian community outside of Bosnia and

Herzegovina.
Over the years, I've had the honor to get to know and

share meals with Bosnian families in my district, so many of whom came

to Saint Louis in the wake of the tragic wars of the nineties.
This community has shaped what the city looks and feels like; it has

added great cultural diversity to the city, immense intellectual

capital, thriving small businesses, and a strong religious presence.
Three decades ago, members of our Bosnian community were refugees.
In

1995, Orthodox Serbs under the command of General Ratko Mladic

initiated a horrific ethnic cleansing campaign against majority-Muslim

Bosniaks.
The escalating bloodshed forced 130,000 Bosnian refugees to seek new

lives in the United States.
Thousands more were murdered in Srebrenica.
We remember those unthinkable events as the Srebrenica Genocide.