From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF RESOLUTION RECOGNIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF NATIONAL

CARIBBEAN AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my resolution

recognizing National Caribbean American Heritage Month.
Caribbean

Americans have enriched our nation through their contributions in the

arts, sciences, education, business, sports, military, and government.
Since before our nation's founding, millions have emigrated from the

Caribbean to the United States.
Today, more than 8 million Americans

are either born in the Caribbean or have Caribbean ancestry.
Among the

many influential Caribbean Americans are: Kamala Harris, the first

African-American Vice President; Colin Powell, the first African-

American Secretary of State; Eric Holder, the first African-American

Attorney General; Karine Jean-Pierre, the first African-American White

House Press Secretary; Deval Patrick, first African American Governor

of Massachusetts; David Paterson, first legally blind and first African

American to serve as Governor of New York State; Wes Moore, the first

African American Governor of Maryland; Patrick Gaspard, labor union

organizer and social justice advocate; Earl Graves, Sr, Founder of

Black Enterprise; Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, basketball great and social

activist; Marcus Garvey, Jamaican political activist and Pan-African

leader.
Caribbean Americans have made significant contributions to all

aspects of society, including fine arts, education, business,

literature, journalism, sports, fashion, politics, government, the

military, music, science, medicine, engineering, and technology.
They

also share their vibrant culture through festivals, carnivals, music,

dance, film, food, and literature, enriching the cultural landscape of

the United States.
Members of the Caribbean diaspora also have a longstanding legacy of

economic contributions, both in the U.S. and in their countries of

origin.
Through monetary and social remittances, they play a vital role

in supporting sustainable economic development in the Caribbean, with

these contributions representing significant percentages of their home

countries' GDP.
I would also like to recognize Dr. Claire A. Nelson, Founding

President of the Institute of Caribbean Studies, as the chief architect

behind the movement for the official proclamation of June as National

Caribbean American Heritage Month.
Dr. Nelson has convened a network of

volunteer leaders through the National Caribbean American Heritage

Month Commemorative Committee to ensure continued recognition and

celebration of this important month.
It is essential that Congress continues to acknowledge the invaluable

contributions of Caribbean Americans to our nation's history and their

role in shaping our future.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring National

Caribbean American Heritage Month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE BRIDGE CORROSION PREVENTION AND REPAIR ACT OF 2025

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduced the ``Bridge Corrosion

Prevention and Repair Act of 2025'' with Representative Mike Bost (R-

IL), Representative Chris Deluzio (D-PA), and Representative Brian

Fitzpatrick (R-PA).
I thank Representative Brownley (D-CA),

Representative Krishnamoorthi (D-IL), Representative Gottheimer (D-NJ),

and Representative Elfreth (D-MD) for cosponsoring this legislation.
Our bipartisan legislation requires all federally funded bridge

projects to use certified contractors for any corrosion control work

and employ industry-recognized standards for corrosion mitigation and

prevention.
Specifically, our legislation would prompt State, county,

and municipal transportation departments to employ qualified, trained

corrosion control professionals who have completed federally registered

apprenticeship programs.
This legislation also builds on a recommendation from the National

Transportation Safety Board and directs the Department of

Transportation to study and generate best practices for inspecting and

addressing corrosion on bridges made of weathering steel.
In July 2021, the House passed Section 2 of the ``Bridge Corrosion

Prevention and Repair Act'' as Section 1116 of former Chairman Peter A.

DeFazio's (D-OR) ``Investing in a New Vision for the Environment and

Surface Transportation (INVEST) in America Act,'' of which I was a

cosponsor.
While it was ultimately not included in the Infrastructure

Investment and Jobs Act (Public Law 117-58), I continue working to

build upon Chairman DeFazio's work on corrosion prevention policy and

promoting apprenticeships.