His remarkable career spans more than four decades, beginning

in 1978, and is defined not only by professional success but by a

deeply rooted commitment to his community, his faith, and the

betterment of this country.
Outside of his accomplished professional life, Marshall has devoted

himself to civic and philanthropic causes.
At just 23 years old, he

became the youngest treasurer of a Jewish Community Center in the

United States when he assumed that role at the Fort Worth Jewish

Community Center.
His leadership and vision led him to soon become

president of the Center as well as Treasurer of the Fort Worth Art

Museum, now The Modern, setting a high bar for service at a young age.
Marshall's dedication to community did not stop there.
He has been a

tireless advocate and supporter of Jewish causes both locally and

nationally, particularly through his involvement with the United Jewish

Appeal, the Young Leadership Cabinet, the Texas-Israel Exchange, and

AIPAC.
His impact in these organizations is a testament to his belief

in the power of service, charity, and enduring commitment to one's

values.
Marshall is also a trusted voice in public policy and government

affairs.
He has helped countless Members of Congress understand complex

issues, including providing historical context, and make informed

decisions.
His insight and integrity have made him a valuable advisor

to many on both sides of the aisle.
And to me personally, Marshall has

been a friend, a sounding board, and an unwavering supporter--qualities

for which I am sincerely grateful.
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Marshall

Brachman for his enduring contributions to civic life, his generous

spirit, and his invaluable friendship.
I extend my warmest wishes to

him and his family on this milestone birthday and thank him for the

positive impact he continues to make in so many lives.
Happy 75th to Marshall.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF MR.
GEORGE WOODWARD

HON.
RONNY JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the retirement

of Mr. George Woodward.
After eighteen years of dedicated service, Mr.

Woodward is stepping down from his responsibilities as the Director of

Public Affairs for the 82nd Training Wing at Sheppard Air Force Base in

Wichita Falls, Texas.
Throughout his 30-year career as a Public Affairs Specialist, Mr.

Woodward has been a tremendous source of expertise for the United

States Air Force.
Mr. Woodward has served in a number of critical roles

and commands, including the 927th Air Refueling Wing at MacDill Air

Force Base, Florida and European Regional Medical Command at Sembach

Air Base, Germany.
Mr. Woodward subsequently returned to the United

States where he took the position of Director of Public Affairs for the

82nd Training Wing, where he has faithfully served the outstanding men

and women at Sheppard Air Force Base.
At Sheppard, Mr. Woodward diligently supervised eighteen employees

who delivered clear and well-informed communications support on behalf

world.
As the official spokesperson for the base, Mr. Woodward advised

the commanding general on the effects of policies and actions on the

base's relationship with internal and external audiences and was

responsible for testing and executing crisis communication plans and

procedures, serving as the base liaison with state and federal

legislators, and overseeing a $1.3 million audiovisual contract.
During his tenure, Mr. George Woodward led public relations efforts

on critical developments at Sheppard Air Force base, such as the base's

groundbreaking on a $27 million Child Development Center and the 82nd

Training Wing's overhaul of the Air Force's Wartime Training Plan.
Mr.

Woodward also supported visits to Sheppard, including from the

Secretary of the Air Force and Air Force Chief of Staff, Air Education

and Training Command leadership, and foreign dignitaries.
As the

Director of Public Affairs, Mr. Woodward also led the communications

efforts for the base's 75th anniversary and Guardians of Freedom

Thunderbirds Air Show.