This legislation also builds on a recommendation from the National

Transportation Safety Board and directs the Department of

Transportation to study and generate best practices for inspecting and

addressing corrosion on bridges made of weathering steel.
In July 2021, the House passed Section 2 of the ``Bridge Corrosion

Prevention and Repair Act'' as Section 1116 of former Chairman Peter A.

DeFazio's (D-OR) ``Investing in a New Vision for the Environment and

Surface Transportation (INVEST) in America Act,'' of which I was a

cosponsor.
While it was ultimately not included in the Infrastructure

Investment and Jobs Act (Public Law 117-58), I continue working to

build upon Chairman DeFazio's work on corrosion prevention policy and

promoting apprenticeships.
In the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022

(Public Law 117-81), I secured Section 813 (Office of Corrosion Policy

and Oversight employee training requirements) directing the U.S.

Department of Defense to make use of federally registered

apprenticeship programs for training military personnel, civilian

employees, and military construction contractors on anti-corrosion

activities.
Under my amendment to the FY2022 NDAA, the DOD's Office of

Corrosion Policy and Oversight Employee Training Requirements is

charged with coordinating this work.
Under the 2021 Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, Congress and the Biden

Administration are making the largest federal investment to modernize

our nation's infrastructure since the Interstate Highway System was

established in 1956.
America's corrosion professionals and union

painters are ready, willing, and able to do the job.
Our legislation is endorsed by the International Union of Painters

and Allied Trades (IUPAT) and the Association for Materials Protection

and Performance (formerly called the National Association of Corrosion

Engineers and the Society for Protective Coatings).
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members of the House to cosponsor the

``Bridge Corrosion Prevention and Repair Act of 2025.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE VOLUNTARY EARLY RETIREMENT

AUTHORITY ACT OF 2025

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Foreign Service

Voluntary Early Retirement Authority Act of 2025.
This bill would allow

members of the Foreign Service to use Voluntary Early Retirement

Authority (VERA) when an agency is undergoing a reduction in force

(RIF) or other restructuring.
While most other federal employees are

eligible for VERA if their agencies are undergoing a RIF or other

restructuring, the members of the Foreign Service are not.
I strongly oppose the Trump administration's efforts to fire federal

employees and to dismantle the federal government, and I will continue

to fight those efforts using every tool at my disposal.
However, it is

important to mitigate the harm where we can, which this bill would do.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING TRIBUTE TO KIYA BATMANGLIDJ

HON.
KEN CALVERT

Mr. CALVERT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mr. Kiya

Batmanglidj on the occasion of his retirement from Federal service.
Over the past 21 years, Kiya has honorably served the United States in

both military and civilian service.
Kiya started his career in public service as an Army noncommissioned

officer, serving as a paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division from

1986 to 1989.
He was also voluntarily recalled to active duty in

support of Operation Desert Shield.
For the last ten years, Kiya has served on the House Appropriations

Committee.
He started with the Surveys and Investigations (S&I) staff

where he served as the branch chief for the defense portfolio.
He then

served briefly on the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs

Subcommittee working the VA portfolio before transitioning to the

Defense Subcommittee in 2018.
On the Defense Subcommittee, while in the House Minority, Kiya

managed the Army, Defense Wide, and Defense Health accounts.
When the

Republicans assumed the House Majority, Kiya oversaw the Military

Personnel account and the international security cooperation accounts.