The escalating bloodshed forced 130,000 Bosnian refugees to seek new

lives in the United States.
Thousands more were murdered in Srebrenica.
We remember those unthinkable events as the Srebrenica Genocide.
On the 30th Commemoration of the genocide, I wish to honor the memory

of the survivors--especially my Bosnian neighbors, whose wit, warmth,

and generosity inspires me to seek change.
With conflict and turmoil roiling every corner of the world,

including the Western Balkans, it is so important to look back at the

experiences of the Bosnian people during the wars and genocide of the

1990's.
When we say ``never again,'' we must mean it.
That is why I am leading bipartisan legislation, the Upholding the

Dayton Peace Agreement Through Sanctions Act, that would codify and

mandate key sanctions authorities to send an unmistakable message to

any actor that threatens the peace, security, stability, or territorial

integrity of Bosnia.
Sanctions work.
The State Department told me that Republika Srpska officials begged

the U.S., ``Please, no more sanctions.''
However, much more leverage

needs to be brought to bear against Dodik and his inner circle, their

Russian backers, and the corrupt politicians who recklessly use ethnic

tension to grow their power and wealth.
This bill has overwhelmingly passed the House multiple times, and I

am pleased to announce that I reintroduced it earlier this week,

alongside my fellow co-chairs of the Bosnia Caucus, Representatives

Turner, Auchincloss, and Bell.
With Dodik's separatists emboldened to a

shocking degree and the institutions of Dayton under overt attack, it

could not be clearer: the time to enact this legislation is now.
I thank those who traveled for this Commemoration and their

commitment to justice and truth.
They have many friends in Congress who

will always fight for a peaceful, prosperous Bosnia and Herzegovina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANNETTE AND MYRON GREENBAUM ON THEIR 60TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MIKIE SHERRILL

Ms. SHERRILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable

partnership of Annette and Myron Greenbaum of South Orange, New Jersey,

who will celebrate their 60th wedding anniversary on July 4, 2025.
They first met on a group ski trip: Annette was there with a friend,

Myron with the group.
Their first date came shortly after, when Annette

had an extra theater ticket and invited Myron to join.
Neither

remembers the name of the play, but both remember it led to the next

meeting.
Their second date was a Marx Brothers movie, an early sign

that laughter would become one of the cornerstones of their life

together.
They were married on July 4, 1965, in a small ceremony at a temple on

Central Park West, followed by a luncheon at the Delmonico Hotel, a

classic Manhattan venue that's part of the city's long history.
In the

early years of their marriage, Annette and Myron lived in a Brooklyn

Heights brownstone, enjoying walks along the promenade, afternoons at

museums, and everything the city had to offer.
Eventually, they made their home in South Orange, New Jersey, where

they raised two children and have lived in the same house for more than

forty years.
Along the way, they opened their home to many beloved

cats--each one a part of the family.
Today, they are the proud

grandparents of three.
When asked the secret to a long marriage.
Annette doesn't give a

grand declaration, just a simple truth learn to accept each other's

quirks.
It is my privilege to recognize Annette and Myron's 60 years of

marriage.
Their story is a reminder that the best partnerships are

built not just on love, but on humor, patience, and a shared life well-

lived.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF RESOLUTION RECOGNIZING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF NATIONAL

CARIBBEAN AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce my resolution

recognizing National Caribbean American Heritage Month.