It was indeed a special occasion to be there today for His Majesty’s first King’s Speech and particularly to see him continuing the remarkable tradition of service and duty of his late mother, our dearly missed Queen  Elizabeth.
I declare my interests in relation to the armed forces in Ukraine and my role as co-chair of the LGBT+ parliamentary Labour party and the relevant APPGs.
The speech today, as an occasion, was very special; the content, I am afraid, was far from that.
It was short, it was inadequate and it simply did not rise to the challenges we face as a country.
This is fundamentally a Government who are out of ideas.
Stuck in a high-tax, low-growth economy, they have abandoned their promises in many areas and failed to invest in our public services, and instead engage in cheap, divisive politics.
What a contrast with the clear, mission-led agenda set out by the Leader of the Opposition, which would be at the heart of a future UK Labour Government.
It is always there in the talking points for Ministers at the Dispatch Box, and we heard some barracking today from Conservative Back Benchers, but I am fed up with the cheap shots and the talking down of Wales that we regularly hear from the Government Benches.
There is a stark contrast between what we have seen from this Tory Government at the UK level and what we have seen from a Labour-led Government in Wales, and indeed from my Labour-led councils in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan.
I have seen the reality on the doorstep and in my communities.
I have seen new schools being built, such as Eastern High and Penarth Learning Community.
I have seen a new further education college.
I have seen new hospital facilities being built at Llandough.
I have seen new stations being built, right at this moment, on a metro line into Cardiff Bay.
I have seen new economic investment in our city centre and bay.
Indeed, as the topic of homelessness has been so shamefully spoken about by the Home Secretary, I have also seen Labour councils in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan building new sustainable housing to deal with the challenges facing those who tragically find themselves on the street.
That is what we need to see: action on housing and action on homelessness, not divisive and shameful comments from the Home Secretary.
The Leader of the Opposition was absolutely right to highlight that.
I am conscious that there is always more to do.
I have been out and about in my constituency in Cardiff South and Penarth in the last few weeks, engaging with lots of different communities and lots of different concerns.
We continue our campaign to see a new station built in St Mellons, the St Mellons parkway station.
I have been raising concerns about poor performance on the great western main line.
I have been arguing for reforms to, and the protection of, local bus services.
I have been listening to the concerns of those on low incomes struggling to make ends meet, including local taxi drivers, and those struggling with their energy bills and the rent and mortgage hikes as a result of the Conservative Government.
I have also been meeting those concerned about local GP services.
We need adequate and fit-for-the-future services across Cardiff and Penarth.
But of course that can only come with adequate investment across the United Kingdom and a co-operative relationship between a UK Government—hopefully a UK Labour Government—and a Welsh Labour Government, along with Welsh Labour councils in Wales.
One of the starkest contrasts in approach between Wales and those of us on the Labour Benches, and the current Government, is on climate change and the green transition.
The Government have abandoned targets  and are going backwards when we need to be moving forward with green transition, green jobs, green investment, sustainable housing and adaptation.
Communities in my local area, in places such as Sully and Dinas Powys, are already experiencing the consequences of severe flooding and rainfall events.
But I also see the opportunities, for example in green steel, the recycled steel already in produced in my constituency, and in green industries and green technologies of the future, many being piloted at our fantastic universities in Cardiff and south Wales.
Let me turn to some of the other issues in the King’s Speech.
On leaseholder reform, I am interested to see the details of the proposals.
There has been a lot of cross-party work on the issue and concern raised on behalf of many constituents.
I have many leaseholders—tens of thousands—in my constituency who have been struggling with defective buildings, fire and building safety issues, extortionate and often inexplicable service charges, and being caught in mortgage prisons.
There is a whole industry around conveyancing, surveying and so on, which has failed many of my residents who find themselves caught up in untenable situations.
In particular, I have met some of them in recent weeks who have been telling me about shocking service charges, which I am trying to follow up with management companies.
Companies are still failing to move forward quickly enough, or indeed at all, on remediation, and to take responsibility for their failings in the construction of buildings, particularly in Cardiff Bay.
I raised concerns with the Welsh Government on those issues, but we need co-operative action across the United Kingdom.
A lot of the problems predate devolution.
The leasehold system is decades and decades old—I think hundreds of years old.
I want Bills on this issue to come forward in this place, with co-operation between officials at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the Welsh Government, not the silly political gameplaying we have seen, unfortunately, from some Conservatives.
There is a willingness; the Welsh Government are taking a constructive approach.
Let us see that met from the other side to benefit my residents and the residents of Members from across the House.
We also need to look at what is missing from the King’s Speech.
I could talk about that for hours, but I want to highlight two issues in particular.
One is, of course, the ban on conversion therapy that we were promised again and again and again by the Government.
Conversion therapy is a despicable, abusive practice.
Frankly, the fact that it is not included in the speech is a betrayal not only of the victims of conversion therapy across the country, but of all the campaign groups, and all the cross-party, cross-religious and cross-community groups who have argued for it to be banned.
Conversion therapy is a dangerous, life-threatening practice that leads to decades of consequences for those who go through it.
I contrast that again with Labour’s commitment to a fully inclusive ban on conversion therapy.
I am sorry to say—this follows on from a debate we had in Westminster Hall in the previous Session just a few weeks ago—that this does not come as any surprise, despite some very passionate speeches from Conservative Members.
I acknowledge that there were Members in that debate from, I think, all parties in the House and from all parts of the United Kingdom.
The Government have abandoned their LGBT+ action plan and disbanded their LGBT+ advisory board.
I was told by a Home  Office Minister that we were hysterical for raising concerns about the significant rises in hate crime faced by the LGBT+ community.
The Government are failing LGBT+ people and are instead using this issue as part of their divisive culture wars.
It is simply unacceptable, and I know that many Conservative Members—indeed, many Ministers, I am told—feel exactly the same way.
Another area missing from the King’s Speech—a deep shame given the motion that was passed unanimously by the House—is an issue I raised a few weeks ago: legislation on the seizure of Russian state assets to repurpose them for reconstruction in Ukraine.
The motion we passed was for legislation to be passed in  90 days.
The King’s Speech would have been an apt opportunity, albeit a little bit late, but it is absent.
Again, what is happening?
I hope the Government will have some answers soon.
I have to say, and it is good to see my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey)  the shadow Defence Secretary on the Labour Front Bench, that it was deeply disappointing to hear the Prime Minister’s divisive comments about the armed forces and security.
They were a disservice to those on the Labour Benches who have served, as well as to families and communities.
The reality is that Labour fully supports NATO and fully supports our independent nuclear deterrent.
We want security co-operation, with NATO as our bedrock, across Europe, our Atlantic partners and other allies.
This Government have slashed the Army, wasted billions and left those who served us bravely in Afghanistan languishing in hotels for months and months on end at great cost to the public purse.
It would be nice to see a bit more of a consistent approach and more truth about Labour’s positions.
We will defend this country, we will defend our armed forces and we will work to support our veterans as we rightly should, particularly as we are coming up to Remembrance Sunday this weekend.
I normally talk from the Opposition Front Bench on international issues, but I want to reflect as a constituency MP on some of the challenges facing the world at the moment.
That is important in a constituency such as mine, because of its nature as a port and having had people come from all over the world for over 150 years.
What happens elsewhere in the world—in Israel and Palestine, Afghanistan, Sudan, Libya, the Sahel, south Asia, Yemen, Nigeria, Syria and many, many other regions and countries—matters deeply to my constituents.
In the past weeks I have heard from constituents about their anguish at the deaths, loss of civilian life and destruction in Gaza, and their horror at the terrorism, hostage taking and killing that Israel and its citizens have had to endure.
I have heard about the need to ensure we protect civilians, aid workers, hospitals and schools; to secure humanitarian pauses and get humanitarian aid in, particularly into Gaza; and to move back to a pathway to peace and a two-state solution, and to an adherence to international law and international humanitarian law.
I have also, with other hon.
Members and neighbours in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan, heard face to face from those who have families who are directly affected in both Gaza and Israel—a genuine fear about what divisions can mean for us in our communities.
I am also proud of the resilience and response from communities in Cardiff South and Penarth, whether in raising funds for aid and relief efforts in many different  situations around the world, including in the middle east at the moment, or in working to promote inter-faith and inter-cultural dialogue here in the UK.
That is absolutely critical when we are faced with a shocking rise in antisemitism and Islamophobia, and a wider rise in race and religious hate crime.
I want to conclude by saying that this weekend I saw communities in my area at their very best.
I joined Indian—Hindu, Sikh and others—communities celebrating Diwali together.
I joined a very diverse group of Christian and other faith communities who were celebrating with the Greek Orthodox Church 150 years of the Greek and Greek-Cypriot communities in Cardiff South and Penarth.
I also met young Muslims and others with Citizens Wales to discuss their hopes and aspirations for the future.
We need more dialogue in this country and less division.
I would hope that that would be the heart of any Government’s programme.
I know it would be the heart of a Labour Government’s programme.
I have to acquaint the House that this House has this dayattended His Majesty in the House of Peers, and that His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which I have, for greater accuracy, obtained a copy.
I shall direct that the terms of the Gracious Speech be printed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Copies are available in the Vote Office.
The Gracious Speech was as follows: My Lords and Members of the House of Commons It is mindful of the legacy of service and devotion to this country set by My beloved Mother, The late Queen, that I deliver this, the first King’s Speech in over 70 years.
The impact of Covid and the war in Ukraine have created significant long-term challenges for the United Kingdom.
That is why my Government’s priority is to make the difficult but necessary long-term decisions to change this country for the better.
My Ministers’ focus is on increasing economic growth and safeguarding the health and security of the British people for generations to come.
My Government will continue to take action to bring down inflation, to ease the cost of living for families and help businesses fund new jobs and investment.
My Ministers will support the Bank of England to return inflation to target by taking responsible decisions on spending and borrowing.
These decisions will help household finances, reduce public sector debt, and safeguard the financial security of the country.
Legislation will be introduced to strengthen the United Kingdom’s energy security, and reduce reliance on volatile international energy markets and hostile foreign regimes.
This Bill will support the future licensing of new oil and gas fields, helping the country to transition to net zero by 2050 without adding undue burdens on households.
Alongside this, my Ministers will seek to attract record levels of investment in renewable energy sources and reform grid connections, building on the United Kingdom’s track-record of decarbonising faster than other G7 economies.
My Government will invest in Network North to deliver faster and more reliable journeys between, and within, the cities and towns of the North and Midlands, prioritising improving the journeys that people make most often.
My Ministers will strengthen education for the long term.
Steps will be taken to ensure young people have the knowledge and skills to succeed, through the introduction of the Advanced British Standard that will bring technical and academic routes into a single qualification.
Proposals will be implemented to reduce the number of young people studying poor quality university degrees and increase the number undertaking high quality apprenticeships.
My Ministers will take steps to make the economy more competitive, taking advantage of freedoms afforded by the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union.
A bill will be brought forward to promote trade and investment with economies in the fastest growing region in the world.
My Ministers will continue to negotiate trade agreements with dynamic economies, delivering jobs and growth in the United Kingdom.
My Ministers will introduce new legal frameworks to support the safe commercial development of emerging industries, such as self-driving vehicles, introduce new  competition rules for digital markets, and encourage innovation in technologies such as machine learning.
Legislation will be brought forward to support the creative industries and protect public interest journalism.
Proposals will be published to reform welfare and support more people into work.
My Government will promote the integrity of the Union and strengthen the social fabric of the United Kingdom.
Working with NHS England, my Government will deliver its plans to cut waiting lists and transform the long-term workforce of the National Health Service.
This will include delivering on the NHS workforce plan, the first long-term plan to train the doctors and nurses the country needs, and minimum service levels to prevent strikes from undermining patient safety.
Record levels of investment are expanding and transforming mental health services to ensure more people can access the support they need.
My Government will introduce legislation to create a smokefree generation by restricting the sale of tobacco so that children currently aged fourteen or younger can never be sold cigarettes, and restricting the sale and marketing of e-cigarettes to children.
My Ministers will bring forward a bill to reform the housing market by making it cheaper and easier for leaseholders to purchase their freehold and tackling the exploitation of millions of homeowners through punitive service charges.
Renters will benefit from stronger security of tenure and better value, while landlords will benefit from reforms to provide certainty that they can regain their properties when needed.
My Government will deliver a long-term plan to regenerate towns and put local people in control of their future.
Legislation will be brought forward to safeguard the future of football clubs for the benefit of communities and fans.
A bill will be introduced to deal with the scourge of unlicensed pedicabs in London.
My Government is committed to tackling antisemitism and ensuring that the Holocaust is never forgotten.
A bill will progress the construction of a national Holocaust Memorial and Learning Centre in Victoria Tower Gardens.
My Government will act to keep communities safe from crime, anti-social behaviour, terrorism and illegal migration.
A bill will be brought forward to ensure tougher sentences for the most serious offenders and increase the confidence of victims.
My Ministers will introduce legislation to empower police forces and the criminal justice system to prevent new or complex crimes, such as digital-enabled crime and child sexual abuse, including grooming.
At a time when threats to national security are changing rapidly due to new technology, my Ministers will give the security and intelligence services the powers they need and will strengthen independent judicial oversight.
Legislation will be introduced to protect public premises from terrorism in light of the Manchester Arena attack.
My Government will deliver on the Illegal Migration Act passed earlier this year and on international agreements, to stop dangerous and illegal Channel crossings and ensure it is the government, not criminal gangs, who decides who comes to this country.
My Government will continue to champion security around the world, to invest in our gallant Armed Forces and to support veterans to whom so much is owed.
My Ministers will work closely with international partners to support Ukraine, strengthen NATO and address the most pressing security challenges.
This includes the consequences of the barbaric acts of terrorism against the people of Israel, facilitating humanitarian support into Gaza and supporting the cause of peace and stability in the Middle East.
My Government will continue to lead action on tackling climate change and biodiversity loss, support developing countries with their energy transition, and hold other countries to their environmental commitments.
The United Kingdom will continue to lead international discussions to ensure that Artificial Intelligence is developed safely.
My Government will host the Global Investment Summit, the European Political Community, and the Energy Conference, leading global conversations on the United Kingdom’s most pressing challenges.
I look forward to welcoming His Excellency the President of the Republic of Korea and Mrs. Kim Keon Hee for a State Visit later this month.
My Government will, in all respects, seek to make long-term decisions in the interests of future generations.
My Ministers will address inflation and the drivers of low growth over demands for greater spending or borrowing.
My Ministers will put the security of communities and the nation ahead of the rights of those who endanger it.
By taking these long-term decisions, my Government will change this country and build a better future.
Members of the House of Commons Estimates for the public services will be laid before you.
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons Other measures will be laid before you.
I pray that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon your counsels.
I am not sure about the link between that and energy security, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that thanks to the efforts of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , veterans’ homelessness is at record low levels in this country.
Rough sleeping overall is down by around a third since the peak, thanks to the actions of this Government and in particular the landmark Homelessness Reduction Act 2017—passed by this Government—which has helped relieve or prevent more than 640,000 people from becoming homelessness.
Returning to energy security, the Opposition want to ban all new oil and gas licences, risking our becoming even more dependent on Putin’s Russia for our crucial supplies of energy.
What is even more absurd about their policy is this: the Leader of the Opposition is not against all oil and gas; he is just against British oil and gas.
Unlike the Opposition, who want to pursue net zero with an ideological zeal—going even faster and further no matter what the cost or the disruption—we on the Conservative Benches are cutting the cost of net zero for working people, saving British families £5,000, £10,000 or £15,000, and that is the choice.
Message to attend His Majesty delivered by the Lady Usher of the Black Rod.
The Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; on their return, the Speaker suspended the sitting.
The House has directed the Speaker to make a statement at the beginning of each Session about the duties and responsibilities of hon.
Members.
I begin by reminding hon.
Members of their duty to observe the code of conduct agreed by the House and to behave with civility and fairness in all their dealings.
The behaviour code applies to Members as it applies to others who visit or work within Parliament, and it provides very clear guidance.
Unacceptable behaviour will be dealt with seriously, independently and with effective sanctions.
The House asserts its privilege of freedom of speech.
That privilege is enjoyed by Members of Parliament only in their work in this House; as private individuals, we are equal under the law with those whom we represent.
It is there to ensure that our constituents can be represented by us without fear or favour.
It is an obligation upon us all to exercise that privilege with responsibility.
I now come to the accuracy of Members’ contributions, which is more tricky.
The Speaker does not have the power to police the accuracy of Members—[Hon.
Members: “Shame.”
] It may be a shame, but these are the facts.
The Speaker does not have the power to police the accuracy of Members’ contributions, including those of Ministers.
It is therefore incumbent on Members to be accurate in what they say in this House, but if a Member is inaccurate by mistake, they should correct that mistake as soon as possible.
Let us now turn to courtesy and temperate language.
Members must also be mindful of the impact of what we say, not only on other Members but on those who follow our proceedings, and Members should be heard courteously whatever their views.
I draw the House’s attention to the guidance on rules of behaviour and courtesies in the House of Commons.
A new version for this Session is now available, clarifying those areas.
Turning to criticism of Members, in this place we are honourable Members, and the language we use about each other should reflect that.
If a Member falls short of the standards expected of us all, there are ways of dealing with that, but not by accusations made as sideswipes during questions or debates.
If we fail to treat each other with respect in debate, that diminishes our work, but it also risks raising the temperature of discussions outside this place, particularly on social media, which already too often descend into online abuse against hon.
Members.
It is so important that hon.
Members are able to raise matters with me freely.
For that reason, I keep such correspondence confidential, including applications for urgent questions.
I remind Members that it is equally important that my responses, particularly on matters of privilege, are treated with the same respect.
I hope that certain Members are listening.
I also wish to give some advice about seeking to speak within the Chamber.
The Deputy Speakers and I take into account a number of factors when determining whom we call during business that is not balloted, and one factor we consider carefully is how often a Member speaks.
In other words, if you have spoken much more  than a colleague then, other things being equal, that colleague is more likely to be called—or certainly more likely to be called earlier—especially in the next debate for which you both apply.
[Hon.
Members: “Poor Jim!”] Don’t worry; I am coming to him.
[Laughter.]
I know that it can be frustrating not to be called in a debate, or to be called very late.
That frustration may continue, but putting it on Twitter is not a good way of trying to be called earlier.
My response will be that I cannot call you earlier because you have already told the world, so think carefully before using Twitter to try to intimidate the Speaker.
Prioritising debates, question times, urgent questions and statements in which you seek to participate is one way of trying to avoid that happening.
Now that we have started a new Session, the reset button starts everybody’s scores at zero.
That even includes Jim Shannon—[Laughter.]
I should make it clear that when counting scores, different principles apply to Front Benchers from the three largest parties who are nominated to speak on behalf of their parties.
Staff in my office are happy to offer further advice and help.
Let us come to something very important: security and safety.
I want all Members and everyone in the parliamentary community to be able to go about their work safely, both online and here in Westminster.
The security of this building and those who work here depends on us all.
We have a duty to be vigilant and to assist those whose job it is to maintain this place as a safe place of work.
Yes, we are Members of Parliament and we were elected to be here, but remember that those who carry out security duties here are doing so to ensure that we are all safe.
Please, try not to abuse them—you should not abuse them—and do not take advantage of your position.
Before moving to the first business of the new Session, I would like to express my very best wishes to all hon.
Members and all those who work in this House.
I thank the staff of the House, whether they work in security or elsewhere.
They are looking after us, so please realise that they have a job to do.
I thank all the catering staff, because without them we could not function properly.
A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.
I have to acquaint the House that this House has this day attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, and that His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which I have, for greater accuracy, obtained a copy.
I shall direct that the terms of the Gracious Speech be printed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Copies are available in the Vote Office.
The Gracious Speech was as follows: My Lords and Members of the House of Commons It is mindful of the legacy of service and devotion to this country set by My beloved Mother, The late Queen, that I deliver this, the first King’s Speech in over 70 years.
The impact of Covid and the war in Ukraine have created significant long-term challenges for the United Kingdom.
That is why my Government’s priority is to make the difficult but necessary long-term decisions to change this country for the better.
My Ministers’ focus is on increasing economic growth and safeguarding the health and security of the British people for generations to come.
My Government will continue to take action to bring down inflation, to ease the cost of living for families and help businesses fund new jobs and investment.
My Ministers will support the Bank of England to return inflation to target by taking responsible decisions on spending and borrowing.
These decisions will help household finances, reduce public sector debt, and safeguard the financial security of the country.
Legislation will be introduced to strengthen the United Kingdom’s energy security, and reduce reliance on volatile international energy markets and hostile foreign regimes.
This Bill will support the future licensing of new oil and gas fields, helping the country to transition to net zero by 2050 without adding undue burdens on households.
Alongside this, my Ministers will seek to attract record levels of investment in renewable energy sources and reform grid connections, building on the United Kingdom’s track-record of decarbonising faster than other G7 economies.
My Government will invest in Network North to deliver faster and more reliable journeys between, and within, the cities and towns of the North and Midlands, prioritising improving the journeys that people make most often.
My Ministers will strengthen education for the long term.
Steps will be taken to ensure young people have the knowledge and skills to succeed, through the introduction of the Advanced British Standard that will bring technical and academic routes into a single qualification.
Proposals will be implemented to reduce the number of young people studying poor quality university degrees and increase the number undertaking high quality apprenticeships.
My Ministers will take steps to make the economy more competitive, taking advantage of freedoms afforded by the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union.
A bill will be brought forward to promote trade and investment with economies in the fastest growing region in the world.
My Ministers will continue to negotiate trade agreements with dynamic economies, delivering jobs and growth in the United Kingdom.
My Ministers will introduce new legal frameworks to support the safe commercial development of emerging industries, such as self-driving vehicles, introduce new  competition rules for digital markets, and encourage innovation in technologies such as machine learning.
Legislation will be brought forward to support the creative industries and protect public interest journalism.
Proposals will be published to reform welfare and support more people into work.
My Government will promote the integrity of the Union and strengthen the social fabric of the United Kingdom.
Working with NHS England, my Government will deliver its plans to cut waiting lists and transform the long-term workforce of the National Health Service.
This will include delivering on the NHS workforce plan, the first long-term plan to train the doctors and nurses the country needs, and minimum service levels to prevent strikes from undermining patient safety.
Record levels of investment are expanding and transforming mental health services to ensure more people can access the support they need.
My Government will introduce legislation to create a smokefree generation by restricting the sale of tobacco so that children currently aged fourteen or younger can never be sold cigarettes, and restricting the sale and marketing of e-cigarettes to children.
My Ministers will bring forward a bill to reform the housing market by making it cheaper and easier for leaseholders to purchase their freehold and tackling the exploitation of millions of homeowners through punitive service charges.
Renters will benefit from stronger security of tenure and better value, while landlords will benefit from reforms to provide certainty that they can regain their properties when needed.
My Government will deliver a long-term plan to regenerate towns and put local people in control of their future.
Legislation will be brought forward to safeguard the future of football clubs for the benefit of communities and fans.
A bill will be introduced to deal with the scourge of unlicensed pedicabs in London.
My Government is committed to tackling antisemitism and ensuring that the Holocaust is never forgotten.
A bill will progress the construction of a national Holocaust Memorial and Learning Centre in Victoria Tower Gardens.
My Government will act to keep communities safe from crime, anti-social behaviour, terrorism and illegal migration.
A bill will be brought forward to ensure tougher sentences for the most serious offenders and increase the confidence of victims.
My Ministers will introduce legislation to empower police forces and the criminal justice system to prevent new or complex crimes, such as digital-enabled crime and child sexual abuse, including grooming.
At a time when threats to national security are changing rapidly due to new technology, my Ministers will give the security and intelligence services the powers they need and will strengthen independent judicial oversight.
Legislation will be introduced to protect public premises from terrorism in light of the Manchester Arena attack.
My Government will deliver on the Illegal Migration Act passed earlier this year and on international agreements, to stop dangerous and illegal Channel crossings and ensure it is the government, not criminal gangs, who decides who comes to this country.
My Government will continue to champion security around the world, to invest in our gallant Armed Forces and to support veterans to whom so much is owed.
My Ministers will work closely with international partners to support Ukraine, strengthen NATO and address the most pressing security challenges.
This includes the consequences of the barbaric acts of terrorism against the people of Israel, facilitating humanitarian support into Gaza and supporting the cause of peace and stability in the Middle East.
My Government will continue to lead action on tackling climate change and biodiversity loss, support developing countries with their energy transition, and hold other countries to their environmental commitments.
The United Kingdom will continue to lead international discussions to ensure that Artificial Intelligence is developed safely.
My Government will host the Global Investment Summit, the European Political Community, and the Energy Conference, leading global conversations on the United Kingdom’s most pressing challenges.
I look forward to welcoming His Excellency the President of the Republic of Korea and Mrs. Kim Keon Hee for a State Visit later this month.
My Government will, in all respects, seek to make long-term decisions in the interests of future generations.
My Ministers will address inflation and the drivers of low growth over demands for greater spending or borrowing.
My Ministers will put the security of communities and the nation ahead of the rights of those who endanger it.
By taking these long-term decisions, my Government will change this country and build a better future.
Members of the House of Commons Estimates for the public services will be laid before you.
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons Other measures will be laid before you.
I pray that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon your counsels.
Before I call the mover and seconder, I want to announce the proposed subjects of debate during the remaining days on the Loyal Address: today, debate on the Address; tomorrow, breaking down barriers to opportunity; Thursday, making Britain a clean energy superpower; Monday, building an NHS fit for the future; Tuesday, securing high, sustained economic growth in every part of the country; and Wednesday, reducing violent crime and raising confidence in policing and the criminal justice system.
I have the pleasure to call Sir Robert Goodwill to move the motion on the Address, and then I will call Siobhan Baillie to second it.
I beg to move, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, as follows: Most Gracious Sovereign, We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to Your Majesty for the Gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of Parliament.
It is a great honour to move the Humble Address.
This is the first time that King Charles has opened a Session as monarch, and today’s pomp and ceremony are tinged with sadness as we remember the late Queen with affection and with gratitude for 70 years of service to our kingdom and Commonwealth.
We look forward to another significant reign as the baton is passed to the next generation.
So, Mr Speaker, it has finally come to this.
It is official: I was the future once.
The seconder of the Humble Address, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie) , for whom I am the warm-up act today, is always described as up and coming.
I am not really sure what that makes me.
I recall the last occasion, when my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  was proposing the Humble Address and we all thought he was on the scrapheap, but less than two months later he was back on the Front Bench attending Cabinet, so you never know—although, the Chief Whip has assured me that there is no danger of that happening to me.
Scarborough and Whitby has to be the best constituency in the country.
Of course, Mr Speaker, it has a head start by being in Yorkshire.
They say you should never ask someone if they are from Yorkshire, because if they are, they are bound to mention it in the first five minutes; and if they are not, why humiliate them unnecessarily?
I am pleased to see our colleagues in the Scottish National party sporting the white rose of Yorkshire today, although I must point out that Yorkshire Day is  1 August , so not for the first time they have got things wrong.
The arrival of the railways created Scarborough as our first seaside destination, and we are still Britain’s premier coastal resort and second only to London for the number of visitors.
In fact, there could be more if some of the £36 billion recouped from HS2 could be redeployed on dualling the A64.
Culturally, we are the home of Sir Alan Ayckbourn and also the birthplace of the McCain oven chip, as well as Plaxton’s coaches and  the electric buses that we are increasingly seeing on the streets in places such as Blackpool—that is, if the Labour council there does not order Chinese ones.
Whitby is famous for Bram Stoker’s “Dracula”, the Goth weekend and, of course, fish and chips from the famous Magpie restaurant—although I hasten to add that that is not the only place you can get good fish and chips in Whitby.
Before mass tourism, the area was dotted with ironstone, alum and jet mines.
Fast-forward a century or two
and we are the biggest mining area in the country, with Anglo American investing £1 million every single day and employing around 1,000 people developing the new polyhalite mine just outside Whitby, with its 23-mile connecting tunnel to Teesside, where Mayor Ben Houchen is delivering so much economic development.
The North Yorkshire Moors national park was made famous as the location of Aidensfield in ITV’s “Heartbeat” police drama, and it is home to many important ground-nesting birds on the heather moorland, sustained and managed in traditional ways by generations of farmers and keepers.
I do not know if you have noticed, Mr Speaker, but we seem to be having a lot of by-elections at the moment—[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] Not so fast.
It was a by-election in Ryedale in 1986 that whetted my appetite for frontline politics.
The seat was held with a thumping 16,000 Conservative majority, but it fell to the Liberals with a 19% swing, giving Elizabeth Shields a 5,000-vote margin.
While the rest of the Liberal party were going back to their constituencies to prepare for government, I was not going to put up with the situation, so rather naively I put my name forward—along with 200 others—to be the candidate at the subsequent general election.
I was not selected, but did come second to John Greenway, who, for Members who do not remember or who were not even born—I am looking at  the hon.
Member for Selby and Ainsty (Keir Mather) —won the seat back only 13 months later with a 10,000 majority.
The moral is: don’t count your chickens on the basis of by-election results.
Not put off, my next move was to try to find a safe Labour seat to fly the flag for Margaret Thatcher.
Living in the north-east, there was no shortage of rock-solid Labour citadels—places like Sedgefield, Hartlepool, Bishop Auckland, North West Durham and Redcar—and it was in Redcar that I was selected to challenge the wonderful Mo Mowlam.
By then, John Major had taken over from Mrs Thatcher.
When that happened, I remember my children asking me, “Daddy, is it really possible that a man can be Prime Minister?”
We have now had three women Conservative premiers, assuming the most recent one counts, of course, and we now have the first Prime Minister who represents a Yorkshire seat.
Is that a big deal?
It certainly is.
I must say that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond (Yorks)  (Rishi Sunak) could not be a better neighbour or better friend to me.
Labour was well ahead in the polls in the run-up to the 1992 election, and Mo had a car at the count, with the engine running, ready to take her down to sit in Neil Kinnock’s Cabinet as Northern Ireland Secretary, but once again the polls were wrong.
I stood in North West Leicestershire in the 1997 Blair landslide election, which I will quickly pass over.
Suffice it to say that both seats in which I stood, Redcar and North West Leicestershire, eventually returned Conservative Members.
I like to think that the Goodwill effect was a slow burn.
After what I will call a five-year sabbatical in the European Parliament, I was selected to stand for Scarborough and Whitby, a seat that had been consistently blue since 1918 but had been red in both 1997 and 2001.
Even though the exit poll said I would lose, we managed to prevail on  5 May 2005  and I entered the House at last.
I put our victory down to one deciding factor.
On the eve of poll, of all the places that Tony Blair could have chosen for his big election rally, he chose Scarborough.
Maybe the Leader of the Opposition could indulge me next time round and come to Scarborough on the eve of the poll to see if he can replicate the Blair effect—or better still, he could have a rally in Sheffield and go the full Kinnock.
At the following election, I was the victim of a fly-poster campaign.
All over town, there were A4 photocopies asking, “What is the difference between Robert Goodwill and a supermarket trolley?”
The local newspaper picked up on this and concluded that a supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.
I must admit that I have never voted against the Tory Whip, so that might explain it.
However, having been here a while, I can now reveal the real answer to the question.
The difference between an MP and a supermarket trolley is that there is a physical limit to the amount of food and drink that you can get into a supermarket trolley.
I certainly welcome the Bills that have been announced.
In particular, I would like to see convicted criminals attend their sentencing.
Life for some of the most severe crimes must mean life.
Fairness is part of what it means to be British, and we must ensure that the dynamic between freeholders and leaseholders is intrinsically fair, in the same way as we should show equal respect for landlords and tenants when they are doing the right thing.
I was pleased to see that the ban on live animal exports for slaughter will happen, now we are outside the European Union and have the freedom to do that.
Those who are successful in the ballot for private Members’ Bills will not be short of other suggestions, both from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and from animal welfare organisations, to carry forward some important measures in that area, which I know is important to the Government.
The Bill to tackle unlicensed and uninsured pedicabs, which can rip off unsuspecting tourists, is not before time.
Today’s focus is on the legislative agenda, but we cannot ignore what is going on outside our borders.
The butchery we saw from Hamas on  7 October  was evil beyond anything most of us could even imagine—and, yes, BBC, these thugs are terrorists.
If those atrocities had been on our soil and against our people, we would have been expected to launch a robust response—Israel has that right, too.
Indeed, what else did Hamas expect would happen?
The conflict in Ukraine may be off the front pages, but we must not waver in our support for the courageous Ukrainian people.
Good government is not so much about how many laws we have and how many new laws we announce, but about how we respond to changing and unexpected events such as the pandemic.
Hindsight is a wonderful thing, but the Prime Minister’s furlough scheme and help for businesses were the right thing to do.
The universal credit system was also robust in the face of unprecedented demand.
With small boat crossings of the channel down by more than a fifth year on year, we are making progress in curbing the organised criminal gangs engaged in this dangerous, exploitative trade.
Furthermore, if we can stand up the Rwanda scheme, it will be a game changer.
Our help should be for those most in need, not those most able to pay.
Finally, I come to a true story from the 2019 winter general election; I heard your strictures about being truthful to the House, Mr Speaker, and this absolutely happened.
One of the strongest Labour areas in my patch is a former council estate called Eastfield—we usually go there early in the campaign to get it out of the way—but this time it was different: people were crossing the street to shake my hand.
They had voted for Brexit and wanted to get it done, and they were sick of being ignored.
When my wife, Maureen, knocked on one door, the lady who answered was effusive in her admiration for Prime Minister Johnson.
When I arrived, I asked her why she was so enthusiastic.
She said, “Boris is one of us.”
When I politely pointed out that he had been to Eton and Oxford, she replied, “You don’t understand.
He had a row with his wife and the police came round.
That’s what happens on this street all the time.”
[Laughter.]
I commend the Gracious Speech to the House.
It is an honour to second the Loyal Address and I am proud that the Stroud constituency is playing its part in history, given that this is the first state opening by His Majesty the King.
The late Queen was an inspiration for everyone across this great nation.
For Members of this House, she reminded us that, despite the melodrama of politics, we are all here to serve the public.
The King is already following in his mother’s footsteps and making us all proud, although when I told my non-political family that I was going to be talking about the King’s Speech, the response I got was, “Oh, great, that’s a really good film.”
[Laughter.]
Talking about hard acts to follow, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Sir Robert Goodwill)  had me doing a fair few “lols”; I know exactly the areas he is talking about.
He has definitely landed that promotion with that speech, in his final furlong.
We have many connections, which I will touch on today, but Scarborough Athletic FC will play Stroud’s Forest Green Rovers in the FA cup next week, so we have another rumble to come.
I know my right hon.
Friend will be missed when he gets his pipe and slippers out to retire next year, but his lovely new grandchildren will keep him very busy.
I went to school in my right hon.
Friend’s constituency.
If I could tell the younger me in Scarborough, a young fashionista wearing Spice Girl platforms, Adidas trackie bottoms and a second-hand Umbro jumper—it was a very strong look, although I am grateful that there were no camera phones then—that I would have the privilege of representing the beautiful constituency of Stroud, speaking ahead of the Prime Minister, after being in the same room as the King and the Queen, I think young me would have thought I had lost the plot.
What did the Conservative party do for a free school meal kid, who left home at 15 and did not go to university?
It gave her  a seat at the most famous palace in the world, led by the son of a pharmacist, who is also leading the most diverse Cabinet we have ever known.
The public service bit of this job motivates me, but that is not what hits the headlines.
I am often asked, “How do you survive with everybody backstabbing, doing their own thing and out to get each other?”
I just smile and say, “I don’t hang around with the Labour party.”
[Interruption.]
I love you all really.
To be honest, the parliamentary Labour party has absolutely nothing on the Stroud Labour party, whose members have all resigned or fallen out with each other.
What I actually say is that to survive in this place you have to find some friends, and then fully expect them to push you into the Thames in the run-up to a reshuffle.
We also get new friends for very short periods of time, come Select Committee elections.
I sort of miss the daily messages from  the right hon.
Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) .
His text messages are less famous than his scary handwritten notes about the economy, but they are still persistent.
Back to navigating a workplace that is mad as a box of frogs.
Early on, I came up with “Operation Green Benches”, whereby I shunned history books and Hansard and researched parliamentary sketches instead, because I love them.
Quentin Letts once wrote that the area of the Government Benches where I am now sitting is the “naughty corner”, so that sorted out where I would sit.
It sounded fun
and he was right.
I then realised that identifying the loudest colleagues to sit with, and effectively hide behind, could be crucial to avoid the wrath of the Speaker.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Elmet and Rothwell (Alec Shelbrooke)  seemed to fit that bill.
He was described as being “expansively waistcoated” and having “lungs like bagpipes” —perfect.
He is not in his place.
He is watching at home on the tellybox, but no doubt he is wearing a waistcoat.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare)  and my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  are often depicted as noisy and boisterous.
Those two appeared to come free with “bagpipe lungs”, in a creative BOGOF-style deal that probably should be banned, but this strategy has served me well and given me a slightly dysfunctional, but always hilarious and caring Chamber family whom I love dearly.
The other five Gloucestershire MPs are also guiding lights, not least my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Forest of Dean (Mr Harper) , who taught me that consistent rebelling does not hinder one’s career.
It’s okay, Chief Whip, I’m not going to follow that lead.
My kids come to work with me, so they support me in their own chaotic way.
Gigi, aged 3, dressed as a witch on Hallowe’en.
She merrily skipped up the steps of one house, turned to me and said loudly, “Mummy, this is just like canvassing.”
Then the door opened and she went, “Trick or treat!”
and I said, “I blame those CCHQ canvassing scripts”—an absolute disaster.
A myriad of female colleagues naturally support each other, on both sides of the House.
I especially congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brecon and Radnorshire (Fay Jones)  on her wedding at the weekend.
She looked absolutely radiant and I wish her and her husband a long, happy life together.
I am chuffed to be the first MP from Stroud to be asked to second the Loyal Address.
Stroud, with its valleys and vale, is gorgeous, so please visit.
We have the quirky bit of the Cotswolds with a creative, innovative and industrial spirit throughout.
People rightly expect a lot of their public servants in our neck of the woods, so I mainly sit in the House of Commons Library, as others know, dealing with endless amounts of casework and correspondence.
I am having some successes: I am steadily chipping away at 20-year-old problems such as Tricorn House and accessibility at Stroud station and at newer challenges, including Rush skatepark and Stroud Maternity’s postnatal beds.
People take the mick out of me sitting in the Library, but I really like it.
It is never dull.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall) , another denizen of the Library, excitedly texted me one day, saying, “Come see my tortoise.”
I have heard about these public schoolboys and how they like to give nicknames to things, so it was not without fear and trepidation that I came into his bit of the Library to see his tortoise.
Happily, Mr Speaker, it was actually your tortoise that I got to see; he was eating merrily on the Terrace.
May I also say that your decision to add giant cats and other creatures to this already odd place is very welcome?
I listened carefully to what His Majesty the King had to say earlier.
It is customary to be jolly in seconding a speech, but we all know that these are difficult times.
To hear that the Government’s focus is on security challenges, both domestic and international, was extremely important.
Thereafter, I can get behind all actions to increase economic growth and help our constituents with day-to-day pressures or injustices.
By way of an example, Stroud constituents should not be ripped off by rogue property management companies.
I commend the campaigning work of local people and my hon.
Friends the Members for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) and for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) to get leasehold reform and protections for homeowners on the agenda.
The King’s comments about putting people in control of their futures and the focus on town regeneration give me hope for high streets, businesses and fantastic areas such as Berkeley and Stroud towns.
With the Prime Minister gripping artificial intelligence and new technology, we are poised and ready to fly with innovation in renewables, hydrogen internal combustion engines, nuclear and many other science, technology, engineering and maths fields.
The Government’s NHS long-term workforce plan must get lift-off if we are to help Stroud Maternity midwives.
I have long campaigned for more apprentices as well, so let us get rid of all barriers in further education.
My excellent friend and constituency neighbour, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , will clearly have a lot to do as Secretary of State for Justice, but I still hope that he will look closely at family law reform to keep cases involving children out of the courts system.
Although I was not expecting new childcare announcements, I urge the whole Government to get behind the Chancellor’s investment in families by urgently boosting the early years workforce.
His Majesty the King said that the Government will lead on action to tackle biodiversity loss.
With COP28 approaching, the Prime Minister should get familiar  with WWT Slimbridge’s flamingos on our patch.
I will take all the help that I can get to have a dedicated domestic wetlands team and strategy in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
If he is not persuaded, flamingos are absolutely marvellous for that wonderful Instagram account of his.
The King is the WWT president, and wetlands can genuinely help us to reach our net zero targets.
I said earlier that public service was a privilege
and I genuinely meant it.
It gives us the chance to change things for everyday families and champion those who deserve and need our support.
It also allows the hardest working Prime Minister that I have known—and I have known quite a few recently; even my baby had met three Prime Ministers by the time she was three months old—to show the country, week in, week out, how we can bring long-term change against global headwinds, and I second this Loyal Address.