Thank you, Mr Speaker; was it something I said?
Like snaw aff a dyke.
I wish to begin, as is customary, by passing on my thanks to King Charles and the Queen for their most Gracious Speech today.
I am sure it was a momentous occasion for them both.
I have been goaded a wee bit about my flower, but notwithstanding that, I intend to start by offering some consensus across the Chamber, because I believe that is incredibly important in these times.
First, in relation to Ukraine, it is fast approaching the two-year anniversary of Vladimir Putin’s decision to enter Ukraine in an extremely forceful manner—to start a war, to kill civilians and to attack Ukraine’s democracy, building upon the steps that he had taken in 2014 by invading and annexing Crimea.
It has been said in the public domain that the resolve of the west is perhaps shaking in the face of the fact that the conflict continues; but I think we are all united across this Chamber, right across parties, in our steadfast commitment to the Ukrainian people in their fight to protect their democracy against that most abhorrent of tyrants.
We say that because these are our values.
It is what we believe in.
We believe in peace, we believe in protecting civilians and we believe in democracy.
Of course, that view extends beyond just Ukraine; it extends to the situation in Israel and Gaza, too.
I know I am at risk of repeating myself here—as indeed many of us do in this Chamber from time to time—but it is important to reiterate that all of us in this Chamber are united in our unequivocal condemnation of what Hamas did exactly a month ago.
There can never be a justification for the senseless killing of men, women and children in the way that that terrorist organisation did.
What we have seen off the back of that on our streets is equally—not perhaps equally—concerning.
We all have grave concerns about the rise of antisemitism and the fear so many people have walking the streets of these isles.
I want to send my heartfelt support to all those in the Jewish community and to make it very clear—if, indeed, it ever needed to be clear—that we all oppose antisemitism, no ifs and no buts.
Finally on that point, I think what we all so urgently want to see is diplomacy in action to release the hostages who are still under Hamas’s control.
There can be, as I said in relation to other matters, no justification for that and we all want to see those people returned to their families as quickly as possible.
As I have said previously, I wish the Prime Minister well in that diplomatic pursuit.
The conflict in Israel and Gaza cannot be forgotten without mentioning what we are seeing in Gaza itself.
Thousands upon thousands of people have been killed.
People do not have access to food.
They do not have access to clean water.
They do not have access to fuel.
They cannot turn on the lights.
They do not have access to medicine.
In many instances, the hospitals they go to no longer exist, the schools they once went to no longer exist, the universities they once went to no longer exist.
What we are seeing—this is perhaps where the agreement across the Floor goes away—is collective punishment.
What we so badly need to see is a humanitarian ceasefire.
No, not a humanitarian pause, which fills people’s bellies, only for them to be blown up in the days to follow.
What we believe in unequivocally is a humanitarian ceasefire.
I sincerely hope that Members across the Chamber will join us in coming to that position in the not too distant future, because those are our values.
We believe in peace and we believe in the protection of civilians.