May I warmly welcome my hon.
Friend,  the new Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) ?
After the representation that fine town has had recently, it is good to know that it has a proper champion back at last.
May I also warmly welcome the new Labour MP, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) , to these Benches?
If one week a Tory MP who is also a doctor says that the Prime Minister cannot be trusted with the NHS and joins Labour, and the next week the Tory MP for Dover—on the frontline of the small boats crisis—says that the Prime Minister “cannot be trusted” with our borders and joins Labour, what is the point of this failed Government staggering on?
Can I join the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in welcoming his newest MP for Blackpool?
He looks a lot happier than the Member sitting in that spot last week.
Let me also join the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in congratulating all new and paying tribute to all former councillors, police and crime commissioners and Mayors across the country.
I hope that his new ones do him as proud as I am proud of all of mine, including such great leaders as Andy Street.
They leave behind a strong legacy of more homes, more jobs and more investment, in sharp contrast to the legacy left by the last Labour Government, which was a letter joking that there was no money left.
In addition to losing two Tory MPs in two weeks, the Prime Minister has been on the receiving end of some of the biggest by-election swings in history.
He has also lost 1,500 Tory councillors, half of his party’s Mayors and a leadership election to a lettuce.
How many more times do the public and his own MPs need to reject him before he takes the hint?
This time last year, I reminded the right hon.
and learned Gentleman of some advice from his own mentor, Tony Blair, who said at the time that he “can be as cocky as he likes about the local elections; come a general election, policy counts.
”—[Official
Report,  9 May 2007 ; Vol. 460, c. 152.]
One year on from that advice, what has he managed?
He has £28 billion of tax rises, 70 new business regulations, 30 U-turns and a deputy leader under a police investigation.
I am surprised that the Prime Minister brought up a police investigation; his record is played one, lost—well, actually it is two, there was the seatbelt as well.
His record is played two, lost two in relation to police investigations.
The voters keep telling him that it is not good enough.
Instead of listening, he keeps telling them that everything is fine, if only they would realise his greatness.
He just does not get it, but at least after Thursday night he can go to the many places he calls home and enjoy the fruits of his success.
In Southampton or Downing Street, he has great Labour councils.
At his mansion in Richmond, he can enjoy a brand-new Labour Mayor of North Yorkshire.
At his pad in Kensington, he can celebrate a historic third term for the Mayor of London.
Now that he, too, can enjoy the benefits of this changed Labour party, is he really still in such a hurry to get back to California?
I must say that I was surprised to see the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in North Yorkshire, although probably not as surprised as he was when he realised he could not take the tube there.
I can tell him that the people of North Yorkshire believe in hard work, secure borders, lower taxes and straight-talking common sense.
They will not get any of that from a virtue-signalling lawyer from north London.
It was great to be in Northallerton, where they have just voted to reject the Prime Minister’s proposition.
He has finally found something in common with the British public: no matter where he calls home, all his neighbours are backing this changed Labour party.
They keep rejecting him, because they have sussed him out.
They know there is nothing behind the boasts, the gimmicks and the smug smile.
He is a dodgy salesman desperate to sell them a dud.
Sixteen days ago, when he held a press conference claiming victory on Rwanda, he said: “The next few weeks will be about action…people want deeds not words.”
Let us test that.
How many small boat crossings have there been since he said that 16 days ago?
Actually, just before we get on to that, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman talked about a changed Labour party—[Interruption.]
This is important.
He talked about a changed Labour party; he talks about it a lot.
He also talked about his Mayor in London.
Just this morning, we learned that the Labour Mayor in London believes there is an “equivalence” between the brutal terrorist attack of Hamas and Israel defending itself.
Let me be crystal clear: there is absolutely no equivalence between a terrorist group and democratic state.
Will he take this opportunity to demonstrate that the Labour party has changed?
Will he condemn those comments from the Labour Mayor?
I know that was the last run-out before the general election, but the Prime Minister is getting ahead of himself in asking me questions.
I notice that the Prime Minister did not even attempt to answer the question.
He knows the answer: since he claimed victory 16 days ago, there have been a staggering 2,400 small boat crossings.
That is a gimmick, not a deterrent, and those 2,400 will be added to the Tories’ asylum perma-backlog, which is forecast to rise to 100,000 by the end of the year.
The Prime Minister pretends that he will remove them all to Rwanda, but Rwanda can take only a few hundred a year.
At that rate, his grand plan would take over 300 years to remove them all.
There are tens of thousands of people with their claims going unprocessed, who will be here for their entire lifetime, living in hotels at the taxpayers’ expense.
It is absurd to call that anything other than an amnesty handed to them by the Tory party, isn’t it?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman had the opportunity to condemn the comments of his Mayor—a Mayor who said that there is an “equivalence” between Hamas and Israel—and he did not do that.
Everyone will see: that is the changed Labour party right there.
Since I became Prime Minister, small boat crossings are down by a third.
That is because we have doubled National Crime Agency funding, increased enforcement rates, closed bank accounts, deported 24,000 people  and processed more claims.[Official Report,  14
May 2024 ; Vol. 750, c. 4WC.]
(Correction) When it comes to border control, there is a crucial difference between us: the Conservatives want secure borders; the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is happy with open borders.
The whole country knows that removing less than 1% of asylum seekers is not stopping the boats; it is granting an amnesty—a Tory amnesty.
If the Prime Minister thinks the voters are wrong, that his own MPs who have joined the Labour party are wrong, and that anyone believes any of the nonsense that he spouts, why does he not put it to the test and call a general election?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about removing people—this is a person who campaigned to stop the deportation of foreign national offenders.
That shows how out of touch his values are with the British people.
It is yet another week where we have heard nothing about the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s plan to do anything on the issues that matter to the country.
Meanwhile, the Government are getting on with reforming welfare and getting people into work—he opposes it.
We are controlling legal and illegal migration—he opposes it.
And, as we heard, we are boosting defence spending to strengthen our country—he opposes it.
That is the difference: he snipes from the sidelines; the Conservatives are building a brighter future.
When it comes to small boat crossings, there is a lot of talk of human rights, but surely the only human right and life that matters is the life of children who are being taken across the channel.
In that respect, will the Government now do the only thing that will actually be a real deterrent and arrest and detain all those who land illegally on our shores and then offshore them promptly so that, once and for all, we can save lives and end this cruel and callous trade?
My right hon.
Friend is right that these crossings are incredibly dangerous and risk people’s lives.
Just weeks ago, a seven-year-old girl died attempting a crossing.
That is why, as a matter of basic compassion, we must do everything we can to break the cycle of the criminal gangs.
That is why we need a deterrent.
That is what the National Crime Agency says, and that is how we dealt with illegal migrants from Albania.
It is only by removing people who should not be here that we remove the reason for them to come in the first place.
That is how we will control our borders.
It is clear that it is only the Conservative party that has a plan not only to stop the boats but to stop the tragic loss of life in the channel, too.