The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 8 May.
I know the whole House will join me in congratulating John Swinney on becoming Scottish National party leader and Scottish First Minister.
I look forward to working constructively with him to deliver for the people of Scotland.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
At last week’s Prime Minister’s questions, I highlighted the shocking rise in the number of teenagers trying vaping, and I asked the Prime Minister if he would take decisive action to stop vape advertising on football strips.
He declined to do that.
Since then, I have had an exchange with the Scottish chief medical officer, Professor Sir Gregor Smith, during a sitting of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill Committee, and he said: “Where I become very uncomfortable, and I am not supportive, is where the massive attraction of sports companies is used in a way that promotes behaviours that are known to be unsafe or unhealthy.”––[Official Report, Tobacco and Vapes Public Bill Committee,  1
May 2024 ; c. 80, Q11.]
Can I ask the Prime Minister again: does he still think it is right that vape companies should sponsor football kits?
I am glad the hon.
Lady agrees with me and the Government that we should do more to tackle youth vaping, and that is why we are bringing forward measures in the new Bill to restrict the availability and appeal of vapes to children specifically, whether that is flavours or, indeed, marketing.
As she knows, advertising of vapes is already heavily restricted by UK regulations, including a ban on advertising on television, radio and most places online.
We have seen football take positive voluntary action in the past on issues such as this, but I will say to the hon.
Lady that the Government will respond to her specific amendment in the usual way.
I declare that my daughter is a serving officer in the armed forces.
In recent weeks, my right hon.
Friend has announced plans to control welfare and get people back to work and to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP, and has passed legislation to get flights off to Rwanda.
Does he agree with me that these are all issues that real people such as my constituents in South East Cornwall care about, and that the Leader of the Opposition should do the right thing and back them?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for her local area, and can I also thank her daughter for her service in the armed forces?
My hon.
Friend is right: I am not surprised that Labour Members do not back our plans to stop the boats and I am not surprised they do not back our plans to get people into work and reform welfare, but I do think that they should do the right thing when it comes to the security of our nation, and that is to back our plans to increase defence spending and give our brave armed forces personnel the resources they need to keep us safe.