The Secretary of State knows that our probation service is in crisis and cannot cope without a significant increase in support and resources.
Will the Government be providing that?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady.
As I said to the shadow Secretary of State, I have great respect for the work done by those in our probation service.
Indeed, I have met the probation unions in the past.
Although we do not always agree, I have huge respect for the work those unions do in representing their members.
I would make two points.
First, to say that it was done without scrutiny in this House stretches the bounds of credibility.
There have been two statements by the Secretary of State and multiple oral parliamentary question sessions, and I have undergone a polite but thorough grilling at the Justice Committee by its Chair.
I do not think it stacks up to say that this has not been subject to scrutiny.
On the hon.
Lady’s underlying point, I set out earlier that we are investing in probation.
There is £155 million of additional investment a year since 2021 and there are 4,000 more probation officers and staff in training.
A moment ago, the Minister set out the significant increase in the number of people being held on remand—I think he said it had increased from 9,000 to 16,000.
What work are the Government doing to address court backlogs?
What steps are being taken to look at other routes for monitoring people who are on remand, who could perhaps serve their remand period in the community under a tagging system?
To correct myself, there are now 16,500 people on remand in the prison population.
On court backlogs, we have increased the investment in our courts and the number of sitting days, and we are seeing progress.
Obviously, courts take the decision on whether to remand or bail someone, and we can help that process by giving the courts the information they need.
We continue to invest in the Bail Information Service, which gives sentencers reassurance about the information they need to make a judgment call about whether someone is safe to be bailed.
We are increasing our investment in the community accommodation service, so that when someone is not bailed because they do not have a stable address, there is an increased opportunity for them to have an address, giving sentencers the opportunity to bail them.
As the Minister and the Chair of the Justice Committee know, I have been in the House long enough to know when something is a sticking plaster.
Perhaps the extension is necessary, but it is a sticking plaster.
How many Queen’s Speeches since 2010 have included a thorough look at the justice system with a royal commission?
That has never happened.
We all know that building prisons does not solve the crisis.
We need radical reform of the whole justice system, which will need extra resources and real motivation from an incoming Labour Government.
Does the Minister agree with me?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, with whom I have occasionally tussled across the Chamber.
I agree with some of what he says.
He will not be surprised that I do not agree with his last statement because, judging by the track record up to 2010, I fear it would be another case of being let down by Labour.
I am grateful for his typically thoughtful comments and his looking at the bigger picture behind the challenges we face.
It is right that we are putting those who commit the most serious crimes in prison for longer to protect society and ensure they pay their debt to society, but it is also important that we look at how we rehabilitate people when they are in prison.
We all want those who have served their time to come out and live their lives, within bounds, in the community, and to be constructive and positive contributors to society.
That is why we are focusing on providing education in prison and getting people into employment.
I am grateful to the Minister for Schools, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Hampshire (Damian Hinds) , for his work and focus on that area, both when he was Secretary of State for Education and as my predecessor.
There are currently measures before Parliament, for example in the Sentencing Bill, that offer the House an opportunity to think about other ways to do things.
Diolch yn fawr iawn, Mr Llefarydd.
This announcement comes after nine prisoners have recently lost their lives in HMP Parc in Bridgend.
The Ministry of Justice says it will not step in.
A private prison in Wales is an unaccountable anomaly that fails everyone—victims and prisoners alike.
While we await the long anticipated devolution of justice, will the Minister tell me why, after 25 years, there is still no clarity over which ombudsman is responsible for health in Parc?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady.
We may disagree in our views on the devolution of justice to Wales, but she raises an important issue about   the deaths in the past few months in HMP and YOI Parc.
I visited Parc recently and spoke to the governor and director, those in custody and those working at Parc.
I have to be cautious about what I say, given that the matter will be before the coroner and the ombudsman.
I will be appearing before the Welsh Affairs Committee next week, when I suspect some of the issues will be debated.
I am happy to have a discussion with the right hon.
Lady, but it is right that I do not stray at the Dispatch Box when these matters are before the coroner and the ombudsman.
I hope the Minister will be happy to have a discussion with the MP whose constituency the prison is in, as well.