This is a perfectly rational, sensible and pragmatic response to the pressures in our prisons, and the Minister should take credit for it.
However, I do ask him to reconsider the point about the transparency of data—precisely because it is a sensible thing to do, there is no reason why we should not release the figures in better time.
But the underlying problem, which all parties in this House must face up to, is that the pressures in our prisons, to which the Justice Committee has repeatedly referred, stem from decades of underfunding by Governments of all parties?
Prison costs £46,000-plus per year for each place, so it is a very expensive way of dealing with people, and not always the best means for handling lower-level offenders.
May we have a more intelligent debate on sentencing and the purpose of prison, and perhaps we could start with the Minister committing to bringing back the sentencing Bill, which would enable us to have a more nuanced approach?
I am grateful to my hon.
and learned Friend for his questions.
He rightly highlights the ongoing capacity challenges and a number of the drivers of those, one being that the average custodial sentence in this country has gone up from 14 months to about 21.
In addition, the remand population has gone up from about 9,000 to some 16,500, partly as a result of the covid backlogs in the courts system and partly as a result of the Bar strike.
On the publication of data, I gently and respectfully refer him to the answer I gave to his Committee and at the Dispatch Box just now.
It is important that alongside recognising the pressures the system is under, we are taking steps to increase capacity, both by increasing the removals of foreign national offenders and doing it at a faster rate, and through having built almost 6,000 new prison places.
That is in stark contrast to the record of the Labour party, which built not one of the 7,500 Titan prison places.
Court backlogs are sky high; prisons are dangerously close to capacity, which is why this policy had to be implemented; and the Government are claiming, as the Minister has just done, to be carrying out a big prison expansion programme, yet their record is appalling.
In 2016, in response to the Taylor review, the Government committed to building two secure schools for young offenders.
Since then, the budget has spiralled out of control and not one of those schools has opened.
Does this not all just prove that the Conservatives cannot be trusted with our justice system?
The hon.
Lady knows that I have a huge amount of respect for her, but even by Lib Dem standards that was stretching the bounds of credibility a little, not least because, as she will be aware, we have built two new prisons.
We also have one in construction and two that have completed planning, and one that is subject to a planning appeal.
As for the secure school, she should look forward to its opening in a matter of days.
Will my right hon.
Friend expand a little on the great improvements being made to increase capacity?
Will he tell us a little more about the progress on ensuring that more foreign national offenders are removed to their own countries?
Will he expand a little, as this seems to be badly understood by Opposition Members from all parties, on quite how much of a prison building programme the Government have?
Will he say something on the number of prisons and the number of spaces that that will create, and on the consequent prospects for the rehabilitation of offenders and, in time, having fewer victims of crime?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that and I pay tribute to his work in the justice system not only in this House, but prior to his being a Member of it.
I believe—I will, of course, correct this if I am slightly out—that about 16,000 FNOs have now been removed.
It is timely that as I say that, my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary appears in the Chamber, so that I can pay tribute to him and his Department for their work on delivering that.
On prison places, I set out to  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  the progress on the six new prisons.
Alongside that, we have built a vast number of rapid deployment cells and new house blocks, so we are expanding our prison  capacity rapidly.
As I say, that stands in stark contrast to the failure to deliver on the Titan prison places by the Labour party.
Napo has said that “the ECSL scheme is an unmitigated failure and has not only been extended without parliamentary scrutiny but represents an increasing risk to public safety”.