As the Minister has already said, the environment is a devolved matter, but nobody seems to have told the River Wye, which rises in Wales and crosses the border to merge into the River Severn in England.
I very much welcome the River Wye action plan, which the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs announced recently.
Has my hon.
Friend seen any action taken by the Welsh Government to match the UK Government’s commitment to cleaning up the polluted River Wye?
In the interests of time, I will give my right hon.
Friend a very short answer: no.
The Welsh Government have failed to come to the table time and time again on this issue, which is close to my heart as a constituency MP for the River Wye.
That has been the missing piece of the puzzle, and it is why we are seeing no action in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on NHS waiting times.
Healthcare is devolved to the Welsh Government, who have received record levels of funding to deliver on all their devolved responsibilities, receiving 20% more funding per person than in England.
So many people in Wales are waiting longer for NHS care than people in England, and in a 12-month period, 40,000 people had to go from Wales to England for elective care.
Does that not show that Labour’s claims to be better for the NHS are completely false?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right: the NHS is not safe in Labour’s hands, and we have living proof of that in Wales.
It is a great shame that when the Secretary of State for Health in England offered the support of the NHS in England to alleviate pressures on waiting times in Wales, the Welsh Health Secretary turned that support down.
That is Labour’s record on the NHS.
One of the problems that a lot of my constituents have raised with me is that when they do get a letter calling them for an appointment—including one for which they have been waiting for some time—that letter arrives after the appointment date, because the Royal Mail is now delivering such an appalling service.
Is it not time that we had a strong word to make sure that people who are being called for appointments get a chance to turn up to them, because they have actually received their letter on time?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and one that I will certainly investigate with colleagues, but I think the problem lies with the mismanagement of the Welsh NHS, for which his party must take responsibility.
What steps he is taking to help support victims of crime in Wales.
The UK Government recognise the importance of victims having access to the support they need to recover from the impact of crime.
That is why we are quadrupling funding for victim services, up from £41 million in 2010.
As a recent victim of crime, I know that one impact on victims is that it makes you reflect on how many crimes remain unsolved.
The latest figures show that nine in 10 crimes in Wales went unsolved in the past six months, so what can the Minister say to the victims of the 82,000 reported crimes that went uncharged last year?
First, may I say how sorry I am to learn that the hon.
Lady has been a victim of crime?
I know the experience she has gone through, and I personally send her my huge sympathies.
This Government have a proud record of delivering for victims of crime, whether through new pieces of legislation or the record headcount of police officers.
Unfortunately, it was the Welsh Government who chose to reduce the number of police community support officers last year, which is having an impact on victims of crime.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we are all victims when senior Labour politicians make false and misleading statements at public inquiries?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is deeply concerning that a First Minister should reveal himself to have acted in such a way, which appears to be entirely contrary.
I look forward to Welsh Labour Members calling for further scrutiny of that issue.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of the steelmaking industry in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of the steelmaking industry in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a range of subjects, including steelmaking in Wales.
The Government are investing £500 million to retain steelmaking at Port Talbot and other Tata sites including Llanwern and Shotton, protecting 5,000 jobs and thousands more in the supply chain while increasing our economic security.
At the same time, the Government have put aside £80 million for the transition board to spend on supporting anyone who loses their job in Port Talbot or in the wider community.
Whether it be the transmission pylons and lines needed to upgrade our power grid as demanded by the Winser report, or the prospect of building steel-based offshore wind platforms, the Welsh steel industry can and should be central to our transition to a net zero nation.
When historic investments in green steel are being made by European competitors, does the Secretary of State recognise that the Government’s lack of ambition for Britain has let thousands of skilled workers down?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point about the importance of making sure there is a grid connection to enable an electric arc furnace to work properly.
I have raised this issue with National Grid, and it has assured me that the grid connection can be made on time.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a second reasonable point about the importance of being able to use steel produced in Port Talbot for floating offshore wind turbines.
That is not the case at the moment because, as some of his Front Benchers seem to be unaware, the steel made in Port Talbot is coil, which is too thin to make those turbines.
However, he will be pleased to know that there are discussions going on with one major investor to try to ensure that the steel produced from the arc furnace can be made in a way that could support floating offshore wind structures.
The sustainability of domestic automotive manufacturing is vital to the future prosperity of Luton’s local economy, so what discussions has the Secretary of State had with the UK’s automotive industry about the effect of losing our sovereign virgin steel production on their supply chain costs?
I have regular discussions with the automotive industry, and I have also had regular discussions with the steel industry across the United Kingdom.
Some 90% of the grades that are currently produced by Port Talbot can be produced using an electric arc furnace, and there is work going on to ensure that the other 10% can be.
May I just remind the hon.
Lady that we actually have a plan for Port Talbot?
When Tata came to us, it was looking to close down Port Talbot and pull out of the United Kingdom, a move that would have cost 8,000 jobs and 12,500 in the wider supply chain.
As a result of that, the UK Conservative Government stepped forward with half a billion pounds of investment to support an electric arc furnace, and a further £80 million to support retraining workers and infrastructure improvements in Port Talbot.
We have had not one single penny from the Welsh Labour Government,  who instead have decided today to prioritise spending £120 million on more Senedd Members.
More Senedd Members or support for steelworkers—I know what my priority is.