If you will indulge me, Mr Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the 25th anniversary this week of Welsh devolution—delivered by a Labour Government.
It has helped to nurture a confident, modern and outward-looking Wales, and Labour Members are proud of it.
Not a single one of the hon.
Members who have raised questions on this issue lives in Wales, and the speed limit is not blanket, as the Secretary of State well knows.
It is a bit like the Conservative councillor in Sunderland who set up anti-20 mph Facebook groups while campaigning for the limit in his own area.
Meanwhile, a mother whose 11-year-old son was hit by a car near his school in Flintshire said that the 20 mph speed limit likely saved his life.
Does the Secretary of State agree that her intervention represents an important endorsement of the Welsh Labour Government’s policy to protect lives, especially children’s lives?
I, too, acknowledge the 25th anniversary of devolution.
We were promised that it would deliver better schools, hospitals and public standards.
What we actually have are the longest waiting lists and the worst educational standards in the United Kingdom, and a First Minister who is willing to take a £200,000 donation from a twice-convicted criminal.
That is the record of 25 years of Labour-run Government in Wales.
I said straightaway that I am in favour of 20 mph limits outside schools, hospitals and other places where there are vulnerable pedestrians.
I do not like the blanket ban that has been imposed as part of the anti-motorist agenda of the Welsh Labour Government.
It is rich of Government Members to chunter about donations.
How much of Mr Frank Hester’s millions is bankrolling the Conservatives’ general election campaign?
This is a man who said that a black woman MP in this House “should be shot”.
On roads, does the Secretary of State agree with his own association deputy chairman, writing in ConservativeHome this week, that politics in Wales is a “cul-de-sac” for the Tory party?
The Welsh public do not like divisive politics, and they do not like Wales being constantly talked down by the Tories.
Is that why they have not won a domestic election in Wales for over a century?
I remind the hon.
Lady that we just got more votes than the Labour party in my constituency of Monmouth in the police and crime commissioner elections.
What people in Wales want is public services, waiting lists and education standards that match what is being delivered by this Conservative Government in England, and standards in public life that reflect what we expect from Members of Parliament in the United Kingdom.
That is not what we are getting under the Welsh Labour Government.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the biodiversity of Welsh rivers and streams.
Water is a devolved matter in Wales, and therefore rivers and streams in Wales are the responsibility of the Welsh Government.
The UK Government recognise that rivers are an essential part of our natural environment.
That is why we are working on the UK national biodiversity strategy and action plan.
Will the Minister fess up to the fact that the real scandal in Wales is that the UK Government keep denigrating a good Welsh Government that in terms of biodiversity and so much else are better than the rest of the UK?
On biodiversity, they are three times better than England.
Is it not about time that we got a few Welsh ideas and Welsh leaders to help us clean up our act and our rivers?
That was a good attempt, but I simply cannot disagree with the hon.
Gentleman more.
It is this Government who forced water companies to provide £56 million towards investment in the storm overflow network, improving water quality across England.
In Wales, the picture could not be more different.
The average number of sewage spills per outflow is 38; in England, it is 23.
Our record speaks for itself.