Thank you, Mr Speaker, for clarifying the sub judice rules in relation to Parc Prison.
MPs across south Wales were disappointed that the urgent question was declined yesterday, but we understand why.
We will continue to seek answers and to scrutinise Ministers over these deeply distressing events, and the way the prison is being run.
Thousands of Pembrokeshire residents continue to have their lives blighted by air pollution and fears about water pollution from the Withyhedge landfill site.
Given that the Ministers in Wales who are responsible for overseeing the public health and the environmental regulatory response both voted last week to block an independent investigation into the financial dealings between the owner of that site and the First Minister, how on earth can my constituents have confidence that their concerns will be addressed impartially and the problems resolved?
My right hon.
Friend lives this issue on a daily basis, and I commend him for highlighting the plight of his constituents, who have to endure the impact of such devastating environmental pollution.
Any way we look at it, this donation stinks, and it is shameful that the Welsh Government are evading scrutiny on the issue.
His constituents can have no confidence that this matter will be investigated.
There is no independent scrutiny here.
Labour Members should explain why they are scared of scrutiny on this question.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Wales What recent assessment he has made of the impact of increases in the cost of living on people in Wales.
The UK Government fully recognise the challenges posed by cost of living pressures that have come about as a result of covid and the invasion of Ukraine.
That is why they have committed to the triple lock on pensions for this Parliament, increased the living wage, benefiting 140,000 people in Wales, and put an average £701 back into the pocket of a typical worker in Wales through national insurance cuts.
The Trussell Trust says that one fifth of people in Wales have cut back on or skipped meals in the last 12 months.
What conversations is the Secretary of State having with supermarkets about holding down the cost of food for customers?
I know that many supermarkets are supporting food banks within their local areas, and the UK Government have certainly supported those with the least by making sure that pensions, benefits and the minimum wage all go up in line with inflation, and making extra payments on top to pensioners, those on benefits and households where there is disability.
However, if the hon.
Lady is truly concerned about cost of living pressures in Wales, perhaps she ought to ask her colleagues in the Welsh Labour Government why, on this very day, Welsh Labour Ministers are supporting a plan to create dozens of extra Senedd Members at a cost of £120 million—all money that could be far better spent on supporting those with the least.
Is the Secretary of State aware of a study by Citizens Advice Cymru indicating that more than half a million people in Wales are struggling to make ends meet?
If he is aware, what is he doing about it?
I have already outlined the extra payments that are being made to pensioners and those on benefits and disability, and the fact that pensions, benefits and the minimum wage have all gone up in line with inflation.
On top of that, the UK Government have delivered five towns funds, four growth deals, three rounds of levelling-up funding, two investment zones, two freeports, an electric arc furnace in south Wales and an electrified rail line in north Wales—and what are we getting from the Welsh Labour Government?
We are getting £120 million spent on extra Senedd Members.
While we level up the economy, they want to level up the number of politicians in Cardiff Bay.