May I begin by also congratulating the fantastic John Swinney on becoming Scotland’s First Minister?
Our opponents should be very careful what they wish for.
As we await the imminent Israeli incursion into Rafah, where 1.2 million people are sheltering, including 600,000 children, it has been reported that the United States has paused an arms shipment to Israel.
The UK will now follow suit, will it not?
The right hon.
Gentleman may not realise that the UK Government do not directly provide or ship arms to Israel.
When it comes to the situation in Rafah, I have been very clear that we are deeply concerned about a full military incursion, given the devastating humanitarian impact; I have made that point specifically to Prime Minister Netanyahu whenever we have spoken.
I will continue to urge all sides to focus on the negotiations at hand, to bring about a pause in the conflict, to release hostages and get more aid in.
Let us be clear: the confidence that Israel has shown in its military ambitions in Rafah stems from the silence of its allies on the Front Benches in this place and elsewhere across the world.
We all know that UK arms and tech are supporting Israel’s activities in Gaza, and will be used in any attack on Rafah.
Knowing that, and the devastation that will occur, surely the time has come to end our complicity and halt arms sales to Israel.
Of course we take our defence export responsibilities extremely seriously.
That is why we operate one of the most robust licensing control regimes anywhere in the world.
We periodically review advice on Israel’s commitment to international humanitarian law, and Ministers always act in accordance with that advice.
That is crystal clear for the House to understand.
Following the most recent assessment, our position on export licences is unchanged.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman will join me in urging all parties to engage in the negotiations, so that we can see a pause in fighting to get more aid in, hostages out and bring about a sustainable ceasefire in this conflict.
My constituents in rural villages and on the fringes of the Grimsby-Cleethorpes urban area are very concerned about overdevelopment.
They recognise that highway infra- structure and public services are already overloaded.
Could my right hon.
Friend consider amending planning guidance, so that local plans and decisions taken by local planning authorities are not overridden by planning inspectors?
They would be greatly encouraged if he would agree to meet me and my colleagues from neighbouring constituencies, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) and my hon.
Friend the Member for Great Grimsby (Lia Nici), to discuss this further.
My hon.
Friend is right that sustainable development must be at the heart of the planning system.
That is why we are committed to meeting housing needs by building the right homes in the right places, and protecting the environmental assets that matter most.
The national planning policy framework is clear that we should be responsive to local circumstances.
I know that the local plan in my hon.
Friend’s area is due for further consultation later this year, and that he will engage with that process, but I will happily meet him and colleagues to discuss the situation further.
The abuse suffered by 88-year-old Ann King at the hands of staff in her care home was captured on a hidden camera.
The footage is stomach churning.
Ann died in October 2022, and it took nearly a year for the Care Quality Commission  to launch a criminal investigation.
Ann’s children are working to protect other care home residents from being subjected to such appalling abuse.
Her son came to see me, as his MP, to ask for my help with their campaign.
Will the Prime Minister join me in backing Ann’s law, a proposal for measures, including a national register, to professionalise the care workforce and hold abusive staff to account?
Will he meet Ann’s family and me to discuss this idea?
Let me first extend my sympathies to Ann’s family for what she went through.
Obviously that is not appropriate, and I will ensure that the Department engages with the right hon.
Gentleman and Ann’s family on the proposed law.
He is right to say that we should have high standards across the care industry, and we are working towards more investment to support our care home staff, making sure that they have training qualifications and development, and that we have a regime that can hold everyone to account for delivering the high standards that we would all expect.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that one of the greatest qualities that those on these Back Benches bring to Westminster is plain old-fashioned common sense?
Derbyshire common sense led the good people of Ashbourne and surrounding villages to reject the Sadiq Khan ULEZ rules, and even the Welsh 20 mph rules.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me, and perhaps ask  his neighbour the Chancellor if he will pay for the Ashbourne bypass?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a dedicated campaigner for the Ashbourne bypass.
The Government are committed to investing more in the midlands, and in particular to putting every penny of the £9.6 billion from High Speed 2 back into the local area.
My hon.
Friend is right: we will focus on drivers and their priorities, rather than continuing the war on motorists that is being waged by the Labour Mayor in London, but also by the Labour party in Wales, with both the ultra low emission zone and 20 mph speed limits.
It is this party that is unashamedly on the side of the motorist.
Our cross-party child of the north all-party parliamentary group found that expectant mothers  were terminating wanted pregnancies because they could  not afford another mouth to feed.
Recent figures show that infant and child death rates have increased in the most deprived areas, and 50 children have died alone in unregulated accommodation.
Is this the Prime Minister’s plan for a brighter Britain in action?
Obviously, what the hon.
Lady has described is a tragedy.
No one wants to see children grow up in those circumstances, and that is why I am proud that since 2010, with a range of measures, the Government have overseen a significant fall in poverty, particularly child poverty.
I will ensure that, for the benefit of her constituents, the hon.
Lady is aware of all the support that is in place—through the Department of Health and Social Care and the Department for Work and Pensions, and through local authorities—for the most vulnerable families in our communities.
Weston-super-Mare is a growing town, so local health services are rightly growing as well.
Weston General Hospital is treating more patients for a wider variety of problems than before, GPs’ surgeries are offering thousands more appointments this year than last, and our new diagnostic centre means faster tests and treatments.
However, there is a fly in our NHS-prescribed ointment: dentistry is not fixed yet.
The new dental recovery plan is very welcome, but when will it mean appointments that Westonians can book?
Our dentistry recovery plan will make dental services faster, simpler and fairer for patients, funding about 2.5 million more appointments.
I was pleased to note that access is improving in my hon.
Friend’s area, with nearly 10% more children seeing a dentist in June last year than in the previous year, but we are going further: the new patient premium that was announced last year is ensuring that more NHS dentistry will be provided, and since then, at the end of January, 500 more practices have said that they are now open to new patients.
It is more than a month since the parliamentary ombudsman delivered the long-awaited report on pension injustices, but women born in the 1950s in my constituency, and indeed in every constituency across these islands, are still waiting to hear whether the UK Government will listen to its recommendations and deliver compensation.
I was proud to see the Scottish Parliament support a motion last week calling for compensation to be delivered without delay, but utterly dismayed to see members of both the Conservative party and the Labour party abstain.
Can the Prime Minister finally tell us when the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—the WASPI women—will receive the compensation that they rightly deserve?
I understand the strong feelings across the Chamber about this topic, and the desire for urgency in addressing them.
However, following the ombudsman’s five-year investigation, it is imperative that we take the time to conduct a thorough review of the comprehensive findings that have been published.
An update will be given to the House once those findings have been fully considered.
More broadly, we are committed to ensuring that pensioners have the dignity and security in retirement that they deserve.
Most recently, we increased the state pension by £900 a year, thanks to the triple lock.
Is the Prime Minister as appalled as I am by reports of militant civil servant and trade union political activists seeking to find ways not to implement the Rwanda deportations?
Does he agree that if they are not prepared to implement the will of the Government and an Act of Parliament that was passed by both Houses, they should conclude that being in the civil service is perhaps not for them?
Maybe they can look for alternative employment at other left-wing organisations that masquerade as  being impartial.
Maybe they could try the BBC or “Channel 4 News”.
My expectation is that civil servants will continue to be committed to supporting our priority of stopping the boats, and will deliver, in accordance with the civil service code.
My hon.
Friend will know that we made specific changes to ensure compliance with that code as we push through with our plans.
More broadly, I agree with him that we are the only party that has a plan to stop the boats.
We will face down all the obstacles in our way to deliver on this crucial priority for the British people, whoever stands in our way—whether it is the Labour party or others.
We will deliver for this country on this vital issue.
China has now hacked the data of defence personnel, the Electoral Commission and various other public institutions, and has targeted many Members of this House, yet plans by China’s largest wind turbine manufacturer, Ming Yang Smart Energy, to build its largest European facility right here in the UK advance at pace.
The facility is set to be built in Scotland.
Given widely shared concerns about the involvement of hostile states such as China in the UK’s critical national energy infrastructure, does the Prime Minister not agree that now is the time for this project to be paused and reviewed by the Government on national security grounds?
If not, what message does he think that sends?
As I have said repeatedly, China is a country with different values from ours, and is acting in a way that is increasingly authoritarian at home and assertive abroad.
It is right that we take firm steps to protect ourselves against that, particularly in the area of economic security.
This Government passed the National Security and Investment Act 2021 precisely so that we can screen transactions—without commenting on individual ones, of course—to protect this country.
We have used those powers, not least to block Chinese investment in a sensitive semiconductor company, but also to ensure that the Chinese state nuclear company had no part in the future of our nuclear plan.
The hon.
Gentleman can rest assured that we are alive to the challenges, and have passed laws that give us the powers to protect against them.
Five-year-old Benedict Blythe was a lovely little boy who attended a primary school in my constituency.
Sadly, he died of anaphylaxis, a severe allergic reaction.
The coroner’s inquest has not yet reported, but on average, two children in every class have a food allergy, and more allergic reactions take place in school than in other setting outside the home.
Severe allergic reactions are on the rise and can be fatal, yet there is no explicit legal requirement for schools to have allergy medication and an allergy policy, or for other recommended safeguards to be made available; there is only guidance.
Will the Prime Minister meet me and Benedict’s parents, Helen and Pete, so that we can discuss a way forward to ensure that children who suffer from allergies can be safer in school, including by ensuring that schools have an allergy policy, adrenalin pens, and staff who know how to use them?
First, may I extend my sympathy to Benedict’s family?
It is always tragic to hear about the loss of a child.
We fully understand the seriousness  of severe allergies, and believe that children with medical conditions should be properly supported to enjoy a full education and be safe at school.
There is a legal duty on the governing body of schools to make arrangements for supporting pupils, including setting out what needs to be done, symptoms and treatment, but I will ensure that my right hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the Health Secretary to discuss how we could further support pupils with serious allergies.
Yesterday, the Chancellor confirmed that it is Government policy to abolish national insurance, at a £46 billion annual cost, with no indication of where the money will come from.
Can the Prime Minister rule out further freezes in tax allowances or an 8p increase in income tax to pay for it?
That is total nonsense, and of course I rule that out.
There is no unfunded policy.
What we have said is that we have a long-term ambition to keep cutting national insurance to end the unfairness of the double taxation on work.
We will make progress towards that goal in the next Parliament, just as we already have in this one by cutting national insurance by a third in six months, delivering a £900 tax cut, at the same time as increasing investment in the NHS and increasing the state pension.
It is increasingly clear what this reveals: the Labour party opposes tax cuts for working people.
Empowering local pharmacies is a key part of this Government’s plan to cut waiting lists.
In Guildford, we have recently lost two neighbouring pharmacies, but there is good news.
I am pleased to report that, by working diligently with local pharmacists, concerned residents, the Minister and the integrated care board, I have helped to secure a new pharmacy in Burpham.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming this new pharmacy and does he agree that it is vital that residents should have access to a good, efficient and, above all, local pharmacy?
I care deeply about the future of our community pharmacies, and I am pleased to hear about my hon.
Friend’s success in securing a new one for her constituents, joining the 10,500 others across the country.
She is right about the important role that our local pharmacies can play, and that is why we are backing them with £645 million of additional funding through Pharmacy First, so that people can now go straight to their pharmacist and receive treatment for seven of the most common ailments, saving patients’ time and ensuring that they get the care they need quicker and closer to home.
Last Friday,  reported major structural deficiencies at Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport.
Stepping Hill’s major out-patients building, the radiology department and the critical care unit have all been condemned.
In March, I met with senior officials at Stockport NHS Trust and they were clear that a sustained lack of capital investment was the root cause of problems at my local hospital.
Does the Prime Minister believe that our hospitals quite literally crumbling is the price worth paying for 14 years of successive Conservative failure?
We fully recognise the need to invest in health infrastructure across the country, including at Stepping Hill Hospital.
That is why we are currently spending around £4 billion a year for trusts to spend on necessary maintenance and repairs, on top of the £20 billion new hospital programme and the additional funding that was put aside to deal with RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete——maintenance.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a legacy of the NHS; all he needs to do is look at his party’s record in Wales, where people are currently experiencing the worst A&E performance and the longest wait times anywhere in Great Britain.
Nottingham City Council is expecting to fall short of its housing target by 6,000 new homes.
Last time this happened, Rushcliffe, as a neighbouring authority, was forced to take thousands of homes on top of its own housing target, which led to huge pressures on our green spaces and public services.
Can my right hon.
Friend reassure me and my constituents that the changes we have made to the planning system will mean that this time we will be protected from Labour’s failure in Nottingham?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
While on this side of the House the Conservatives believe in building the right homes in the right places with local people having a say, all that Labour would do is impose top-down housing targets on areas, decimating our precious countryside.
In Nottinghamshire, as she says, we can see the difference between the well-run Conservative county council and the bankrupt Nottingham Council, which has left residents to pick up the bill for its profligacy.
Untreated sewage was pumped into English waterways for more than 3.6 million hours last year, and into the sea off Sussex beaches three times in the last 24 hours alone, yet since privatisation the water companies have been allowed to rack up debts of over £64 billion and their shareholders have been allowed to pocket £78 billion in dividends.
The majority of the public, including 58% of Conservative supporters and 80% of Labour supporters, want to turf out of the profiteering polluters.
They want water brought back into public hands.
When is the Prime Minister going to listen to them and end the legalised scam of privatisation?
Our plans to tackle this go further than those of any previous Government.
In fact, we now monitor 100% of overflows, up from just 7% under the Labour party; we are investing a record £56 billion into our water infrastructure; and we have enshrined strict targets in law and introduced unlimited fines for water companies, holding them and their bosses to account.
It is crystal clear.
The record shows that only one party has a clear plan to tackle this issue for the environment: the Conservative party.
Everybody knows that Stockton is a great place with great people and a great football team.
My right hon.
Friend recently visited the mighty Stockton Town to see the incredible work they do in the local community, and he heard about their promotion battle.
I am sure that he will want to join me in congratulating Micky Dunwell and the mighty Anchors on their promotion.
It was fantastic to visit Stockton Town football club with my hon.
Friend, who is a brilliant champion for his local community, which I see at first hand on a weekly basis.
I join him in congratulating  everyone at the club on their well-deserved promotion, and I hope that some of their good luck rubs off on Southampton in the coming weeks.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if he will make a statement on the expansion of the end of custody supervised licence scheme.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question.
Protecting the public is our No. 1 priority, so it is right that we take tough and decisive action to keep putting the most serious offenders behind bars, and for longer, as the public rightly expect.
We are carrying out the biggest prison expansion programme since the Victorian era, and we are ramping up removals of foreign national offenders.
We have a duty to ensure that the prison system continues to operate safely and effectively, with offenders held in safe and decent conditions.
This means ensuring that no prison exceeds a safe maximum operating limit.
ECSL allows lower-level offenders to be released before their automatic release date.
In March, the Lord Chancellor stated that we will “work with the police, prisons and probation leaders to make further adjustments as required.”—[Official
Report,  12 March 2024 ; Vol. 747, c. 157.]
This extension is in line with what he said.
ECSL operates only when absolutely necessary and is kept under constant review.
I know that many Members of this House will be concerned about the early release of offenders into the community, but I make it clear that only offenders who would soon be released anyway will be considered for ECSL.
We have put in place safeguards, including that the Prison Service retains the discretion to prevent the ECSL release of any offender where early release presents a higher risk than if they were released at their automatic release date.
There are strict eligibility criteria, and anyone convicted of a sexual offence, a terrorist offence or a serious violence offence is ruled out.
Public safety will always be our No. 1 priority, and all those released will still be subject to probation supervision and stringent licence conditions.
Here we go again.
Never in this country have a Government been forced to release prisoners more than two months early.
This is the price that the public are paying for a justice system in crisis and a Government in freefall.
The early release scheme has now undergone three major extensions in just six months: it was quietly started in October, when the Government began releasing prisoners up to 18 days early; in March it was slipped out that it had been expanded from 18 to 60 days; and now it has emerged through a media leak that it has been extended once again, this time to 70 days.
Worst of all, the Government are doing all of this in secret.
They have not responded to any freedom of information requests, parliamentary questions or even the Justice Committee with any useful details about this scheme.
The Government are releasing prisoners but not the facts.
The strategy is clear for all to see: say nothing, try to get away with it and get to the other side of the general election.
It is shameless and, frankly, a disgrace.
The public and this House rightly expect the Minister to be transparent and honest, so let us see whether he will answer these basic and simple questions.
Why the increase of early release to 70 days?
How many offenders have been released in the six months since the scheme became operational?
How will they ensure that the probation service has the time and resources to adequately assess risk and protect the public?
And will he give a guarantee to the House today that this secretive scheme will not be extended again?
I am grateful to the shadow Secretary of State for her question and would gently say a number of things to her.
First, she suggests we were sneaking this out in October and March; that included statements to this House and was entirely transparent.
On the hon.
Lady’s party’s record
, it operated an early release scheme for three years between 2007 and 2010, which leaves her on rather shaky ground.
She talked about a media leak.
This was an operational decision with operational guidance sent out to His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service and prison governors as well as other stakeholders, including, if I recall correctly, the probation union, for a minor change that was already reflected in the points made by my right hon.
and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Justice in March to this House.
The hon.
Lady talked about data.
The Secretary of State has been consistently clear that we will publish the data on an annualised basis, in exactly the same way as we do, for example, for deaths in custody and supplementary breakdowns of the prison population.
We have been clear that we will always ensure that the prisons system has the spaces for the courts to be able to send people to prison.
We are making an appropriate operational decision to ensure that continues to be the case.
The hon.
Lady also rightly asked about probation, and I suspect that in our exchanges the one thing on which we might find ourselves in agreement is paying tribute to those who work in our probation service.
As she will know, since 2021 we have increased the budget for the service by £155 million, with 4,000 additional probation officers in training.
We have worked with the leadership of our probation service on this scheme and the probation union was one of the bodies we notified on the changes to the operational guidance.