Souror Humpton is receiving the 2025 Institute for

Excellence in Sales Jay Nussbaum Rising Sales Star award.
She

is a Federal Account sales leader at Oracle Corporation.
Jack Daly is receiving the 2025 Institute for Excellence in

Sales Speaker of the Year award.
Jack Daly is the king of

street-tested methods about smart selling.
With a remarkable

30 plus year track record in sales, executive, and

entrepreneurial positions, has been called the best

professional sales trainer in America.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in recognizing Anthony

Robbins, Beth McGrath, Kristina Bouweiri, Jessica Scott, Souror

Humpton, and Jack Daly for their innovative and effective leadership

and congratulating them on being recipients of the 2025 IES Sales

Excellence Awards.
I wish them the best in all of their future

endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FALL OF SAIGON

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 50th

Anniversary of the Fall of Saigon.
April 30, 2025, marks 50 years since the pivotal moment that signaled

both the end of the Vietnam War and the beginning of a new chapter for

millions of Vietnamese refugees--many of whom have made extraordinary

contributions to communities across the United States, particularly in

Northern Virginia.
On April 30, 1975, the world watched as the city of Saigon fell.
For

many, it marked a day of loss, of country, of family, and of home.
Yet

it also marked the beginning of a remarkable story of resilience,

strength, and hope.
In the years that followed, hundreds of thousands fled Vietnam in

search of liberty and opportunity, many finding a new beginning here in

the United States.
Northern Virginia is home to one of the largest and most vibrant

Vietnamese American communities in the country.
Places like the Eden Center stand as a testament of the rich cultural

heritage and entrepreneurial spirit.
The businesses, traditions, and values the Vietnamese American

community upholds continue to enrich our region and make invaluable

contributions.
The Vietnamese American community's story is one of perseverance,

courage, and hope.
Their contributions have made our communities

stronger and better.
Their journey embodies the ideals we hold dear: perseverance through

hardship, strength in adversity, and an enduring hope for a better

future.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this history,

paying tribute to the lives lost and forever changed, and reaffirming

our commitment to the universal values of freedom, democracy, and human

dignity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CHARTERING OF THE FAIRFAX COUNTY CHAPTER OF THE TOP

LADIES OF DISTINCTION, INC.
HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

distinguished service organization, Top Ladies of Distinction, Inc.

(TLOD), and to celebrate the chartering of their Fairfax County

Chapter.
The story of Top Ladies of Distinction, Inc. began in 1964 with a

simple lunch invitation.
When Mrs. Willie Lee Glass was unable to

attend a luncheon hosted by Mrs. Lyndon Baines Johnson, she asked Major

Ozell M. Dean to attend in her place.
Inspired by what she witnessed at

that gathering, Major Dean reached out to Mrs. Glass and other

distinguished Texas women to explore the possibility of forming an

organization dedicated to addressing the challenges faced by youth in

their communities.
From its inaugural meeting on June 4, 1964, at Texas College in

Tyler, Texas, TLOD has grown into a renowned national service

organization with 135 chapters and over 5,300 members across the

country.
Their mission has expanded to include service initiatives for

youth, women, senior citizens, community beautification, and strategic

partnerships.
A cornerstone of their efforts remains the Top Teens of America (TTA)

program, which provides young people with educational, social,

cultural, and economic development opportunities.
Today, more than

3,200 Top Teens benefit from this vital program.