Title: CELEBRATING GEORGE PERRY'S 103RD BIRTHDAY AND HONORING HIS SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY AND COMMUNITY; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
72

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING GEORGE PERRY'S 103RD BIRTHDAY AND HONORING HIS SERVICE TO

HIS COUNTRY AND COMMUNITY

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate George Perry

on his 103rd birthday and for his longstanding service to his country

and the York County community.
You would be hard pressed to find a better representative of York

County than Mr. George Perry.
He has served his country, his community,

and is still active in the running of his family's business.
George

Perry was born on his family's dairy farm in York, Pennsylvania in

1922.
Since then, Perry has become an icon in the community as the head

of his family's thriving business, Perrydell Farms.
Perrydell Farms

produces fresh milk and ice cream made, all of which is made on site.
Not only is Perry a veteran of the dairy industry but also World War

II.
He left college in 1943 to join the Army and fight in the Pacific.
After the war, Mr. Perry took over Perrydell Farms in 1949 with his

brother.
Together, they helped to establish Perrydell as a local one-

stop-shop for fresh, high-quality milk and ice cream.
In his 103 years,

Mr. Perry has seen a great deal of change in agriculture in York

County.
One constant throughout that time has been Perrydell Farms,

which celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2023.
Perrydell's long and storied history in York County is due in large

part to the work of George Perry, who over his more than a century of

life has pursued a mission of providing quality products to his

community.
Perrydell Farms is now run by Mr. Perry's three sons, Tom,

Greg, and Chip.
Despite no longer running the farm, George is regarded

as the farm's patriarch, an invaluable member of the farm and family's

history in the dairy industry.
It is with great enthusiasm that I congratulate Mr. Perry on his

103rd birthday, his service to our country, and his success as a

business owner.
His stewardship of Perrydell Farms has allowed it to

remain a staple of the community, and I hope for their continued

success for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING LINDA LARSON ON HER GRADUATION FROM INVER HILLS

COMMUNITY COLLEGE

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Linda Larson on

fulfilling her lifelong dream of completing her college education.
Linda graduated with an Associate's Degree with an emphasis on

political science from Inver Hills Community College.
She also

graduated as part of Phi Beta Kappa.
Linda grew up on a small farm near Ruthton, Minnesota.
As the

daughter of a tenant farmer, Linda learned early on the challenges and

instability farmers face in trying to earn a living.
This informed her

work at the Minnesota Farmers Union (MFU), where she has advocated for

affordable healthcare and the needs of family farmers.
Additionally,

Linda has been a strong leader for women in farming.
In 2013, she

helped reestablish the MFU Women's Conference and later received the

2013 MFU Leadership Excellence award along with her husband, Brian.
She

is the current president of the Dakota County Farmers Union and

regularly attends Farmers Union events at the local, state and national

level.
I know Linda through her work on my Farmers Advisory Council, which

she has been a member of since I came to Congress in 2019.
Linda has

provided invaluable feedback to my work on agriculture policy as I've

fought to ensure family farmers have a strong farm safety net.
I look

forward to our continued collaboration to pass a bipartisan farm bill.
I congratulate Linda on her graduation and thank her for her service

to our community.