We thank Victoria for her leadership and making such a positive,

lasting change in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 1, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 6

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Anthony

Tata, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Personnel

and Readiness, and Katherine Sutton, of Illinois, to be

an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of

Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for Library of Congress and the

Architect of the Capitol.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine field of streams, focusing on

the new channel guide for sports fans.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and

Drug Administration, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Agriculture.
11:30 a.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine veterans at the forefront,

focusing on the future at VA.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine S. 1462, to improve forest

management activities on National Forest System land,

public land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of

Land Management, and Tribal land to return resilience

to overgrown, fire-prone forested land.
MAY 8

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine winning the AI race, focusing

on strengthening United States capabilities in

computing and innovation.
MAY 12

3:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To receive a closed briefing on space superiority.