Linda has

provided invaluable feedback to my work on agriculture policy as I've

fought to ensure family farmers have a strong farm safety net.
I look

forward to our continued collaboration to pass a bipartisan farm bill.
I congratulate Linda on her graduation and thank her for her service

to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRINCIPAL MARKISHA STOVALL

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today, the 12th Congressional District honors

an exceptional leader within our community: Principal Markisha Stovall

of Madison Carver Academy.
Her unwavering dedication to her students,

their families, and our community embodies the very essence of

exemplary public service.
Born and raised in Detroit, Principal Stovall's resilient life story

includes overcoming the loss of her mother to addiction, her father's

incarceration, and being raised by her grandmother with five siblings.
Despite these hardships, she graduated from Michigan State University

and, as a single mother, became an educator to uplift all children.
Serving as the Principal of Madison Carver Academy, her leadership

has yielded transformative results: a significant 33 percent surge in

enrollment, an impressive 99 percent average attendance rate, the

establishment of over 20 enriching student clubs, and the

implementation of crucial wraparound services to support families

facing crises.
The 12th Congressional District honors her leadership and commitment

to our students and community.
I congratulate her on all her

accomplishments.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRIVATE JAMES ``STANLEY'' MITCHELL

HON.
DOUG LaMALFA

Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great American

hero, Private James ``Stanley'' Mitchell, who volunteered to serve our

great Nation in World War II and died 82 years ago in a Japanese POW

camp in Luzon, Philippines.
Private Mitchell's remains were located and

identified and have been returned to his family, a testament of his

courage and sacrifice.
Private Mitchell was born in Joplin, Missouri on October 2, 1917.
The

family would move frequently during his early life, eventually settling

down in Hamilton City, California.
On March 4, 1941, Private Mitchell enlisted in the United States Army

and was deployed as part of the 31st Infantry Regiment on assignment to

Clark Field in Luzon, Philippines.
Ten months after his initial

deployment to the Philippines, Imperial Japanese Forces would bomb

Pearl Harbor, bringing the United States and all her territories into

World War II.
Japanese forces begin a full-scale invasion of Luzon,

Philippines on December 22, 1941.
The 31st Infantry Regiment stood

defiant and courageous against overwhelming Japanese forces until their

surrender on April 9, 1942.
Private Mitchell joined approximately 72,000 American and Filipino

prisoners of war (POW) on a 65-mile march known as the Bataan Death

March.
These brave souls endured torture, starvation, disease and

ultimately death at the hands of the Japanese forces.
By the end of the

march, only approximately 52,000 American and Filipino POWs remained

live.
Private Mitchell and many surviving POWs would be held at the

Cabanatuan POW Camp.
Conditions would not improve for these courageous

men.
On January 7, 1943, Private Mitchell succumbed to starvation and

disease, dying at a weight of only 70 pounds.
Private Mitchell was

buried in one of the many mass graves at the camp.
The Cabanatuan POW Camp would be liberated on January 30, 1945, with

only 489 POWs remaining alive.
Unfortunately, 2,656 brave American POWs

had lost their lives at the camp.
Private Mitchell was the first World War II casualty from Hamilton

City.
His status as a POW brought great sadness and pain to his family.
The news of his death brought devastation to his parents and family.
His remains were exhumed and identified in September of 2024.
Private

Mitchell's remains were brought home to the United States on May 3,

2025, and he will be laid to rest between his parents at the Los

Molinos Cemetery, in Northern California.
Private Mitchell's story and sacrifice will not be forgotten.