American partnership has never been more important with the world's

oldest democracy allied with the world's largest democracy.
An excellent analysis of this energy achievement was provided in the

daily Threat Status newsletter from The Washington Times on April 28,

2025, by Vijay Jayaraj of the CO2 Coalition in Fairfax, Virginia:

opinion

In a landmark move that may well redefine the future of

U.S.-India trade relations and global energy geopolitics,

Vice President J.D. Vance announced a new trade deal with

India.
The day after he met with Indian Prime Minister

Narendra Modi on April 21, Mr. Vance said the two countries

had ``officially finalized the terms of reference for the

trade negotiation.''
The deal, initiated against the backdrop of President

Trump's tariff threats, could be a masterstroke of economic

diplomacy.
Mr. Trump's announcement of a 90-day pause on

reciprocal tariffs, which could have raised duties on Indian

exports, gave India a window to negotiate.
The energy economics of this deal and its potential to

reshape the global market for fossil fuels are fascinating.
In his announcement, Mr. Vance declared, ``We want to sell

more energy to India and also help it explore its resources,

including offshore natural gas reserves and critical mineral

supplies.''
The arrangement could propel India toward its long-standing

goal of energy surplus.
This feat appeared daunting, perhaps

impossible, against the nation's projections for a massive

increase in demand, the fastest-growing among major economies

for the next two decades.
Let's get it straight: India has a long way to go before it

even contemplates reducing its consumption of hydrocarbons.
Even a middle-class Indian like me residing in a major city

experiences power blackouts regularly, which is precisely why

the nation has postponed net-zero ambitions to a distant

2070.
Even the documents for the country's participation in

the nutty United Nations Paris Agreement prioritize domestic

energy security over international climate diplomacy.
India's reliance on imported energy, which includes more

than 85% of its crude oil and roughly 50% of its natural gas,

poses a strategic vulnerability.
The government aims to more

than double natural gas' share of the energy mix to 15% by

2030.
U.S. liquefied natural gas suppliers have surpassed the

United Arab Emirates to become India's second-largest LNG

supplier, trailing only Qatar.
A key player in this unfolding saga is GAIL Ltd., India's

state-owned natural gas company.
On April 11, GAIL issued a

tender to procure 1 million metric tons per annum of LNG from

an existing or new U.S. LNG liquefaction project, with

operations commencing by 2030.
The agreement, potentially

extendable by five to 10 years, signals India's commitment to

U.S. supplies.
GAIL had to stall a similar process in 2023 to buy a stake

in a U.S. LNG plant after President Biden banned export

permits for LNG projects.
The ban was lifted only after the

Trump administration returned to the White House.
The timing of the upcoming deal is notable, strengthening

India's position as a counterweight to China.
The Quad

alliance--comprising the U.S., India, Japan and Australia--

gains heft as India bolsters its energy security and economic

clout.
As Mr. Vance emphasized, the U.S. willingness to share

technology and expertise could enhance Indian autonomy,

reducing reliance on adversarial suppliers.
This alignment is

particularly crucial as China intensifies its trade outreach

in Southeast Asia and seeks to blunt the effect of U.S.

tariffs.
The Western media will decry the expansion of fossil fuel

trading as a climate catastrophe, as though that would

resonate with a serious person.
The U.S.-India deal wisely

eschews climate moralizing and embraces a symbiotic truth:

America's shale boom and India's hunger for energy perfectly

match.
This deal reaffirms energy sovereignty.
Perhaps it marks

the beginning of a global recalibration, in which nations

rediscover the courage to assert their right to energy

abundance and economic self-determination without apologizing

to the corrupt and decrepit climate cartel of Brussels, Davos

and U.N. corridors.