To earn

the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify

and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead

a team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1-2 years, Gold Award Girl

Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and leadership,

distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their resourcefulness and

perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to truly make the world a

better place.
Krysta's project, ``BAT-vocate: Appreciation and Awareness for

Bats,'' in partnership with The City of North Port, North Port School

District, The Environmental Conservancy of North Port, Peace River

Wildlife Center, Girl Scouts of Gulf Coast Florida, was an excellent

endeavor to address the issue of bat endangerment, conservancy, and

awareness in our community.
Krysta took action by constructing 26

sustainable bat habitats across Bradenton, North Port, and Ft.
Myers to

support endangered bat populations.
She led educational workshops for

Girl Scouts and community members on bat conservation and successfully

petitioned the City of North Port to establish a Bat Awareness Day.
Additionally, she collaborated with the council to develop a Girl Scout

badge curriculum, ensuring ongoing education on bat conservation.
Her

efforts will have a lasting positive impact on the community.
It is an

honor to represent brave individuals like Tigran Gambaryan in Congress,

and I celebrate his return home to his wife Yuki and their two young

children.
God bless their family.
On behalf of the 17th Congressional District of Florida,

congratulations to Krysta Fowler for achieving the highest distinction

in Girl Scouts, the Gold Award.
We thank Krysta for her leadership and

making such a positive, lasting change in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2025 INSTITUTE FOR EXCELLENCE IN SALES AND DEVELOPMENT

AWARD RECIPIENTS

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 2025 recipients of

the IES Sales Excellence Awards presented by the institute for

Excellence in Sales & Business Development.
IES was created to foster excellence in business sales and

development practices and to help sales professionals and organizations

maximize their efforts.
Each year, IES recognizes individuals, teams,

and organizations who demonstrate exemplary performance through

leadership, risk taking, innovation, vision, and customer development.
I am proud to include in the Record the following awardees:

Anthony Robbins is receiving the 15th Institute for

Excellence in Sales Lifetime Achievement Award.
Anthony was

the Senior Vice President, Federal Sales for NVIDIA.
He has

been responsible for supporting federal customers and their

missions, providing the technology and expertise needed to

transform and improve their operations.
The Honorable Beth McGrath is Deloitte's Global Leader for

Government and Public Services and is the 9th recipient of

the IES Women in Sales Leadership award.
In her role she is

committed to strengthening synergies across global Industries

and Government and Public Services with a focus on client

mission needs and solutions.
Kristina Bouweiri is receiving the 2025 IES Entrepreneurial

Sales Leader of the Year and serves as president, CEO and

sole owner of Reston Limousine and Travel Service Inc.

Kristina has built a globally recognized transportation

business with a combination of innovative spirit, shrewd

adaptation and a tireless dedication to diversity and

international understanding.
Jessica Scott is receiving the 2025 Institute for

Excellence in Sales Partner of the Year award.
Jessica Scott

is a senior team lead and corporate new hire coach at

Carahsoft.
She runs the IES partnership for Carahsoft and for

dozens of their partners.
A graduate of the IES Women in

Sales Leadership Forum, she is a tireless advocate for her

sales team and Carahsoft's technology partners.
Souror Humpton is receiving the 2025 Institute for

Excellence in Sales Jay Nussbaum Rising Sales Star award.
She

is a Federal Account sales leader at Oracle Corporation.
Jack Daly is receiving the 2025 Institute for Excellence in

Sales Speaker of the Year award.