His remains were exhumed and identified in September of 2024.
Private

Mitchell's remains were brought home to the United States on May 3,

2025, and he will be laid to rest between his parents at the Los

Molinos Cemetery, in Northern California.
Private Mitchell's story and sacrifice will not be forgotten.
His

legacy and impact to our community will continue to be felt.
His return

will bring closure to his family.
God bless Private Mitchell and

welcome home.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ELON LOUISE WILLIAMS

HON.
JONATHAN L. JACKSON

Mr. JACKSON of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

remarkable life of Elon Louise Williams, a woman whose dedication to

her family and community left an enduring legacy.
Mrs. Williams was born on July 14, 1930, to Melvina and Hayden Owens.
She had one brother, Yeoman Owens, who preceded her in death.
She lived

in Harvey, Illinois and was from Milton, Florida.
Mrs. Williams was a woman of strength and devotion.
She shared over

60 years of life and love with her beloved husband, the late Sylvester

E. Williams, whom she married on January 6, 1950.
Together, they raised four children: Alan Williams, Dale Williams,

Vera Williams and Janet Williams, all who attended college.
Their

family was built on love and mutual respect.
For over three decades, Mrs. Williams faithfully served her community

as a mail sorter for the United States Postal Service.
She often worked

long hours diligently ensuring our local postal operations ran

smoothly.
She was more than a mail sorter, however.
With her consistent

presence and friendly nature, she was a source of connection for those

in her community.
Her commitment to her work and the genuine care she

had for her community earned her numerous commendations from both her

colleagues and her community.
Mrs. Williams's positive influence extended throughout her community.
She was known for her generosity, always ready to offer a helping hand

or a word of encouragement.
She made a difference in countless lives,

often in deeply meaningful ways.
Beyond her career, Mrs. Williams was the cornerstone of her family.
She provided unwavering love, support and guidance, shaping the lives

of her children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren.
Her wisdom and

kindness created a lasting impact that will be felt for generations.
While we mourn her passing, we take solace in knowing her legacy will

extend far beyond her years on earth.
Her kind spirit will live on in

the lives of those she touched, and we will not soon forget her

incredible deeds and generosity.
I thank Mrs. Elon Louise Williams, for

her years of unwavering service.
May she rest in peace.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the life of

Mrs. Elon Louise Williams.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INDIA-U.S. DEAL SIGNALS ENERGY SOVEREIGNTY

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, last week, Vice President

J.D. Vance with his Indian-American wife Usha, achieved a global

recalibration for energy independence meeting with America's

appreciated ally Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
It is an extraordinary recognition of the positive impact of Indian-

Americans that the Second Lady of America is an Indian-American

herself.
American partnership has never been more important with the world's

oldest democracy allied with the world's largest democracy.
An excellent analysis of this energy achievement was provided in the

daily Threat Status newsletter from The Washington Times on April 28,

2025, by Vijay Jayaraj of the CO2 Coalition in Fairfax, Virginia:

opinion

In a landmark move that may well redefine the future of

U.S.-India trade relations and global energy geopolitics,

Vice President J.D. Vance announced a new trade deal with

India.
The day after he met with Indian Prime Minister

Narendra Modi on April 21, Mr. Vance said the two countries

had ``officially finalized the terms of reference for the

trade negotiation.''