The U.S.-India deal wisely

eschews climate moralizing and embraces a symbiotic truth:

America's shale boom and India's hunger for energy perfectly

match.
This deal reaffirms energy sovereignty.
Perhaps it marks

the beginning of a global recalibration, in which nations

rediscover the courage to assert their right to energy

abundance and economic self-determination without apologizing

to the corrupt and decrepit climate cartel of Brussels, Davos

and U.N. corridors.
May the new world order feature developing nations standing

for their futures and rejecting the false campaign of

planetary salvation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DEREK TRAN

Mr. TRAN.
Mr. Speaker, when attempting to cast my vote on April 29,

2025 for S. 146--the TAKE IT DOWN Act, my voting card did not properly

record my vote.
Had my voting card been functioning properly, I would

have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
104.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING GOLD AWARD GIRL SCOUT RECIPIENTS

HON.
SCOTT FITZGERALD

Mr. FITZGERALD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to

join me in congratulating several remarkable Girl Scouts from

Wisconsin's 5th Congressional District for demonstrating leadership,

creativity, and a commitment to making a lasting impact by earning the

most prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts help their communities and the world by

identifying a community need, investigating it, devising a plan, and

leading a team of experts and community members to implement a project

that produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1 to 2 years, Gold

Award Girl Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and

leadership, distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their

resourcefulness and perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to

make the world a better place.
Mr. Speaker, I offer my congratulations to the following outstanding

young women:

Ayla Abraham, Troop 6249

Sophia Ayer, Troop 8017

Angela Brandes, Troop 4796

Mia Bremner, Individually Registered Member

Madeline Bruss, Troop 8329

Abigail Connett, Troop 4801

Anissa Griffith, Troop 4633

Alexandra Higbee, Troop 4569

Jenna Jegl, Troop 6239

Rayna Jellish, Troop 9300

Katelyn Kosfeld, Troop 8093

Gracie Lochowicz, Troop 4801

Tatiana Mamalakis, Troop 8004

Sarah Marcheske, Troop 8329

Lauren Munson, Troop 4796

Zoe Peterson, Troop 8017

Kylie Rich, Troop 4801

Megan Schatz, Troop 4679

Skylar Smith, Troop 4333

Samantha Sroka, Troop 8093

Sydney Vande Hei, Troop 4582

Sydney Zarske, Troop 8004

Eleanor Zgonc, Troop 8004

Mr. Speaker, I commend these Girl Scouts on their incredible

accomplishment, and thank them for all the work they have done in

service of communities across Wisconsin's 5th Congressional District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KRYSTA FOWLER, GOLD AWARD

HON.
W. GREGORY STEUBE

Mr. STEUBE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me

in congratulating Krysta Fowler.
Krysta is an individually registered

member of Girl Scouts of Gulf Coast Florida and has exemplified

extraordinary leadership, innovative problem-solving, and a

demonstrated commitment to making a lasting, positive impact, by

earning the most prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts are recognized as trailblazers who are willing

to tackle the most pressing challenges facing their communities and the

world with measurable, sustainable, and far-reaching results.
To earn

the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify

and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead

a team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1-2 years, Gold Award Girl

Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and leadership,

distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their resourcefulness and

perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to truly make the world a

better place.