Their mission has expanded to include service initiatives for

youth, women, senior citizens, community beautification, and strategic

partnerships.
A cornerstone of their efforts remains the Top Teens of America (TTA)

program, which provides young people with educational, social,

cultural, and economic development opportunities.
Today, more than

3,200 Top Teens benefit from this vital program.
Now, in 2025, the Fairfax County Chapter joins this legacy of service

under the leadership of:

Amber R. Talbert, President

Dr. Charlotte Lofton, 1st Vice President

Millisa Lucas Gary, 2nd Vice President

Angel Lungelow Cooper, Recording Secretary

Indra' Gibson, Treasurer

Crystal Bivens, Financial Secretary

Marlo Thomas Watson, TTA Advisor

Additionally, the chapter is privileged to have Lady Tangie Lafaye

Phair as its Organizer, guiding a distinguished group of charter

members committed to advancing TLOD's mission in Fairfax County.
Under

the visionary leadership of National Area II Director Lady Hope V.

Ruffin and President and CEO, Lady Eddie Lee Marsh, Top Ladies of

Distinction, Inc. continues to leave a lasting impact on communities

across the Nation through service, mentorship, and advocacy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the

Fairfax County Chapter of Top Ladies of Distinction, Inc. I commend

these outstanding women for their dedication to service, mentorship,

and community engagement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VICTORIA MORTON, GOLD AWARD

HON.
W. GREGORY STEUBE

Mr. STEUBE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me

in congratulating Victoria Morton.
Victoria is a member of Girl Scouts

of Gulf Coast Florida, Troop 135, and has exemplified extraordinary

leadership, innovative problem-solving, and a demonstrated commitment

to making a lasting, positive impact, by earning the most prestigious

award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts are recognized as trailblazers who are willing

to tackle the most pressing challenges facing their communities and the

world with measurable, sustainable, and far-reaching results.
To earn

the Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify

and investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead

a team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1-2 years, Gold Award Girl

Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and leadership,

distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their resourcefulness and

perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to truly make the world a

better place.
Victoria's project, ``Pet Resource Central,'' in partnership with the

Community Resource Center of Punta Gorda, the Harry Chapin Food Bank,

the Animal Welfare League, the Suncoast Humane Society, and peers at

Port Charlotte High School, was an excellent endeavor to address food

insecurity and animal welfare in our community by creating a pantry for

low-income pet owners.
She collected donations to stock the pantry and

hosted free workshops on affordable pet care.
Additionally, Victoria

provided free grooming services, including ear and teeth cleaning, nail

trimming, and created a resource booklet with spay and neuter

information.
Victoria dedicated 136 hours to her project, which will

have a lasting and positive impact on the community for years to come.
On behalf of the 17th Congressional District of Florida,

congratulations to Victoria Morton

for achieving the highest distinction in Girl Scouts, the Gold Award.
We thank Victoria for her leadership and making such a positive,

lasting change in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.