The operational independence of the police goes to the heart of public confidence in policing.
As Foreign Secretary, I saw where political interference in policing is rife, and that is not a direction that the UK should travel in, so does the Home Secretary believe that it is right for Ministers to overrule the threat assessment of the police and security services, does she believe that some free concert tickets are the appropriate price for scrapping police independence, and after the appalling results of recent negotiations with the British Medical Association, the RMT and Mauritius, has she considered recruiting Taylor Swift’s mum as a Government negotiator?
As it falls to me to answer this, let me say that the right hon.
Gentleman knows fine well that operational decisions for policing fall to the police, in this situation and in every other.
I would certainly welcome it if Taylor Swift’s mother stood for the leadership of the Conservative party; she would really offer something that is not currently available.
The substantive question was about confidence.
The confidence of women in policing, and its ability to keep women in our country secure, dived under the previous Government, so confidence definitely needs to be restored.
That does not answer the question at all.
Order.
We do not want squabbles afterwards.
I call James Cleverly to ask his second question.
When I was Home Secretary, on numerous occasions I had to deal with foreign VIPs demanding, or requesting, a level of protection that we did not feel was appropriate.
Does the Home Secretary recognise the difficult position that she has put her own Foreign Secretary in when such future requests come in and they have to be denied, as those individuals will pray in aid the protection package put in place for a rockstar?
I remind the right hon.
Gentleman and the House that concerts were cancelled in Vienna because of a terror threat that the CIA identified could harm tens of thousands of people.
I sat in this very Chamber last week in front of Figen Murray—the mother of Martyn, who was killed at an event in Manchester.
The idea that we should not take that security seriously is, I am afraid, something that I simply do not agree with.
What steps her Department is taking to help prevent young people from becoming involved in violent crime.
Knife crime takes far too many young lives in this country, so the Government have set a mission—not just for the Government but for policing and local communities right across the country—to halve knife crime over the next decade.
As part of that, we have already implemented the ban on zombie knives and zombie-style machetes, and we will now act quickly to ban ninja swords following the campaigning by Pooja Kanda after the death of her son.