The cost of rural crime shot up by 41% in the south-west between 2022 and 2023, while 86% of respondents to a recent National Farmers Union survey said that rural crime was negatively affecting farmers’ mental health.
How is the Department supporting neighbourhood officers and rural beats to adequately deal with the heightened levels of rural crime?
The hon.
Member makes a serious point.
We need to increase neighbourhood policing in rural areas and to recognise the additional different challenges that rural areas can face, both because of the geography and the particular kinds of crime that affect farmers and farming equipment.
That is why we have set out our intention to draw up a new rural crime action plan, alongside our plans for neighbourhood policing.
Under the last Conservative Government, excluding fraud and computer misuse, crime fell by 50%—[Interruption.]
I am pleased to say that in Beverley and Holderness, as across the rest of the country, it was community groups, local people and the police working together who helped to do that.
Working with the local community, the Cherry Tree Centre helped to reduce antisocial behaviour in the St Nicholas area of Beverley by 43%, year on year, by last summer.
What will the Secretary of State do to ensure that such community co-operation leads to further cuts in crime, which was so welcome under the Conservatives?
I caution the right hon.
Member against excluding one of the most common crimes in the country from his figures.
Some of the crimes that impact town centres at the heart of local communities most heavily, such as shoplifting, street crime and street theft, have soared in recent years, but there was no response at all by the previous Government.
We are making those crimes a priority as part of our plans to change some of the laws around shoplifting and assault on shop workers, as well as getting more police back on the beat.
One of the biggest problems faced by the neighbourhood police team in Cheadle is antisocial behaviour and the scourge of off-road bikes.
What is the Secretary of State doing to help Greater Manchester police tackle off-road bikes in our communities?
The hon.
Member is right that off-road bikes are a total nightmare in some communities.
I have talked to residents who have been driven mad by the scourge of dangerous off-road bikes that are used to harass and intimidate people.
We are looking at ways to strengthen the law on off-road biking to give the police the powers they need to tackle that kind of damaging antisocial behaviour.
Given the Home Secretary’s great concern about shoplifting and antisocial behaviour, will she make an assessment on the “Putting it Right” scheme for young offenders that has been successfully piloted in my constituency?