Thank you, Mr Speaker, and I thank the House for putting its confidence in me to chair the Home Affairs Committee.
I look forward to working constructively with the Department on home affairs matters.
In that vein, may I welcome the news that the Government will recruit 200 new personnel to process modern slavery claims?
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether those personnel are new head count, how long the training will take, and whether she is confident that the head count will survive the forthcoming Budget and spending review?
I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her new position.
It is a great job, and I look forward to giving evidence to her as she did to me—we will see what price I have to pay as the roles are reversed.
She asks an important point about modern slavery numbers.
We are recruiting additional members of staff, and I will happily provide her with more information about that crucial policy area.
Part 3 of the Data Protection Act 2018 imposes unnecessary obligations on the police, and requires them to redact personal data for information transferred to the Crown Prosecution Service.
Those obligations delay and obstruct the swift progress of the criminal justice system.
The Police Federation of England and Wales has proposed a new clause that, if introduced, would facilitate the free flow of personal data between the police and the CPS.
Will Ministers urgently look at reforming that unnecessary red tape to allow more police time on the streets in my constituency of South Ribble?
That is an important point, and we are actively exploring all ways that we can improve guidance around redaction, streamline current processes, make better use of technology, and ultimately reduce unnecessary burdens on the police and prosecutors, so that they can get on with their primary task of keeping the public safe and putting away criminals.
The Home Secretary told the House that by ending the retrospective element of the duty to remove she was saving £7 billion in 10 years.
The impact assessment assumes that all those subject to the duty would have remained in Britain at a cost to the Home Office, but in his letter to me her permanent secretary said that the sum included the cost of sending the same migrants to Rwanda.
I wrote to the Home Secretary about that on  1 September  and I have raised it with the Minister for Immigration in Westminster Hall, but I have not had an answer.
Can she explain that double counting, and if she cannot, will she apologise for using that statistic in the House of Commons?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the impact assessment is provided by the Home Office, and what we inherited from the previous Government was not simply the incredibly costly Rwanda programme, but also the retrospective element of the Illegal Migration Act 2023, which was so damaging that the shadow Home Secretary, when he was in the job, did not implement many of the measures.
That retrospective element has cost the Home Office hundreds of millions of pounds, and those costs would go forward into the future.
We want to support genuine refugees, but will the Home Secretary provide an update on the progress on returns and deportations of illegal migrants, and say how the new command arrangements improve on the arrangements of the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
To tackle the chaos in the asylum system the rules need to be properly respected and enforced.
That is why we have increased by more than 20% the enforced returns over the summer of those who have no right to be here.
We have also increased the number of charter flights, including the biggest ever charter flight return.
Given that the turnout for the Devon and Cornwall police and crime commissioner election in May was just 18%, will the Minister look to scrap that role and instead invest that money in proper community policing in rural constituencies such as mine of North Cornwall?
The Government have no plans to scrap the role of police and crime commissioner.
We think it is a valuable role that can enable the missions that this Government have set out to be enacted locally, including the safer streets mission.
We need to work with the PCCs to make sure that mission happens in the different force areas around the country.
PCCs also have a role to play with their other partners, local authorities and the voluntary sector.
Noisy off-road bikes speed around neighbourhoods such as Chapeltown in my constituency, deliberately disturbing and intimidating residents.
Will the Home Secretary commit to properly tackling off-road bikes by giving the police the right powers to crack down on this issue?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and I thank her for standing up for her community.
We want to strengthen the law to give the police more powers to tackle the nightmare of dangerous off-road bikes.
When last year the now Home Secretary called on the then Conservative Government to use counter-terror legislation to proscribe organisations such as the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, she will remember that I supported her publicly.
Since then, Iran and the IRGC have got even more dangerous.
Has she changed her mind, and if so, why?
I have huge respect for the right hon.
Gentleman, but I gently point out that he is asking the Government to do something that the previous Government did not do in 14 years.
I can say to him that we are leading work on countering Iranian state threats, making use of the full breadth and expertise of our intelligence services and law enforcement agencies.
We keep the list of proscribed organisations under very close review.
I can assure him that work continues apace to identify further ways to tackle the threat.
UK universities have experienced a fivefold increase in antisemitic incidents since the  7 October  terrorist attacks.
At a recent meeting of the Union of Jewish Students, I heard distressing examples of the Iranian regime organising on our campuses and stirring up hatred against Jewish students.
Can the Minister tell the House what steps the Department is taking to deal with the threat posed by Tehran here on British soil?
We have been clear that the behaviour of the Iranian regime, including the actions of the IRGC, poses a threat to the safety and security of the UK and our allies.
The Government continually assess threats to the UK and take the protection of individuals’ rights, freedoms and safety incredibly seriously, wherever those threats may originate.
In 2023, the Home Office commissioned the Fairfield review into the Independent Office for Police Conduct.
It deemed the delays in the IOPC as “unacceptable”.
Indeed, one of my constituents has been waiting a year after the death of her daughter to have a case officer assigned.
Does the Home Secretary agree with the review, and will she comment on when she will implement its 93 recommendations?
I have met the IOPC chair to talk through the issues facing that body.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we need to speed up the decision-making process.
He will also recognise that there are considerable challenges in the system that we have inherited.