My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I know that she has championed that issue over many years.
The Young Futures programme will include youth hubs to draw together services around young people—I used the concept of a teenage Sure Start to bring young people’s services together.
We also need youth prevention programmes across all areas.
She is right to highlight that this must be about young girls as well as young boys to ensure that we tackle the threats to young people’s safety from violent crime.
Helping young people to stay safe, and to have somewhere to go and, crucially, someone to talk to, is key to their transition in life, particularly to prevent them from being drawn into antisocial behaviour, retail crime and knife or gang-related crime.
Could the Home Secretary confirm that, through devolution, there will be continued support for police and crime commissioners, such as Katie Bourne in Sussex, who can provide a direct link between residents’ concerns about their young people and work with local police to take preventive measures?
Police and crime commissioners have a crucial role to play as part of the mission to reduce serious violence, as do local authorities.
The hon.
Lady is right that local partnerships will best be able to target young people who are at greatest risk, and ensure that proper prevention programmes are in place.
As we know, many of those services have been hollowed out over a long period, and it is important that we have partnership working to rebuild them.
I hope that we can work cross-party on that—not just with police and crime commissioners but with MPs across the country.
If she will commission an independent review into the adequacy of legislation on the policing of protests.
Like my hon.
Friend, the Government value the role of peaceful protest as part of our proud democratic tradition.
The Government regularly review the adequacy of existing legislation.
The right to protest, and the courage of people taking to the streets to demand change, have given us many of our cherished social advancements—from the suffragettes demanding votes for women to the Race Relations Act 1965—but the sheer number of powers to restrict protest is resulting in peaceful protesters being  arrested and sentenced to lengthy periods in prison.
The previous Government pushed through a range of such laws despite opposition from senior policing figures and from Members across all parties.
When will a comprehensive review of the state of protest take place, with a view to repealing powers that unnecessarily restrict the right to peaceful protest?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue.
As she knows, there will be post-legislative scrutiny of the legislation passed by the previous Government.
As the previous Government agreed, it will be considered in due course.
Recent footage of Metropolitan police officers saying that the description of Hezbollah as a terror group was a matter of “opinion” is alarming.
The officers in question were deployed to a march in central London where support for Hezbollah was openly displayed, yet many offenders were only identified by photos on social media after the event.
Will the Minister ensure that all officers are fully briefed on the proscribed status of Hezbollah, Hamas and other terrorist organisations, so that offenders are arrested on the spot, and not allowed to spew antisemitic hate on our streets?
We are all clear that Hezbollah are a proscribed organisation.
The police take great care when they police protests; there is a great deal of briefing for officers beforehand.
However, the way that those protests are policed is operationally independent.
I have been to see and talk to officers who are on the frontline at those protests, and I know that it is a difficult job.
We should all say a big “thank you” for the work that they do.
There have been many protests over the last 12 months that the police have dealt with, and many officers have had rest days cancelled to ensure adequate policing on our streets.
Southwark police officers recently told Bermondsey safety action group that they struggled to prevent or solve crime due to extraction duties, when they have to police repeat protests elsewhere in London.
Does the Minister believe that the Met needs new powers to refuse permission for some repetitive protests in the capital, or should it use existing powers better to resolve and reduce extraction duties and increase safety in my community?
Police numbers are an issue, which is why this Government are clear about recruiting more neighbourhood police officers to increase that presence on our streets.
I recognise that what my hon.
Friend has said about extraction is an issue for the Metropolitan police in particular when dealing with protests.
Clearly, we want all criminals to be dealt with by the police, and we need sufficient numbers of police officers to do that.
Although we respect and would protect the right to peaceful protest, antisemitic and Islamophobic offences have been reported at many recent protests.
Those have contributed to an astonishing and shocking 25% increase in religiously aggravated hate crimes in this country, as  was revealed last week.
The Community Security Trust reports an almost 500% rise in antisemitic incidents, and Tell MAMA has recorded the highest ever number of anti-Muslim incidents.
Can the Minister reassure us on what the Government will do to help the police continue to keep communities safe, and police protests in a way that does that?
The figures that the hon.
Lady sets out are shocking.
This Government are clear that there is no place in our society for antisemitism or Islamophobia.
There are already meetings about how we can tackle that rise.
It is shocking and it will not be tolerated.
In some recent protests, the police have clearly had a difficult job to do, but I commend their work to tackle antisemitism and Islamophobia.
We know that the police take their responsibilities seriously and that they do so without fear or favour.
If she will increase funding for policing in the London borough of Havering.
The Government are of course committed to ensuring that the police have the resources that they need to tackle crime effectively.
As I am sure the hon.
Gentleman knows, funding beyond this year, including for the Metropolitan Police Service, will be confirmed following the upcoming multi-year spending review.
Given the increasing pressures on the police service, does the Minister accept that officer morale, retention, recruitment and ability to solve crimes are severely compromised, with police officers overworked, underpaid and subjected to unprecedented rises in bureaucratic processes—often dealing with things that police do not traditionally deal with, such as mental health care and social work?
[ Interruption. ]
Will the Minister explain how the Government plan to address those critical issues, especially in terms of improving officer retention, recruitment, crime-solving capacity and the overwhelming levels of bureaucracy, so that constituents in Romford can feel safe in their own town again?
[ Interruption. ]
Order.
Mr Rosindell, you should know better.
I did not cough twice for my own benefit—it was meant to be for yours.
The hon.
Gentleman is a very experienced Member of this House.
He has supported 14 years of Conservative government that have left us coming into government with a criminal justice system, including policing, that is in grave difficulty.
I take the point that he raises, but he needs to recognise the role that he and his party have played in getting us to this point.
Our aim now is to recruit more police officers, as the Home Secretary has said, and to increase neighbourhood policing as the bedrock of policing in this country.
We all want to see more funding for our police in Havering and Hackney and across London,  but a reduction in crime would also help them.
What conversations are Ministers having with mobile phone manufacturers to try to drive down phone snatches by people on bikes and reduce such street crime, which is really growing in London?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Those conversations are ongoing; later this month, conversations will take place on what more can be done to ensure that the manufacturers take their responsibility seriously and do everything they can to stop the trade in parts, which is a particular issue with mobile phones.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of removing Georgia from her Department’s list of safe countries for removals, in the context of the recent passage of legislation on LGBT rights in that country.
Mr Speaker, I suspect I might be coughing almost as much as you, but for a completely different reason.
We constantly update our assessment of LGBT rights and other factors affecting the safety of different countries, working closely with the Foreign Office and informed by regular independent reports from the chief inspector of borders and immigration.
The latest update for Georgia was published last month and is available on the gov.uk website.
The safe state designation that the previous Government introduced was intended to allow Georgian and Indian nationals to be returned without any individualised assessment of the safety of the country for each person.
In both countries, persecution of certain minorities is on the rise; that makes their inclusion on the list particularly wrong, but also highlights the wider dangers of blanket inadmissibility of asylum claims based on nationality.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that individuals’ asylum claims are always properly assessed?