In Georgia in particular, but also in other countries, there is an evidential base to prove that the persecution of Christians and ethnic minorities and other human rights abuses are taking place.
It is also important that LGBT rights issues are engaged with.
Has the Minister had the opportunity to address those issues directly with Georgia’s Government?
Addressing such issues is more of a Foreign Office responsibility, which is why we liaise closely with the Foreign Office when considering the production of information notes.
If laws that are passed and put into effect in other countries lead to persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution for individuals, that is one of the contexts we use to make a decision.
That includes LGBT rights, but also other rights.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Organised immigration crime puts lives at risk and threatens our border security.
We have agreed a new anti-smuggling action plan with our G7 partners to strengthen collaboration in areas such as intelligence, information exchange and the pursuit of criminal finances.
The UK work will be led by the new border security command.
As evidence of our closer collaboration with other countries, this weekend, at the request of the French authorities, a Border Force vessel rescued 46 people and returned them to France.
According to research by UK Feminista, over a third of female school pupils have been sexually harassed while at school.
Much of this can be traced back to misogynistic online influencers and the harmful impacts of pornography.
Will the Home Secretary tell the House what she is doing to prioritise women’s online safety and how she is engaging with counterparts in the devolved Administrations to ensure that no woman or girl is left behind when it comes to ending sexual harassment and the exploitation of women?
My hon.
Friend makes an extremely important point.
The mission for safer streets that the Government have set includes a really ambitious mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
We know that that is immensely difficult, and I hope that all the devolved Administrations, as well as local communities and organisations, will want to be part of it.
My hon.
Friend is right to prioritise women’s online safety, and that is why my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is prioritising action on online deepfake abuse.
We now come to the shadow Home Secretary.
In her statement to the House on  29 July , the Chancellor said that asylum accommodation costs being drawn down from Treasury reserves were “unfunded and undisclosed”—a description that I reject.
Can the Home Secretary now confirm to the House that asylum accommodation costs will be disclosed and, more importantly, funded from her departmental budget, and that she will not be drawing down from Treasury reserves to pay for asylum accommodation costs?
Will she reject the Chancellor’s description and say that she will fund those costs in the same way that I did?
The former Home Secretary—the current shadow Home Secretary—now seems to be admitting to the totally chaotic state of asylum accommodation finances.
He had to continually seek last-minute reserve claims, because his Government had underfunded the asylum accommodation problems that they had caused by letting the asylum backlog soar.
As a result, the taxpayer ended up footing the bill.
This Government will be making savings from asylum accommodation by getting the system back in order.
I know that the right hon.
Member has been kicked out of the Tory party leadership contest because he cannot count.
Order.
I say to the Home Secretary that I expect short answers.
These are topicals.
If there are questions where she wants to go long, she should do so early.
Otherwise, it is not fair to the Back Benchers I represent on both sides of the House.
We will now be staying here longer than she probably expected.
James Cleverly, let us have a good example of a short topical.
Will she be drawing down from Treasury reserves—yes or no?
This Government have already been putting in place the funding to try to make good the total chaos that the right hon.
Member’s Government left us with.
They spent £700 million to send four volunteers to Rwanda—and how much did he spend on a flight?
Refugee women and girls, who are often already survivors of gender-based violence, are at significant risk of abuse, coercion and worse when housed in hotels pending the processing of their applications, as I know the Home Secretary is aware from her substantial work on the issue.
Will she please update the House on what steps the Department is taking to end the use of hotel accommodation for women and girls?
My hon.
Friend is right that we have an extensive challenge with the backlog, which means that very expensive hotels are too often used as asylum accommodation.
We need to clear the backlog and ensure that we end hotel use, but that also means addressing the serious challenges around violence against women and girls.