In Greater Manchester, the “right care, right person” approach was recently introduced, since a police response to a mental health-related call is not always the right fit.
There are growing concerns, though, about unclear lines of responsibility between mental health services and the police, which may cause cases to be mishandled.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that co-ordination between the police and mental health services is as clear and effective as it can be, so that those who most need support do not fall through the cracks?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
That co-ordination between police and mental health services can be crucial in some of the most serious cases, where people are a danger to the public for reasons perhaps linked to a mental health crisis, but also in many cases where someone is not a danger to the public and mental health professionals may be far better able to respond than police officers.
Significant work has been done, but she is right that we need further close working between police and mental health services across the country.
That has also been part of the work that my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary is doing in the NHS and the Department of Health and Social Care on improving mental health services.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle criminal gangs facilitating small boat crossings.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle criminal gangs facilitating small boat crossings.
Can I ask the Home Secretary please to look at me occasionally?
It would help.
Apologies, Mr Speaker; I always like the chance to be able to look towards you.
The criminal smuggling and trafficking gangs that organise small boat crossings are undermining our border security and putting lives at risk.
It is truly tragic that a little baby died in the channel this weekend.
Those gangs have been getting away with this for far too long.
That is why the Government have set up a new border security command, led by former police chief Martin Hewitt, to work with other countries to go after the gangs.
Small boat crossings is an issue raised by residents, but we know that organised crime stretches beyond people smuggling.
In my Portsmouth North constituency we recently saw the sentencing of a criminal gang that attempted to smuggle 2.3 tonnes of  cocaine into the city from Colombia.
Can the Secretary of State expand on how we are tackling organised crime relating to smuggling drugs and dangerous weapons into our ports, to ensure that those things do not hit our streets?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
There are many different threats to our border security, which is why we have set up the border security command to draw together the work of different agencies, including on dangerous drug smuggling and organised crime, bringing together Border Force, the National Crime Agency, the intelligence and security agencies and local police forces.
The border security command’s first priority will be to deal with the dangerous boat crossings that are undermining security and putting lives at risk, but as part of its work it will be dealing with the wider threats to our borders as well.