This is Black History Month, and we honour the Windrush generation, who were let down shamefully by the previous Conservative Government—first by the appalling Windrush scandal itself, but then by their failure to fully implement the Williams review and the compensation scheme.
The parliamentary ombudsman has now found that the Home Office is wrongly denying compensation payments, so will the Home Secretary commit to urgently appointing a Windrush commissioner, as she promised back in June, to lead on righting these wrongs?
We will be appointing a Windrush commissioner.
This is something I feel strongly about.
The hon.
Member will know that as the Select Committee Chair, I asked many questions about the Windrush  scandal.
It is a stain not just on the Home Office, but on the British state, and it is important we right those wrongs.
In 14 years of Tory government, police numbers were decimated across our country, including in my constituency.
Durham constabulary lost 408 officers, a third of its strength.
What steps will the Government take to put police officers back on our streets?
As has been said a number of times this afternoon, the neighbourhood policing guarantee means 13,000 police officers, PCSOs and specials back on our streets to keep us all safe, after the reduction in police officer numbers of, I think, over 20,000 by the Conservative party.
The recent London stalking review published by the London victims’ commissioner reveals some pretty alarming statistics: in our capital, 45% of stalking victims felt compelled to withdraw from the justice system and 41% said that no action was taken on their complaint by police.
What specific measures are being taken to better support victims of stalking?
Are there plans to offer specific training to officers to deal with these cases?
We are absolutely looking at how we can strengthen stalking protection orders.
We will look at our stalking laws in the round, but also at how policing handles all cases of violence against women and girls and at the training that will be needed.
After 14 years of Conservative government, we hardly see police officers on the beat across my constituency.
Night policing cover in Uttoxeter and rural areas is virtually non-existent.
What steps will the Minister take to put more officers on the beat, and what is the timeline for that?
Again, there is the neighbourhood policing guarantee and, importantly for my hon.
Friend, there will be a named police officer in the community so people know who to go to when they need assistance.
That work is happening now and we are keen to see the first officers in place in the next few months.
In Rural Crime Action Week, does the Secretary of State agree that in Bedfordshire, where we have major urban areas such as Bedford and Luton bordered by rural communities, it is important that the funding formula be reviewed so that equal attention can be paid to tackling crime in our rural villages and towns?
I gently remind the hon.
Member that his party’s Government failed to review the funding formula for very many years.
However, he is right that the issues of rural and urban areas are immensely important, which is why we have committed to a rural crime action plan.
I agree with the hon.
Member for Mid Bedfordshire (Blake Stephenson).
Despite the previous Government’s promises to reform funding settlements, as usual they failed to deliver.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we must review the current situation, reform the police funding formula and finally deliver fairer funding for local people?
As part of the spending review, we want to consider police funding in the round, including how police funding is allocated to forces.
The sector, including the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners and the National Police Chiefs’ Council, is engaged in the process.
The Home Secretary is benefiting from some of the measures on legal routes for migration brought in by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly) when he was in government, which have caused the number of people able to come to the UK to halve.
What further measures has she taken to ensure that legal migration is cut further?
The Government are committed to bringing down legal migration.
We will do so by making sure that British workers are upskilled in key sectors, with new requirements for employers to address skills shortages, and by introducing new training and workforce plans so that overseas recruitment does not remain the default for filling skills shortages in the UK.
I have listened in absolute amazement to the outrage from Opposition Members about the careful consideration of security for Taylor Swift’s concerts in London, a week after her Vienna tour was cancelled due to a terror plot.
Does the Home Secretary think that is cynical opportunism from Conservative Members, or have they lost all sense of reason?
I think it is a matter for us all to take the security of people immensely seriously, and to ensure that terrorist, extremist and criminal threats do not win in their attempt to pose threats not just to life, but to our way of life.