The hon.
Gentleman knows that net migration must come down.
It trebled under the last Government, largely driven by overseas recruitment.
Immigration is a reserved matter, working in the interests of the whole UK.
Previous schemes along the lines that he has suggested have succeeded only in restricting movement and rights and creating internal UK borders.
Adding different rules for different locations would also increase complexity and create frictions when workers move locations.
Scotland is a diverse place.
Some areas are seeing depopulation, but areas such as East Lothian, which I represent, are seeing unprecedented population growth.
Will the Minister commit to working constructively with the Scottish Government on their woeful population strategy, which in 17 years has comprehensively failed to address Scotland’s demographic challenges?
We are committed to working with the Scottish Government on this and all issues.
Indeed, many of the levers to address depopulation in Scotland are in powers that the Scottish Government already have at their disposal.
The reasons for local workers leaving particular areas must be addressed through investment in jobs, in infrastructure and in public services, and many of these are issues that we must tackle together.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle fraud and economic crime.
Fraud accounts for 39% of all crime, according to the England and Wales crime survey, and it was the most common type of crime in the year ending March 2024.
It is a crime that destroys lives and we are committed to working with law enforcement and industry to better protect the public and businesses from the fraud threats they face.
We know that 39% of all reported crime is fraud, and many of those offences are carried out by serious organised crime gangs.
The National Crime Agency is tasked with protecting my constituents from foreign origin fraud and serious organised crime, but a recent report from Spotlight on Corruption found that after 14 years of Conservative government the NCA was “on its knees”, spending millions of pounds on consultants and failing to retain investigators.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the NCA is able to protect my constituents from financial crime?
Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the NCA for its operational leadership and its focus on tackling economic crime.
Through collaborating with jurisdictions at risk, we make it harder for organised crime groups to target UK victims.
The national fraud squad, run by the NCA’s national economic crime centre, and the City of London police, with 400 new officers by next year, have boosted the ability to tackle the highest-harm international offenders.
We are working to deliver a workforce strategy to address retention challenges for fraud.
This is important work that impacts on all our constituents and it is a priority area for this Government.