My hon.
Friend makes an important point about how employers have exploited illegal migration.
As a result, we set up a major programme through the summer, including raids, pursuing illegal working in different places across the country.
We have also substantially increased our work on returns, including redeploying 1,000 additional staff to work on returns and enforcement, to make sure the rules are being properly respected and enforced.
That has led to an increase of more than 20% in enforced returns this summer.
Given that dangerous foreign criminals have been using the European convention on human rights as a loophole to remain in the UK, does the Home Secretary agree that it is time to leave the ECHR and restore the sovereignty of our own borders?
The purpose of setting up a border security command is to strengthen the security of our borders.
We will do that by working with other countries.
It is crucial that we do so to tackle the gangs and the boats before they reach the French coast in the first place.
We have increased our co-operation, with new agreements in place with the G7, Europol and Italy, and we are working on new agreements with France, Germany and Belgium.
Those agreements would not be possible if we were somehow abandoning international law.
As the House will be aware, there have been recent crossings.
Is the Home Secretary considering reopening hotels to house asylum seekers, and if so will she commit to keeping the House informed about the methodology for choosing those hotels and ensuring that constituency Members are informed at the appropriate time?
Ensuring that constituency Members are informed is something that I take seriously.
It often did not happen in the past, but it is important and it needs to happen.
The overall situation that we inherited  included an asylum backlog that was increasing because asylum decision making had totally collapsed.
We have now increased that decision making so that we can clear the backlog and end hotel use.
Sadly, that will take time—because of the soaring backlog we inherited as a result of the collapse in decision making—but we are determined to ensure that we can clear the backlog and save the taxpayer hundreds of millions, if not billions, of pounds.
Given the Home Secretary’s claim that she would smash the gangs, with £540 million to upgrade the Manston centre, asylum hotels reopening rapidly and 14,000 small boat crossings since she took office, is that the plan that she had for her new border commander?
Might it be fair to say that it is not going very well?
I gently point out to the hon.
Gentleman what we inherited from the previous Government.
In the first six months of the year, there were the highest number of boat crossings on record because of the total failure of their programme, including spending £700 million on a scheme to send four people—four volunteers—to Rwanda.
As for the contract, he may be interested to learn that the first Manston contract notice was issued on  4 December 2023  under the previous Home Secretary for £700 million for six years with no suggested break clauses.
The new contract is not only substantially cheaper because we have made savings, but also includes break clauses so that we can close, change or reduce the contract to save the taxpayer money, which the previous Government failed to do.
What steps her Department is taking to increase public trust and confidence in policing.
What steps her Department is taking to increase public trust and confidence in policing.
What steps she is taking to monitor and maintain standards of police conduct.
Restoring confidence in policing is one of the core aims of the Government’s safer streets mission.
That means ensuring robust responses to the crimes that devastate lives and corrode our communities.
We are also committed to improving police standards, and will announce steps to strengthen the police misconduct and vetting system shortly.
It is almost two years since Warwickshire police issued a community protection notice against Warwickshire hunt.
Eight months later, it was mysteriously replaced by a secret protocol.
The police and crime commissioner, who receives financial support from the Countryside Alliance, claims that he knew nothing of the protocol.
The chief constable refused to give me a copy and now she has resigned, claiming retirement.
Trust in the PCC and the leadership of Warwickshire police has been seriously damaged.
Will the Minister  meet me to discuss the need for a truly independent inquiry, as opposed to the sham one being undertaken by the PCC?