The House is aware that a political agreement has been reached with Mauritius about the long-term future of the British Indian Ocean Territory.
Once any treaty with Mauritius comes into force, following its proper parliamentary scrutiny, Mauritius will be responsible for any migrants who arrive there.
However, we needed to find an interim contingency solution for the period before that agreement comes into force.
Given that there is no permanent population, BIOT has never been an appropriate long-term location for migrants due to the logistical challenges of providing appropriate care in such a remote place without civilian infrastructure.
On  15 October , a new memorandum of understanding was reached with the Government of St Helena so that any new migrants arriving in the interim period will be transferred to St Helena.
The intention is for that agreement to last until the treaty with Mauritius comes into force, recalling that, in practice, no new migrants have arrived on Diego Garcia since 2022.
We are hugely grateful to the St Helena Government for their assistance.
Their Chief Minister has said: “This arrangement presents a unique opportunity for a British Overseas Territory to be in a position to assist the UK, and we are pleased to be able to work in close partnership with the UK Government towards a mutually beneficial solution.”
The UK Government have agreed to provide one-off funding of £6.65 million to St Helena to improve health and education outcomes, and upgrade government infrastructure.
This is consistent with our long-term support to the community in St Helena, which is of course crucial.
This is a long-term, consistent partnership.
We will support St Helena by providing technical support, and funding the transfer and subsistence costs for any migrants affected.
Of course, this is not the first time that St Helena has supported the wider UK family.
The agreement is testament to its integral place in our family.
We thank it for its support.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
I must say that I am disappointed that, once again, the Government have chosen to make an important announcement outside this House, not within it, as they should.
Following on from the Government’s shameful decision to fast-track and capitulate on negotiations to hand over the British Indian Ocean Territory to Mauritius, it is clear that the policy announced over the weekend is a rushed consequence of a deal that does not serve British taxpayers well.
This aspect of the deal has not been properly scrutinised by this House, and there has been no announcement on how we will scrutinise the wider issue of the transfer of sovereignty of the British Indian Ocean Territory to another country.
During the treaty negotiations, was this plan discussed?
If the Government were so keen on signing away sovereignty, why was it not part of the deal that Mauritius would take responsibility for illegal migrants and take them to Mauritius from day one?
Were Chagossians consulted on the plan?
The Foreign Secretary said that they were updated throughout, but parliamentary questions have revealed that not to be the case.
Finally, how much will the deal cost, and what Department will be responsible?
Will there be a drawdown of Treasury funds, or will the money come from Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office budgets?
Will the cost be added to the overall cost estimated for the sovereignty deal with Mauritius?
Does this plan signify a change of heart on the policy of offshoring as a whole?
Before Labour MPs stand up to espouse the deal and say how good it is, they should remind themselves that in the election campaign, they wrote in their leaflets that the offshoring of British citizens was immoral.
Does this plan represent a change of policy from this Government?
I am sorry that the hon.
Gentleman has taken that tone.
I set out very clearly in my statement the answer to a number of points that he raised.
Matters have also been set out very clearly by the St Helena Government.
They have indicated their full agreement.
In fact, they were fully part of the process and there was full consultation with them.
This is a mutually beneficial win-win for the UK Government and St Helena.
As I said, the Chief Minister of St Helena has said that it is in a unique position to help the UK Government, and this will strengthen its reputation and enhance its partnership with the British family.
The hon.
Gentleman asked a lot of questions about the arrangements with Mauritius.
The Foreign Secretary spoke at great length about the arrangements with BIOT recently.
The agreement will go through this House in the proper way, as has been set out, and will face proper parliamentary scrutiny.
I am sure that it will attract scrutiny, and that is only right.
As I explained, this is a contingency agreement for the period before any agreement with Mauritius comes into place; after that, it will take any migrants.
The situation on BIOT is not suitable, long term, for migrants.
We have explained that at great length.
I have to say that the Government inherited a mess, and we are taking pragmatic, sensible and proactive measures to address the situation.
I am hugely grateful to St Helena for the role it is playing.
This is a mutually beneficial win-win.
The hon.
Gentleman asked where the funds will come from.
They will come from the FCDO.
We already have a long-term established partnership with St Helena, and it has hugely welcomed this plan.
It will help it to deal with a number of ongoing issues.
I have set out the details fully.
The full details of the agreement are also available from the St Helena Government.
It is welcome to hear St Helena mentioned in the House.
The money going there amounts to an increase of about 20% in financial aid from the UK this year, which is sorely needed in a community that is so challenged; but will the Minister explain how he will convey people from BIOT to St Helena, given the travel  difficulties, and tell us what conversations he has had with the Chief Minister and her Ministers about where these people will be accommodated, if they do arrive?