What steps her Department is taking to help keep children safe online.
There is nothing more important for the Government than keeping our children safe.
That is why I am appalled by the volume of child abuse that is proliferating online, and why we are determined to act.
We are committed to robust implementation of the Online Safety Act 2023, which contains strong protections for children, but we will not hesitate to go further if tech companies fail to play their part.
Our investment in the National Crime Agency, GCHQ, an undercover online network of police officers and the tackling organised exploitation programme is supporting our efforts to keep children safe online by targeting and stopping the highest harm and most technically sophisticated offenders.
I greatly welcome the action that the Government are taking, but the fight against child sex abuse online is only as strong as its weakest link, and Facebook’s decision to allow the encrypted sharing of images makes it a very weak link indeed.
Does the Minister share my anger that Facebook appears to be turning a blind eye while its platform becomes a safe haven for paedophiles?
My hon.
Friend raises an extremely serious issue.
I assure him that we very much share his concerns.
The Home Secretary has met representatives from Meta and our officials are in regular contact.
What we say in all those discussions is very simple.
For years, Meta has been an industry leader when it comes to preventing and detecting child sex abuse online, and  what we all want to see is it continuing to play that positive role and not—as my hon.
Friend fears—going in the opposite direction.
My constituent lost his son to suicide following exposure to an online suicide forum.
He is sadly one of 88 known Britons, the youngest of whom was just 17, whose deaths have been linked to this one site.
Under the Online Safety Act, the Technology Secretary has the powers to include such small but very dangerous sites under category 1—the most heavily regulated category—but Ofcom has advised him against doing so.
Will the Minister press her colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to include these exceptionally dangerous sites in category 1?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member’s constituent.
It is unimaginable for any parent to have to go through something like that.
We at the Home Office are working incredibly closely with our DSIT colleagues as the Online Safety Act comes into force to ensure that it is as strong and robust as it can be.
We are having those conversations daily.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking with police forces to tackle violence against women and girls.
What support she is providing to local organisations to help tackle violence against women and girls.
The scale of violence against women and girls in our country is intolerable, and the Government will treat it as a national emergency.
As part of this mission, we are bringing together Ministers from right across Government so that every Department does its bit, from prevention work in schools through to relentless pursuit of dangerous perpetrators.
On top of that work, we have already begun strengthening the police response to domestic abuse.
We will mark the next 16 days of activism with further announcements on our work to tackle spiking, stalking and other VAWG crimes.
Charities such as Aylesbury Women’s Aid do brilliant and vital work to support survivors of domestic abuse.
However, when these survivors interact with other public-facing services such as emergency or healthcare services, they are not always met with the same level of understanding.
What measures is the Minister taking to ensure that survivors of domestic violence and abuse are met with a trauma-informed approach across all public services?
A massive thank you to Aylesbury Women’s Aid for the amazing work that it is clearly doing.
I am afraid that my hon.
Friend and victims are exactly right in their assessment.
That is why we must have a completely cross-Government approach to ensuring  that no matter where a victim stands up, all services take responsibility for their role in the lives of those who are suffering.
As  the hon.
Member for Stourbridge (Cat Eccles)  pointed out, coercive control is a criminal offence but it is often overlooked, despite research suggesting that it is the third highest risk factor in domestic homicide.
In my surgeries in Esher and Walton, victims have told me that there is not a sufficient understanding of coercive control in police interviews, particularly when other crimes are being investigated.
What assessments are being made of the effectiveness of the roll-out of the domestic abuse risk assessment—DARA—toolkit, which was introduced by the College of Policing in 2022?
A number of different risk assessment tools are used, whether DARA or Dash—the domestic abuse, stalking, harassment and honour-based violence risk assessment—which has a more historical grounding and is used more widely.
I want the hon.
Lady to know that it is impossible to read any domestic homicide review in our country for the past decade and not think that risk assessments, and how well they are used and operating, is something that we should look at.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the incredible staff at the Sandycroft centre in my constituency, who offer life-saving support for vulnerable people in times of crisis?
Will she visit the centre with me to hear from CEO Lee McKenzie and the independent sexual violence advisers, who are on the frontline tackling increased violence against women and girls?
As it is very local to me, I take a particular interest in the Sandycroft centre.
Such centres are invaluable to vulnerable women, and I would be delighted to visit him and Lee—it would be a 15-minute drive.
Does the Minister agree that local charities like Jasmine House, which operates in my constituency, play a vital role in supporting women who have been victims of a sexual crime?
But in addition to the worry of constantly trying to find funding, they are concerned about the impact that the Government’s proposed increase in employer’s national insurance will have on their ability to continue providing that help.
Does the Minister agree that they should be exempt from the changes to national insurance contributions?
I pay tribute to Jasmine House.
As someone who applied for funding for a similar centre, I understand exactly the funding pressures that its staff will face.
What the sector really needs is stability, the assurance of more than single-year funding, which the Government are looking at, and making sure that we mitigate to ensure that there is enough.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Today is the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women.
It marks the start of 16 days of global activism on the issue.
As part of the Labour Government’s safer streets mission, we have set an ambition to halve violence against women and girls, which I hope everyone will be a part of.
Today we are setting out new action to tackle the devastating crime of spiking, with a new stand-alone criminal offence to strengthen the police response, new specialist training for bar and door staff across the country, and new recording measures, because we fear that the prevalence is much higher than has been previously thought, and the dangerous criminals responsible need to be caught and stopped.
As we look forward to the festive season, everyone should be able to enjoy a night out without having to worry about the safety of their drink and whether they will be able to get home safely.
I met constituents at my coffee morning in Southall Green on Friday, who raised the constant issue of open drug dealing and antisocial behaviour in the town centre.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Mayor of London to ensure that we have more police on the streets of Southall and London as soon as we can?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have already given the Met an additional £37 million this year, on top of what it was previously allocated.
We also need to ensure that here and right across the country we have neighbourhood police back in town centres, because that is how to tackle not just local drug dealing, but antisocial behaviour and other crimes that blight communities.