I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the families of the Reading victims and the victims of other terror attacks.
Jonathan Hall KC, the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, has said that as much information as possible should be put into the public domain as early as possible to maintain public trust.
Can the Minister assure the House that he and his ministerial colleagues have always disclosed relevant information at an early stage in relation to high-profile terror-related cases that have attracted substantial public and media attention?
The shadow Home Secretary has raised an important issue.
Yes, we agree with Jonathan Hall; he is absolutely right.
Our overriding priority will always be to ensure that the victims of crime get justice, and we will look at how best that can be achieved.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers.
What steps she is taking to help tackle retail crime.
In the last year of the previous Government, shop theft reached a record high, and we saw intolerable levels of abuse against shop workers, leaving people fearful of going to work.
This Government will not stand by as these crimes devastate our high streets and town centres.
That is why we are committed to rebuilding neighbourhood policing, scrapping the £200 limit, which has let thieves steal below the level with impunity, and introducing a new, stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker.
Our shop workers will be putting in some long, hard shifts in the coming weeks to help us to get ready for Christmas, but a report from the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers has said that their risk of being the victims of assault in the workplace has doubled in the last year.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in commending USDAW’s Freedom from Fear campaign and affirm that the Government’s commitment to removing the immunity from certain types of shoplifting introduced by the Conservative Government will proceed at pace?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for highlighting USDAW’s findings and its tireless campaigning alongside the Co-op for the new stand-alone offence of assaulting a retail worker, which we will be proud to introduce in the forthcoming crime and policing Bill alongside the scrapping of the £200 limit.
I take this opportunity to recognise the commitment of Cleveland’s police and crime commissioner, Matt Storey, in tackling retail crime.
I look forward to working with all police and crime commissioners to tackle this scourge on our communities.
Shoplifting is a crime that threatens the feeling of safety for shoppers and shop workers alike.
In my constituency of East Worthing and Shoreham, the issue has become so severe that in the past year a resident has described it as an epidemic.
Can my right hon.
Friend please tell me how the Government plan to tackle this issue, so that shoppers and businesses in my area can operate in safety and with confidence?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that people in East Worthing and Shoreham and across the entire country want to know how this Government are going to tackle this epidemic.
I have referred to the 13,000 neighbourhood police officers, respect orders, the abolition of the £200 threshold limit and the stand-alone offence of assaulting a shop worker.
I want to restore confidence in the people my hon.
Friend represents—confidence that will make them feel their streets are safer—and ensure that criminals in their area pay the price for their crimes.
My constituency team and I recently visited shops on one of the busiest high streets in my constituency.
Of the first 10 we visited, nine said that their staff had suffered attacks at work, and all 10 said  that shoplifting was now pretty much a daily occurrence.
Does the Minister agree that extra resources and extra policing are part of the answer, but that we should also be looking at programmes such as offender to rehab schemes—one of which has been rolled out in the west midlands—to make sure we are also tackling the causes of retail crime?
My hon.
Friend paints a deeply upsetting and unacceptable picture of the impact that aggressive and repeated shop theft can have on retail workers.
The worst thing is that we know that it is replicated up and down the entire country; we cannot continue like this.
That is why we are determined to take the action that I have set out in previous answers, but I agree that we have to look at issues around rehabilitation for offenders, including treatment for addiction where appropriate.
Bath is a very popular tourist and shopping destination, but it has also seen the highest increase in shoplifting offences between 2023 and 2024.
For my shopkeepers to feel safe, they want a much more visible police presence in Bath.
What can the Government do for them?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
Shop theft went up by 21% in the previous year, which is totally unacceptable, and I hear very clearly what she says about her constituency of Bath.
That is why the neighbourhood policing model that this Labour Government stood on at the general election is so important for starting to deal with shop theft, which—as we have just been talking about—has become an epidemic.
The Home Secretary has repeatedly reiterated her pledge to tackle shoplifting and violence against shop workers by having a named officer in each community, as part of the 13,000 uplift for neighbourhood policing.
I spoke to Cambridgeshire constabulary recently, which confirmed that under the Home Secretary’s plans there would be one police officer to cover the whole town of St Ives.
That officer would cover not only St Ives, but the town of Ramsey and all the villages in between—Woodhurst, Old Hurst, Pidley, Warboys, Wistow and Bury.
Last week, the Policing Minister would not commit to reviewing the police allocation formula to ensure Cambridgeshire receives its fair share of funding.
How can one officer be expected to cover such a large area effectively, given that Cambridgeshire is likely to receive only a handful of the officers?
I say gently to the hon.
Member that he has to look at what this Government inherited from his Conservative Government after 14 years, during which neighbourhood policing was repeatedly cut.
This Government are committed to restoring neighbourhood policing.
We have said that we will bring in 13,000 police officers, police community support officers and specials.
When?
The shadow Home Secretary is shouting “When?” at me.
We are working on this as quickly as we can, five months in, after 14 years of what the Conservatives did to our policing.
Shoplifting is often organised by criminal gangs, and Norfolk police have had some success in fighting them.
Does the Minister recognise that partnerships such as Operation Wonderland—which has just been launched by West Norfolk police alongside the local council, CCTV operators, street rangers and shop workers—are key to tackling this crime and making sure offenders are brought to justice?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very important point.
Policing alone cannot deal with this crime; we need to work hand in hand with businesses, as well as the trade unions.
USDAW has been very important in the campaign for the offence of assaulting a shop worker that we are going to bring in.
I have also met the British Retail Consortium, and will chair a regular forum with the retail sector to make sure we are sharing best practice.
We are going to deal with the problems we have inherited.