We all want to stop criminals terrorising our communities, whether they are domestic abusers or shoplifters targeting our high streets.
Live facial recognition is being rolled out by our police forces, including on Sutton High Street in my constituency, but we cannot ignore the risks that this technology presents.
Facial recognition systems are most likely to misidentify black people and women, doing nothing to stop crime and further eroding trust in our police.
Will the Minister introduce clear regulation oversight of live facial recognition, such as that which the EU passed last April?
This is another area where the new incoming Labour Government are having to look at powers and measures brought in by the previous Government.
Live facial recognition can have very positive effects, but we need to consider whether we need a framework around it.
That is why I will be hosting a series of roundtables before Christmas to discuss with stakeholders the way forward on this technology.
The National Audit Office recently raised serious concerns about the previous Government’s decision to buy poor-quality, expensive and contaminated asylum accommodation at Northeye.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that asylum accommodation is fit for purpose and represents value for money?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
What the National Audit Office found in its report was not only an appalling process of decision making by members of the previous Government, but a grotesque waste of £15 million of taxpayers’ money—just like the waste of £60 million at RAF Scampton.
In contrast, the new Government are determined to cut asylum accommodation costs by stepping up decision making, reducing the backlog— Order.
Gregory Stafford. —and increasing returns.
Order.
It is the Back Benchers who do not get in.
Transnational repression by Iran, China, Russia and other unfriendly nations continues to be writ large on diaspora populations in this country.
What is the Government’s strategy on transnational repression, and will the Home Secretary reintroduce the last Government’s defending democracy taskforce to monitor incidence?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
The taskforce is examining closely the threats that he raises, and we shall have more to say about that shortly.
I am sure that the Home Secretary would agree that good government is transparent government.
I have been told by her Department, in response to a written parliamentary question, that the number of crimes committed by illegal migrants is not available through published statistics.
I am sure that the Home Office does hold the data, so will the Minister commit to publishing it in full?
There will be a huge drop of immigration-related national statistics at the end of the week.
Two brave women from Maltby came to my most recent surgery.
Each told me about the horrific physical and emotional abuse that they had suffered at the hands of their ex-partners.
They also told me that the police had ignored non-molestation orders, which—as I know from my professional experience before I was called to the Bar—is far from uncommon.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that any relevant court orders are given due force?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
There is a serious problem of injunctions, non-molestation orders and protection orders not being  treated properly.
That is why we are introducing Raneem’s law, which includes stronger protection orders and specialists in 999 control rooms.
Chelmsford’s allocation of dispersal accommodation for asylum seekers is more than 120 beds, but the number found to date is about a tenth of that number owing to the high demand for and high cost of private rented accommodation in the district.
What extra support can the Minister offer councils facing the increasing cost of housing asylum seekers?
We are trying to co-operate much more with local authorities so that we can deal with these issues, but ultimately the way to deal with them is to get the backlog down and get people out of high-price accommodation so that we can integrate them if they are granted asylum.
I have met a number of British-Palestinian families who are trying to reunite with their families in Gaza.
Part of the entry clearance process requires the undertaking of biometrics.
There is no visa centre in Gaza, and they are unable to leave owing to the closure of the Rafah crossing.
Will the Home Secretary, or the Minister, please indicate whether they are willing to introduce a temporary waiver for biometrics so that people can complete the entry clearance process?
The death and destruction in Gaza are intolerable.
Palestinians who wish to join family members in the UK must do so via the range of existing routes that are available, but if my hon.
Friend wishes to raise a specific matter with me, I shall be happy to meet her.
What steps is the Minister taking to tackle crime in rural areas?
As I said earlier, I have met representatives of the Agricultural Engineers Association to discuss the implementation of the secondary legislation that is required to deal with the theft of agricultural equipment, and I am also having meetings with the rural crime units to discuss some of the specifics.
However, the neighbourhood policing guarantee applies in rural areas just as much as in urban areas, which is important.
My constituent Tracy set up the organisation Changes Are Made in memory of her grandson Cameron Hamilton, who was fatally stabbed in Bournemouth town centre last year.
Tracy believes deeply in the power of education and positive activities to tackle knife crime, and is campaigning for a youth hub in the constituency.
Can the Home Secretary update us on the progress being made towards the roll-out of a network of youth hubs, and will she support Tracy’s campaign?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s constituent Tracy for campaigning in memory of Cameron.
Too many young lives are being lost.
That is why we are setting up the Young Futures programme, with youth hubs but also prevention partnerships, to work across the country.
In recent weeks, the number of channel crossings has been far higher than the Home Office expected, which is why we have seen Ministers rapidly approving new asylum hotels.
We are told that the situation is temporary, because asylum claims are apparently now being processed faster and people are being moved through accommodation faster too.
What reassurances can the Home Secretary give my constituents that the faster processing of asylum claims, with no deterrent in the system, will not simply act as a massive incentive for more people to come here on small boats?
I have to tell the hon.
Member that unfortunately the previous Government cut asylum decision making by 75% in the run-up to the election, and they took away caseworkers.
That is why the backlog was soaring.
We have now put caseworkers back in place so that we can start clearing the backlog, because asylum hotels are costing the taxpayer huge amounts of money.
Disabled women are almost three times more likely to experience domestic abuse and almost twice as likely to report sexual violence.
Does the Minister agree that it is important for not only her Department but the police to work with disabled women-led organisations to understand the intersection with gender-based violence and the double whammy that affects disabled women?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I pay tribute to Stay Safe East, one of very few specialist disability and domestic abuse charities.
Without “by and for” services, we simply would not be serving most of the women in our country who need support.
A report published today shows that 60,000 hours are taken up each year investigating non-crime hate incidents.
Does the Minister agree that confidence in the police could be restored if they prioritised their time and resources to investigate actual crime rather than hurt feelings?
This Government have made very clear what our priorities are around safer streets and where the focus should be for policing: on halving knife crime and halving violence against women and girls over the next decade.
The Home Secretary has also been very clear that a common-sense approach must be taken to non-crime hate incidents.
We will work with the inspectorate and the College of Policing on the matter.
Before I call the Prime Minister, I should like to say a few words about our former colleague Lord Prescott.
John was first elected to this House in 1970, and he served the people of Hull for four decades.
He became deputy leader of the Labour party in 1994—my father helped on that campaign—and Deputy Prime Minister at the 1997 election.
I have to say thanks to John for coming to Chorley to ensure that I had a new start as a Labour Member in Chorley.
I will just share what John did.
On that day, tragically, the press pushed an old lady over and her arm was broken.
The first thing John said was, “I must go to the hospital.”
He went to hospital to see that lady as her cast was being put on.
That was the kind of person John Prescott was.
John played a major role in delivering the Kyoto protocol and was a great champion of regional government, integrated transport and affordable housing.
After leaving government, he became active in inter-parliamentary relations, leading the UK delegation to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
He was an effective politician, a highly respected colleague and a towering figure in the labour movement and in this House.
He will be deeply missed, and all our thoughts are with Pauline and the family.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Thank you for those words, which John’s family will have heard.
There are many Members of this House who serve their constituents faithfully.
Some deliver change for the entire country.
Very few enter into public consciousness, let alone public affection.
But John Prescott achieved all those things.
He was absolutely unique and people loved him for it.
He had the most extraordinary life, from failing his 11-plus to stewarding Anthony Eden on a cruise ship, to being deputy leader of—as he described it— “the greatest party there is”, and the longest-serving Deputy Prime Minister this country has ever had.
It was an extraordinary life, yet ordinary people across the nation felt that he was one of them.
He told a story of a working-class lad made good who embodied the aspiration of working people across the entire country.
People felt recognised in the struggles they had—the snobbery and the small-mindedness that still plague politics even today—but they also felt that he understood and championed their ambitions, their hopes and their dreams.
John was a politician for working people through and through.
That was who he always was.
A proud son of Wales and an honorary son of the Humber, he served the city of Hull for 40 years, as you said, Mr Speaker.
Everyone knew that he loved it as fiercely as he fought for it.
Everything he did was about making working people’s lives better.
That was evident from his whole career, a career in which he was often ahead of his time.
He led on climate change, fighting regional inequality, supporting the minimum wage, working to transform  public transport, building council houses and even completing the channel tunnel.
In many ways, he set the path that we walk today.
Make no mistake: he did things his own way and forged his own path, and in doing so he brought about some of the greatest transformation this country has ever seen.
John was the linchpin of new Labour, because beneath the pugnacious exterior he was a skilled negotiator, sometimes with immense and perhaps surprising sensitivity.
He had an incredible skill, which was the ability to bring people together from different starting points—whether that was in his work on climate negotiations or closer to home in his own party—to stand together in a better place.
That sums up another thing that I think the public sensed about John: that he was not in it for himself.
He was willing to work with people he did not agree with, as well as challenging those he usually did agree with.
He had great self-awareness and great humility, and if he disagreed fiercely in private, he would do so and then defend the line—often improved because of his intervention —in public to the hilt.
John was a team player and he was proud to play for team Labour.
That was never more evident than during the campaign season when it was time to bring out the battle bus, a tradition that our Deputy Prime Minister proudly continued this year.
The Prescott express was a morale boost to any campaign.
It may have been arriving in a Tesco car park, but John was always met with a reception like Beatlemania.
And no wonder: the public were at the heart of John’s politics and it was clear that the public had a particular place in their heart for him, too.
That was key to his popularity.
Indeed, after the famous incident it was the public who came out swinging for him.
That night, Labour campaigners were anxiously dispatched to the most accurate focus group that there is, the local pub, to hear what people were saying.
The reports were clear: the public had his back, just as he had always had theirs.
Tony Blair, my predecessor, said simply, “John is John.”
And he was.
John was John, and he will live on in Labour legend, in the memory of everybody who is in this House now and who served when he was in the House, and in the affection of the nation.
We remember today his wife Pauline, and we send our love and condolences to his family and his loved ones.
We stand with the people of Hull and working people across the country to say, “Thank you, John, for a lifetime of service, for a genuine character and for a changed nation.”
May he rest in peace.