Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
On behalf of the Opposition, I pay tribute to the late John Prescott.
Lord Prescott will be remembered for many things: as a committed Member of Parliament for his beloved constituency of Kingston upon Hull East, as a formidable campaigner for the causes he believed in, and for his public service as Deputy Prime Minister.
As I said last week, he was a true patriot and had a unique way of connecting with the electorate.
Many of us did not know him personally, but his strength of personality was felt.
For those of us who came into politics during the new Labour era, our experience of politics was shaped by Lord Prescott.
He was a leading figure in making the Labour party under Tony Blair electable, after enduring four consecutive election defeats.
In the process of broadening his party’s appeal, he ensured that Labour thought about the needs, values and aspirations of regular people across this country, not just those of a metropolitan elite.
He was often underestimated, yet by all accounts he was an intelligent, amusing and relentlessly hard-working man with great political instincts.
Although I would doubtless have disagreed with him on many things, I would have loved the opportunity to argue with him about making our country better.
In paying tribute to the late Lord Prescott, I express heartfelt condolences on behalf of myself and my party, and I send sincere condolences to his family, his friends and his colleagues.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I pay tribute not just to my predecessor as the Member of Parliament for Kingston upon Hull East, but to a family friend of over 50 years.
In doing so, I send my heartfelt condolences to Pauline and the family.
Many will remember John as a political giant, and indeed he was, but he was also a gentle giant to many.
John always had time to chat to anyone who stopped him.
Many Members will speak today of the great work he did both inside and outside this House, but I want to speak about the John we knew in east Hull, both as our MP and as a very dear friend, as he was to many.
East Hull was John’s adoptive home, and it became a strong part of his identity.
Everyone in east Hull has their own story about John, including those he helped, and there were many thousands of them.
One of John’s biggest legacies in Hull is the £55 million regeneration of the Preston Road estate in the heart of the constituency as part of the new deal for communities.
I am told that John was the person in the Cabinet who spearheaded that programme.
I have had the great pleasure and honour of knowing John all my life.
As kids we enjoyed family holidays with the Prescotts, and I still keep a picture on my office desk of me, JP and the family hurtling down a log flume.
I keep it for a reason: because John was clearly enjoying it the most.
One year, John decided that we were going to
Loch Ness to find Nessie.
We did not find Nessie, but we had the most amazing time, with memories we will never forget.
During the voyage, Captain John thought it would be fun to throw his watch overboard to test our diving skills—as kids, we did not realise that John was an expert diver—but it sank too far.
We began to panic a bit, but John, with a big grin on his face, dived overboard.
He was missing for more than a few minutes, we thought, but he came up on the other side of the vessel, holding the watch with a massive grin on his face.
John’s legacy will always be etched on the hearts of those he served and the city that he loved.
There will never be another JP, and no Member of this House will ever be able to connect with the voters quite like he did.
He truly was one of a kind.
John’s spirit and approach  to politics will live on in all of us who were inspired by him and by his dedication and commitment to the cause.
Rest in peace, comrade.