The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to tackle serious and organised crime.
The Government are increasing funding for the National Crime Agency by £58 million next year, with £150 million over the next two years for the Border Security Command to tackle organised immigration crime.
The whole House will welcome the recent action by the National Crime Agency to arrest major suspects in people smuggler gangs.
I applaud the work of the Border Security Command and the NCA in those operations.
Will the Home Secretary join me in thanking Greater Manchester police for their work in tackling organised crime groups, particularly the notorious Adam OCG in Rochdale, whose drug dealing, modern slavery and child exploitation make life such a misery for my residents?
Will she particularly applaud Chief Superintendent Danny Inglis and his team, not just for their superb detective work but for their engagement with schools?
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Greater Manchester police and the National Crime Agency on that operation, which has made people safer on the streets of Rochdale.
Tackling organised drug crime means action stretching from international work by the NCA right through to neighbourhood police on the streets, and community work to prevent young people from being drawn into organised gangs.
The Home Secretary knows that rural areas are not immune to county lines activity.
Will she put on record her thanks for the excellent work of West Mercia police, who recently arrested quite a few people on charges relating to drugs and firearms?
What more can the National Crime Agency, and particularly the multi-agency co-ordination centre, do to support rural forces and smaller forces such as West Mercia?
I certainly welcome the work that has been done to tackle the gangs the right hon.
Gentleman refers to.
Such crimes have a huge impact on communities.
We need the National Crime Agency working not just through the regional organised crime units, but with local forces right through to the neighbourhood police on the beat.
That is often where the intelligence comes from, especially where children are being dragged in.
I know the Home Secretary understands the importance of our brave firearms officers in dealing with serious and organised crime that poses a danger to the public.
I welcome the measures to provide anonymity, but will the Government consider going further by allowing a defence in misconduct or criminal proceedings if an officer can show that they followed their training and procedure?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we set out very swiftly the response to the accountability review.
That included a series of measures not just on anonymity, but on strengthening the law and on the need for the system to work much more speedily to support officers in very difficult split-second decisions.
We have a review under way, involving Tim Godwin and Sir Adrian Fulford, which is looking at many of these issues.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour on high streets and in town centres.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour on high streets and in town centres.
What steps she is taking to improve safety in town centres.
Too many town centres and high streets have been hit in recent years by soaring levels of shoplifting and street crime, and damaging antisocial behaviour, at the same time as neighbourhood police have been heavily cut.
The Government are introducing new powers to tackle antisocial behaviour and shop crime, and rebuilding neighbourhood police on our streets.
Too often in recent years, antisocial behaviour has blighted our high streets, with people in Clwyd East feeling unsafe when they are out in their local community.
We know that neighbourhood policing works.
In Prestatyn, the recent work of North Wales police to combat antisocial behaviour at the retail centre has led to positive youth engagement and criminal charges.
Does the Home Secretary agree that rather than writing off such offences as low-level and leaving communities to deal with them alone, as the previous Government did, we must prioritise neighbourhood policing and give officers the powers they need to tackle antisocial behaviour head-on?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right, and I congratulate her on standing up for her town centre.
When town centre crime gets out of control, it impacts on local businesses and local confidence, and it impacts badly on communities.
That is why we are bringing in respect orders, under which repeat perpetrators can be banned from town centres, and setting out our plans to have 13,000 more neighbourhood police and police community support officers back on our streets.