The Minister speaks of the young futures programme.
Will she work with the Northern Ireland Executive to put in place the same programmes so that we can prevent young people in Northern Ireland from joining paramilitary organisations, which are nothing more than organised and violent crime organisations?
I can certainly talk to Ministers in the Northern Ireland Office to discuss what we can learn from the proposed programme and the good practice we know exists already in many parts of the UK.
We want to build on that so I am very happy to share that.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle car theft in rural areas.
Who wants to answer this one?
Sorry, Mr Speaker.
These questions are like buses—they all come along at once.
Vehicle theft is a deeply distressing and damaging crime which can have a detrimental effect on both individuals and businesses, including in rural communities.
That is why we are working closely with both the police and the automotive industry to ensure the most robust responses possible to these crimes.
Last week I met with the National Police Chiefs’ Council lead for vehicle crime to discuss this issue and how we can better work together to prevent it.
An increase in car and van thefts and antisocial behaviour in Stocksbridge, Deepcar, High Green, Chapeltown and Dodworth has left my constituents feeling vulnerable and unsafe.
Local people have also experienced excessive 999 response times.
How is the Minister tackling the rise in vehicle thefts, working with manufacturers to improve vehicle safety and supporting South Yorkshire police after years of Conservative cuts?
I am pleased that this question is being asked, and it is important to note that this autumn, driven by the National Police Chiefs’ Council lead for vehicle crime, the national vehicle crime reduction partnership has been launched, bringing together the police, the Home Office and manufacturers on the very point of how we tackle this problem.
We are also committed to bringing forward legislation to ban electronic devices used to steal vehicles, empowering the police and courts to target those criminals using, manufacturing and supplying them.
That was a welcome answer from the Minister.
Farmers in Wiltshire complain not just about car theft, which is endemic, but wider agricultural theft, too, and the terrible scourge of hare coursing.
It is all bound up in serious organised crime.
Does the Minister recognise the seriousness of organised rural crime of this nature, and what steps is she taking to address it?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I recently met the Agricultural Engineers Association to discuss the implementation of the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023, which he will know is  important in tackling some of that rural crime with agricultural equipment that has been stolen, often by organised gangs.
There is work ongoing on this, and the issue is recognised by the Home Office.
What steps her Department is taking to increase public trust and confidence in policing.
Public confidence in policing fell under the last Conservative Government, as we saw a big drop in police on the beat, with fewer crimes solved and a real sense in communities that more criminals are getting away with it.
This Government are determined to turn that around, starting with getting police back on the beat and rebuilding neighbourhood policing.
Earlier this month I held a community meeting in Dinnington about the regeneration project on the high street.
It was well attended, and people are optimistic, but they are also worried about the lack of police in the area and the crime that continues to blight their town.
Can the Home Secretary reassure the residents of Dinnington that this Government will rebuild community policing, which was utterly let down over 14 years of Conservative Government?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The percentage of people seeing police on the beat each week has dropped by two thirds over the past 14 years.
The percentage of people who say they never see the police has doubled.
That is the shameful consequence of 14 years of Conservative policing policies.
This Government will put 13,000 more police and police community support officers back on the beat.
Local volunteers in Potters Bar were left struggling on Remembrance Sunday to stop the traffic to allow the march to take place.
They were told by the police that they lacked the resources and the power to stop the traffic, yet on the same day in neighbouring Essex the police managed to visit a journalist regarding a deleted tweet.
Every weekend, vast amounts of resources pour into London for pro-Palestinian marches.
Does the Home Secretary share the despair of my constituents at this allocation of resources, and will she provide guidance for next year’s Remembrance service, both on police powers and the responsibilities regarding those marches?
I just point out to the former Deputy Prime Minister that the state of policing in this country is the policing that we inherited after 14 years of Conservative Government, in which they took police off the beat and in which we lost neighbourhood policing and PCSOs.
This Government have made clear what the priorities for policing should be neighbourhood policing, including tackling antisocial behaviour and town centre crime, and reducing serious violence, including knife crime and violence against women and girls.
We always believe that Remembrance Day should be respected, which is something that one of his former colleagues as Home Secretary did not respect.