Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF ROSEMARY ENRICO; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
126

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF ROSEMARY ENRICO

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

service of Mrs. Rosemary Margo Enrico of Dallas, Texas, who peacefully

passed away on May 6, 2025.
Rosemary was born on September 28, 1944, in Chisholm, Minnesota, to

Andrew and Rose Margo.
She graduated from Marquette University in 1967

with a bachelor's degree in marketing.
For 48 years, she was married to

her childhood sweetheart, Roger Anthony Enrico, and they raised a large

family with many children.
Rosemary was a devout Catholic,

schoolteacher, and generous philanthropist.
Along with Roger, they

founded the nonprofit Roger and Rosemary Enrico Foundation to support

Catholic initiatives and provide life-changing scholarships to many

economically disadvantaged students in North Texas.
In her free time, Rosemary was passionate about the arts and was an

avid traveler.
She enjoyed spending time with her family and traveling

around the world with Roger.
I am deeply saddened to hear of Rosemary's

passing, as she brought compassion, kindness, and warmth with her

presence wherever she went.
The incredible impact she has made on our

community will be remembered and felt for many years to come.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of Rosemary's life and contributions to North

Texas.
She will be dearly missed by her friends, family, and all who

knew her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF ALAN BARRY CARR

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Mr.

Alan Barry Carr of Johnstown, Pennsylvania, who peacefully passed away

on June 8, 2025.
Alan was born on January 17, 1937, to James and Olive Carr.
He

attended the University of Maryland and the Virginia Polytechnic

Institute for his bachelor's degree and master's degree.
Alan later

earned his Ph.D. in Agricultural Economics at Oklahoma State

University.
For many years, he worked as a congressional researcher for

the Department of Agriculture and the Library of Congress.
Afterwards,

Alan taught Economics at Texas A&M University and spent some time

teaching in Armenia.
In addition to his passion for teaching, Alan

enjoyed hunting, gardening, taking care of his dogs, and telling good

stories to those around him.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol in recognition of Alan's wonderful life and legacy.
He will be

dearly missed by his friends, family, and all who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING JUDGE JIM KNECHT ON 50 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate

Illinois Fourth District Appellate Court Justice, James ``Jim'' Knecht,

as he reaches the milestone of serving 50 years as a judge.
Jim was born in Lincoln, Illinois in 1944 and graduated from Lincoln

Community High School in 1962.
Afterwards, he attended Illinois State

University and earned his Juris Doctor from the University of Illinois

College of law in 1973.
While in law school, Jim was an editor of the

Law Review and was honored as a member of the prestigious national law

school honors society, the Order of the Coif.
Jim began his judicial career as a law clerk to Illinois Supreme

Court Justice Robert C. Underwood before serving as an Associate

Circuit Judge for 3 years and as a Circuit Judge for 8 years.
In 1986,

Judge Knecht was elected to the Illinois Fourth District Appellate

Court.
Currently, he is the longest serving judge in Illinois court

history and an accredited leader within the Illinois law community.