Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

memory of my constituent, James Anthony Vitale, who passed away

recently at the age of 66.
Mr. Vitale was a dedicated civic leader in Moon Township.
He was a dedicated public servant, serving on the Moon Township Board

of Supervisors for nearly 18 years, holding the positions of Chairman

or Vice Chairman for 11 of those years.
And he was committed to his community, representing the township on

the Board of Directors of the South Hills Area Council of Governments

for 15 years.
Public service was in Jim Vitales' bones.
In Western Pennsylvania, a life like his--devoted to his family and

community--shows exactly who we are.
Humble, proud, and always ready to do our part: Jim embodied the very

best of Western Pennsylvania values: hard work, service, and

dedication.
I am holding Jim's wife, Luanne Vitale, his family, and his entire

community in my heart as we celebrate his life and mourn his passing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE WILLIAM LACY CLAY, SR.
HON.
WESLEY BELL

Mr. BELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and remember the Honorable

William Lacy Clay, Sr.
``We have no permanent friends, no permanent enemies, just permanent

interests.''
Our country lost a trailblazer.
Congressman Clay passed away after a

lifetime of service that reshaped St. Louis and our Nation.
Already a civil rights icon before he was elected, he didn't come to

Washington to play politics.
He came to fight for working people, Black

families, union members, and those too often left out and unheard.
He

carried their voices into this chamber and made sure they echoed.
Bill Clay was a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus.
I--and so many others--would not be here without the doors he opened

and the example he set.
I'm holding his son, my friend and predecessor Lacy Clay, the entire

Clay family, and the St. Louis community in my prayers.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily

Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of

Remarks section of the Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of

each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 24, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 29

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To receive a closed briefing on Operation MIDNIGHT

HAMMER.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine certain nominations.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine perspectives on

reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act.
JULY 30

10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Securities, Insurance, and Investment

To hold hearings to examine guardrails and growth,

focusing on AI's role in capital and insurance markets.