He spent the first

five and a half weeks of his life in the neonatal unit, but he quickly

grew to be the smart, funny, and compassionate person his family and

friends cherished.
Bobby attended Upper Moreland schools and Pennridge High School,

where he excelled in the honors and gifted programs, even taking

college courses at Bucks County Community College while still in high

school.
His talents also shone through his musical ability.
By playing

the trombone and trumpet, competing in jazz competitions, and singing

every song he knew.
Bobby expressed his passion and creativity with

infectious enthusiasm.
Beyond the classroom and his love for music.
Bobby grew up serving

his community.
After years of dedication with Boy Scout Troop 354.
he

became an Eagle Scout--just one example of his passion for leadership

and service.
He also volunteered as a firefighter for the Silverdale

and Perseverance Fire Company in Souderton, Pennsylvania.
Bobby continued his devoted service into his young adulthood.
In

April 2022, Bobby traveled to Ukraine to support humanitarian relief

efforts.
On this noble mission, he initially assisted in rescuing and

recovering the injured and deceased from bombed civilian areas,

including a maternity ward.
Working with the Believe Family Foundation,

he became a combat life-saver trainer to provide aid and deliver

medical supplies to the front lines.
In June 2024, Bobby courageously enlisted in the Ukrainian military--

standing shoulder to shoulder with brave Ukrainian men and women to

defend Ukraine.
He was deployed to the front multiple times, even

surviving a drone attack in October 2024, which left him with a severe

concussion and brain injury.
Despite this, Bobby returned to the fight

as soon as he was medically able--once again showcasing his true

determination and spirit.
In an effort to defend Pokrovsk from Russian invasion, Bobby gave his

life to protecting the people of Ukraine.
A true hero, he was a man who

transformed his values into action--exhibiting resilience and valor in

every chapter of his journey.
It is with profound respect that I honor Bobby's memory.
I send my

heartfelt condolences to all who had the privilege of knowing him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION REAFFIRMING THE PRINCIPLES OF THE

CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduced a House resolution

along with my colleague, Representative Lizzie Fletcher (TX-08), to

reaffirm the principles of the Constitution of the United States of

America, including the separation of powers, checks and balances, the

independence of the judiciary, and the power of Congress to control

spending, declare war, and conduct oversight.
This resolution also

reaffirms the key individual protections enshrined in the Constitution,

including due process and equal protection under the law.
This resolution comes six months into President Donald Trump's second

term, a period which has been marked by escalating erosions of

constitutional norms and executive overreach by his administration.
Article I of the Constitution grants Congress broad powers, including

the power to declare war, regulate commerce, raise revenue, appropriate

funds and conduct oversight.
For decades, Congress has gradually ceded

more of these Constitutional responsibilities to the executive branch.
As our country's founders warned, this has created a dangerous

situation ripe for Presidential abuse.
It is essential that Congress

reclaim its legitimate authority as the first branch of government.
My resolution declares that appropriations made by Congress are law,

not mere suggestions.
It quotes James Madison, who said ``this power

over the purse may, in fact, be regarded as the most complete and

effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate

representatives of the people.''
I urge my colleagues to hear this

message today.
This resolution is endorsed by more than a dozen public interest and

legal advocacy organizations, who stand united in reasserting the

essential roles of the legislative and judicial branches and in

declaring unequivocally that no individual--especially the President--

is above the law.