Paige is a member of Girl Scouts of

Michigan Shore to Shore, Troop 4504.
She has exemplified extraordinary

leadership, innovative problem-solving, and a demonstrated commitment

to making a lasting, positive impact by earning the most prestigious

award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
Gold Award Girl Scouts are recognized as trailblazers who are willing

to tackle the most pressing challenges facing their communities with

measurable, sustainable, and far-reaching results.
To earn the Girl

Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl Scouts must identify and

investigate an issue they care about, devise a plan, and then lead a

team of experts and community members to implement a project that

produces lasting change.
Over the course of 1 to 2 years, Gold Award

Girl Scouts demonstrate significant initiative, commitment, and

leadership, distinguishing them from their peers.
Through their

resourcefulness and perseverance, they embody the Girl Scout Law to

truly make the world a better place.
Paige's project, ``Growing Hope'', in partnership with Growing Roots,

addressed the challenge of finding accessible programs and

opportunities for those with disabilities in our community.
Paige took

action by designing and building a wheelchair-accessible garden bed to

help existing programs become more inclusive.
She created an

instruction manual to share with other organizations, providing a

supply list, step-by-step instructions for building, and insights

regarding the benefits of wheelchair-accessible garden beds.
This

project will have a positive impact on our community for years to come.
On behalf of Michigan's 3rd Congressional District, congratulations

to Paige Kitts for achieving the highest distinction in Girl Scouting,

the Gold Award.
We thank Paige for her leadership and for making such a

positive, enduring change in our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING CARROL EUGENE FRANKLIN

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise with a heavy heart,

but a grateful spirit, to honor the life of my friend, Commissioner

Carrol Eugene Franklin, who passed away peacefully in Hilliard,

Florida, at the young age of 76.
Born in Booneville, Mississippi,

Carrol lived a life shaped by hard work, deep faith, and a quiet but

profound dedication to others.
He was a proud combat veteran who served in the U.S. Army's 9th

Infantry Division during the Vietnam War.
That same courage and resolve

stayed with him throughout his life, whether it was in service to his

country, in business, or in leadership with the Nassau County Ocean

Highway & Port Authority.
Carrol was a man who showed up--not just when it was easy, but when

it was needed.
He believed in faith, integrity, and perseverance.
He

loved his family dearly.
And for 42 years, he stood side by side with

his beloved wife, Judy, raising their sons, Garrett and Greg, and

cherishing their granddaughter, Diana Del.

To his church family at First Baptist of Boulougne, his brothers and

sister, and his many friends, nieces, nephews, and neighbors who knew

him--Carrol was the kind of man whose legacy is etched not in

headlines, but in the lives he lifted.
Mr. Speaker, we say goodbye to a veteran, a man of character, a

family man, and my friend.
It hurts, because that's the impact that

Carrol has had on so many.
May his memory continue to inspire us all to

serve with heart, live with purpose, and love without hesitation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING JAMES VITALE

HON.
CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

Mr. DELUZIO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

memory of my constituent, James Anthony Vitale, who passed away

recently at the age of 66.
Mr. Vitale was a dedicated civic leader in Moon Township.
He was a dedicated public servant, serving on the Moon Township Board

of Supervisors for nearly 18 years, holding the positions of Chairman

or Vice Chairman for 11 of those years.