MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr.

Barbara Nemko, Ph.D., on the occasion of her retirement after 28 years

as Napa County Superintendent of Schools and a lifetime of service to

education.
Dr. Nemko was born in the Bronx, New York, where her journey in

education began.
She earned her Bachelor of Arts and Master's degrees

from Queens College, and started her career as a second-grade teacher

in New York City.
Her academic work continued at the University of

California, Berkeley, where she earned her Ph.D. in Reading and

Evaluation of School Programs in 1981, a milestone that also began her

love affair with California.
After joining the Napa County Office of Education in 1991, Dr. Nemko

was appointed as the Napa County Superintendent of Schools in 1997, and

later elected to the position in 1998.
Dr. Nemko held this role for an

unprecedented 28 years.
At the time of her retirement, Dr. Nemko was

the longest-serving county superintendent in office in our state.
Her

tenure transformed Napa County's education system, establishing the

Office of Education as a regional leader in early learning, special

education, career technical education, mental health services, and

professional development for educators.
Dr. Nemko was known for her forward-thinking leadership, particularly

in advancing educational technology.
She was an early advocate for

closing the digital divide, securing technology and internet access for

thousands of students in Napa County.
She pioneered programs like the

Superintendent's Fund to provide children with eyeglasses, orthotics,

and other critical needs not covered by existing budgets.
Her leadership has extended beyond the classroom.
Dr. Nemko served on

the Community Corrections Board and Juvenile Justice Committee for her

entire tenure as Superintendent, completed Leadership Napa Valley in

1999, and later joined its Board of Directors.
She also served as

President of the Rotary Club of Napa from 2013 to 2014.
In recognition

of her advocacy, she was named Woman of the Year for the 7th Assembly

District by the California Legislature in 2009, received the Public

Policy Advocate Award from the International Society for Technology in

Education in 2014, and earned the Platinum Disk Award from Computer

Using Educators in 2019.
Beyond her professional accomplishments, Dr. Nemko is deeply

committed to her family

and the arts.
She has performed in numerous community theater

productions with Dreamweavers, Lucky Penny, and Valley Players.
She is

married to Dr. Marty Nemko, an accomplished career coach, author, and

writer.
Together they raised their daughter, Amy Zubrensky, who served

as a researcher in the Clinton White House, earned her law degree from

Yale, and now serves as an Assistant U.S. Attorney at the U.S.

Department of Justice.
Dr. Nemko and her husband are the proud

grandparents of Lea and Sara Zubrensky.
Mr. Speaker, for nearly three decades, Dr. Barbara Nemko has

dedicated herself to strengthening Napa County's education system and

enriching her community.
It is fitting and proper that we recognize her

extraordinary career, leadership, and service here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERT ``BOBBY'' EDWARD PIETRANGELO

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to pay

tribute to a courageous advocate, passionate man of faith and service,

and devoted son, partner, and friend--Robert (Bobby) Edward

Pietrangelo.
We honor Bobby following his passing on January 3.
2025.
Born on December 14, 2001, in Abington, Pennsylvania, Bobby entered

the world showcasing true strength and resilience.
He spent the first

five and a half weeks of his life in the neonatal unit, but he quickly

grew to be the smart, funny, and compassionate person his family and

friends cherished.
Bobby attended Upper Moreland schools and Pennridge High School,

where he excelled in the honors and gifted programs, even taking

college courses at Bucks County Community College while still in high

school.
His talents also shone through his musical ability.