Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate former Ambassador and Congresswoman Diane Watson's 90th birthday.
Congresswoman Watson paved the way for the many Black female legislators, myself included, who would come after her.
She is a true trailblazer, becoming the first Black female member of the Los Angeles Unified School District Board and the first Black female California State Senator.
Today we recognize her remarkable contributions to Los Angeles, the State of California, and the United States.
Born in Los Angeles, CA, Congresswoman Watson attended local Los Angeles public schools before earning her Bachelor's degree in Education from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA), her Master's degree in School Psychology from California State University at Los Angeles (Cal State LA), and her PhD in Educational Administration from Claremont Graduate College.
Congresswoman Watson began her life of public service as an elementary school teacher and worked diligently up the ranks to become an assistant principal and a school psychologist, touching the lives of countless students.
She also served as a Health Education Specialist for Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD), at UCLA, and at Cal State LA.
In 1975, distinguished members of the Los Angeles community encouraged her to seek election to the LAUSD School Board.
She won her election, and in this role, she worked to expand school integration and to raise the rigor of academic standards for all students.
In 1978, Congresswoman Watson became the first Black woman elected to the California State Senate, where she served on the Senate Judiciary Committee and as Chair of the Health and Human Services Committee from 1981 through 1998.
At the state level, she championed legislation for nutrition assistance programs, breast cancer research, and access to health care.
In 1999, President Clinton appointed Congresswoman Watson as the Ambassador to the Federated States of Micronesia, where she helped stop illegal toxic waste from being dumped into surrounding waters.
After her election to the House of Representatives in 2001, she served California's 33rd District faithfully for a decade, representing areas of Los Angeles that are now part of the 37th District.
Congresswoman Watson became a vocal leader on issues related to racism and xenophobia, supporting reparations for descendants of enslaved Americans, educational system reform, and a comprehensive overhaul of the nation's criminal justice system.
She also called out the rise of Islamophobia following the 9/11 attacks.
Her tenure as a legislator demonstrated a dedication to creating legislation and initiatives for the betterment of all.
Throughout her career, Congresswoman Watson was a trailblazer, building a legacy of mentorship, leadership, and strength for others to emulate in their own public service careers.
I am honored to commemorate her impact on communities throughout California and the United States.
I hope you will join me in wishing Congresswoman Diane Watson a very happy birthday.