He

returned to the U.S. in 1939 and immediately enlisted to serve his

country.
He was personally selected by Lieutenant Colonel James Gavin

to contribute his artistic and linguistic abilities to the 505th

Parachute Infantry.
Mr. Kastrantas was a skilled mapmaker and spoke

five languages fluently, allowing him to be an incredible asset to the

82nd Airborne Division during World War II.
Affectionately nicknamed ``The Greek,'' he used his skills to map

drop points at Normandy and completed four combat jumps in Normandy,

Sicily, Salerno, and Holland as a paratrooper.
His intelligence and

abilities were invaluable, enabling him to create a 3-dimensional sand

table map for his unit's mission on D-Day.
Nick also fought in the

Battle of the Bulge and earned six bronze stars, the Combat Infantryman

Badge, and the Parachutist Badge through his heroic service.
Mr. Kastrantas settled down in Detroit, MI after the war and made a

name for himself as a commercial artist.
He lived a long life and left

us on August 31, 2011.
His legacy lives on through his daughter, Ann,

and in his murals that can be found in restaurants around Michigan.
Mr. Speaker, I am deeply honored to recognize the life and service of

Private Nicholas F. Kastrantas--a man who used his creativity and

dedication to serve his country in its hour of need.
Please join me in

celebrating his wondrous life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN MEMORY OF DR.
SHELIA ROSS

HON.
JERRY L. CARL

Mr. CARL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember a dear

friend, Dr. Shelia Ross who passed away on September 13 after a hard-

fought battle of cancer.
As the Director of The University of South

Alabama Health Stroke Program, Dr. Ross was focused on working with

other health officials and community members on advocating for brain

health and stroke care.
She used every opportunity to educate the

residents of Mobile about the functions of the brain, in specific

relation to strokes.
I am honored to have had such a courageous

individual and friend residing in and helping the people of the First

District of Alabama, and we will miss her greatly.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ADRIANO ESPAILLAT

Mr. ESPAILLAT.
Mr. Speaker, due to an unforeseen matter, I was not

present for one vote on Tuesday, September 17, 2024 and one vote on

NAY on Roll Call No.
403, and YEA on Roll Call No.
419.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT GARY THOMPSON

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gary Thompson of

Cooper, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Gary has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community and

country.
Growing up in Lake Creek, Texas, Gary studied at the Delmar Schools

and graduated from Cooper High School in 1967.
He then attended East

Texas State University and earned a degree in History and P.E. in 1983.
Gary joined the US Navy in 1971 and served our country for over 20

years before retiring in 1995 as an E6 Petty Officer Crew Chief on a

DC-9.
Throughout his time in the Navy, Gary was stationed at NAS

Memphis, where he was trained for 3 months, stationed at NAS Miramar in

Vietnam for three and a half years and stationed at NAS Dallas during

Desert Storm for three months.
He continued his public service in law

enforcement, serving as a Delta County Constable and Sheriff's office

Investigator, and Lamar County Investigator.
Today, Gary spends most of

his time running his ranch.
Gary's commitment to public service continued as Commander of the

American Legion, Red Henderson Post 483, where he helped initiate a

local scholarship program and placed flags in local cemeteries to honor

our veterans.