Post Office

Building'', an original bill entitled, ``Taxpayer

Resources Used in Emergencies Accountability Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Federal Advisory Committee

Database Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Improving

Senate Confirmation and Vacancy Oversight Act'', an

original bill entitled, ``Modernizing Data Practices to

Improve Government Act'', an original bill entitled,

``Eliminate Congressional Records Advisory Committee

Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Northern Border

Security Enhancement and Review Act'', an original bill

entitled, ``Plum Island Preservation Act'', and an

original bill entitled, ``Cross-Border Tunnel Report

Act''.
10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Marcus D.

Graham, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Farm Credit

Administration Board, and Julie Brinn Siegel, of the

District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the

Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities

and Exchange Commission.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine economic risks from housing

unaffordability, focusing on the costs of inaction.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Carl

Whitney Bentzel, of Maryland, to be a Federal Maritime

Commissioner, Thomas.
B. Chapman, of Maryland, to be a

Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and

Lanhee J. Chen, of California, to be a Director of the

Amtrak Board of Directors.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 4425, to support

democracy and the rule of law in Georgia, H.R. 8282, to

impose sanctions with respect to the International

Criminal Court engaged in any effort to investigate,

arrest, detain, or prosecute any protected person of

the United States and its allies, and the nominations

of Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of Florida, to be

Representative of the United States on the Executive

Board of the World Health Organization, Kristen Sarri,

of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and

International Environmental and Scientific Affairs,

John N. Nkengasong, of Georgia, to be Ambassador-At-

Large for Global Health Security and Diplomacy,

Elizabeth K. Horst, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to

the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, Troy

Fitrell, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic

of Seychelles, Kelly Adams-Smith, of New Jersey, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Juan Carlos

Iturregui, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the

Dominican Republic, Jennifer D. Gavito, of Colorado, to

be Ambassador to the State of Libya, Tracey Ann

Jacobson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic

of Iraq, Joshua M. Harris, of Maryland, to be

Ambassador to the People's Democratic Republic of

Algeria, and Peter W. Lord, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve

concurrently and without additional compensation as

Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, all of the

Department of State.
S-116

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety

To hold hearings to examine preparing workers for AI.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine FAA oversight of Boeing's

broken safety culture.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine sexual assault in U.S.

prisons two decades after the Prison Rape Elimination

Act.