From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE BILBY FAMILY

HON.
JAMES COMER

Mr. COMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Bilby Family of

Franklin County who has received the 2024 Angels in Adoption Award from

the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute.
Each year, CCAI selects individuals across the country who are

committed to improving the lives of children in need of loving homes.
The Bilby Family started their journey in 2017 and immediately

recognized the need for foster parents in Kentucky.
In 2019, 2-year-old

James came into the family's life.
Since adopting James, the Bilby

Family has grown closer, and James has become an integral part of their

family.
Their story can serve as a blueprint for others who seek to

open their homes and hearts to children in need of a forever family.
The entire 1st Congressional District of Kentucky should be proud of

the Bilby Family.
Their advocacy is inspiring and will have a lasting impact in Franklin

County and beyond.
I thank the Bilby family for supporting and

advocating for Kentucky families.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PRESIDENTIAL SERVICE BADGE FOUNDATION

HON.
RICHARD E. NEAL

Mr. NEAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the work of the

Presidential Service Badge

Foundation, a new organization seeking to raise awareness about the

importance of public service by empowering servicemembers and their

families.
Through philanthropic efforts, including a newly launched scholarship

fund, the Foundation seeks to raise awareness of the connection between

family and our military.
Additionally, the Foundation seeks to showcase

the honored men and women who earn the Presidential Service Badge

through non-partisan support to the Office of the President.
As the Dean of the Massachusetts and New England Delegations, I would

like to join Massachusetts Governor Maura Healey in recognizing this

organization and commending them for their support of those who have

served our democracy.
I am proud of the fact that New England is home

to more Presidential Service Badge recipients than any other region in

the country, with over 2,000 in Massachusetts alone.
I thank them for

their hard work, and I wish them many more years of success and

prosperity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VANCE LELLI

HON.
MARILYN STRICKLAND

Ms. STRICKLAND.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Vance Lelli,

who retired earlier this month from his positions as a committed

longshoreman and as head of the Pierce County Central Labor Council.
He

also served over two decades on the Washington State Labor Council

Central Committee.
The Lelli family are known for their instrumental role in attracting

new businesses and economic opportunities to the Port of Tacoma and

transitioning it into one of the principal ports of entry on the

Pacific Coast.
Vance Lelli has built upon this legacy in his own way,

profoundly impacting our local longshoremen and women and the broader

labor community in Washington State.
Throughout his career, Vance has been a tireless advocate for working

people, championing their rights and welfare with dedication.
His

efforts have strengthened working conditions and are supporting working

families and retirees across the state.
On behalf of the thousands of

union households in the South Sound, I thank Vance for his decades of

service and leadership.
His contributions have made a lasting

difference.
I wish him all the best as he begins this new chapter of

his life.
Congratulations to Vance.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.