I wish him all the best as he begins this new chapter of

his life.
Congratulations to Vance.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 19, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine women's health care.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International

Cybersecurity Policy

To hold hearings to examine cyberspace under threat in

the era of rising authoritarianism and global

competition.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine conflicts of interest in

Federal contracting to protect America's future,

focusing on safeguarding the homeland.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the Supreme Court's immunity

decision.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Russia's shadow war on NATO.