Title: ANGELS IN ADOPTION--JONI CARRICO; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
145

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ANGELS IN ADOPTION--JONI CARRICO

HON.
JAMES COMER

Mr. COMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Joni Carrico of

Graves County on being chosen as the 2024 Angel to Adoption by the

Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute.
Ms. Carrico has worked

tirelessly with Hope That Binds, a nonprofit organization based out of

Western Kentucky that aims to provide financial assistance for foster

and adoptive families.
Through Hope That Binds, a network of loving

families is growing and expanding.
To date, over 100 families have been

assisted through the organization's fundraisers and grant program.
Throughout her time at Hope That Binds, Ms. Carrico has been a voice

of advocacy in her church and community.
Her service has provided much

encouragement to the 1st Congressional District of Kentucky and our

constituents.
She remains an important voice for hopeful parents

seeking to grow their home.
Ms. Carrico is an outstanding leader in Western Kentucky and her work

impacts our communities daily.
I thank Ms. Carrico for supporting,

connecting and advocating for Kentucky families.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATION FOR BEA HOLDING

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to recognize

former staff member Beatrice Holding for her service to the citizens of

the District of South Carolina.
Beatrice was a valued team member, and both her contributions and

presence will be missed.
Upon graduating from the University of North

Carolina, she took on staff assistant duties in the Washington Office

and immediately became a welcomed, energetic face.
As the daughter of former Congressman George Holding from North

Carolina, Beatrice was already familiar with the work of Congress and

was able to jump directly into policy work, eventually earning her the

title of Legislative Aide.
Beatrice brought a unique background to the office being a dual U.S.-

U.K. citizen, always helping the staff and myself to use proper

English.
I offer her the best of luck as she continues her career in

politics working on the campaign of North Carolina U.S. Congressional

Candidate Brad Knott.
In conclusion, God bless our troops who successfully protected

America for 20 years as the Global War On Terrorism moves from the

Afghanistan safe haven to America.
We do not need new border laws.
We

need to enforce the existing border laws.
Harris shamefully opens

borders for dictators as more 9/11 attacks across America are imminent,

as repeatedly warned by the FBI.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SENATOR WENDELL H. FORD

HON.
MORGAN McGARVEY

Mr. McGARVEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to one of the

great leaders in the history of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, former

Governor and United States Senator Wendell H. Ford.
September 8, 2024,

would have been Senator Ford's 100th birthday, and the day brought back

many special memories for me, my family, and countless others whose

lives were improved by his lifetime of service.
Born September 8, 1924, he is the first and only Kentuckian to ever

serve as a state senator, lieutenant governor, governor, and United

States senator.
His career started in 1965 as a state senator from his

hometown of Owensboro, later saw him serve as the Commonwealth's 49th

governor from 1971 to 1974, and concluded with his retirement in

January 1999 after four consecutive terms in the United States Senate.
First elected to the Senate in December 1974, he served as Democratic

whip from 1991 until his retirement.