Born September 8, 1924, he is the first and only Kentuckian to ever

serve as a state senator, lieutenant governor, governor, and United

States senator.
His career started in 1965 as a state senator from his

hometown of Owensboro, later saw him serve as the Commonwealth's 49th

governor from 1971 to 1974, and concluded with his retirement in

January 1999 after four consecutive terms in the United States Senate.
First elected to the Senate in December 1974, he served as Democratic

whip from 1991 until his retirement.
In the Senate, he played a key

role in shaping many key pieces of legislation, including the National

Voter Registration Act, the Federal Aviation Administration

Authorization Act of 1994, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the

National Energy Security Act of 1992, the Aviation Safety and Capacity

Act of 1990, the Airport and Airways Capacity Expansion Act of 1987,

the Age Discrimination Act in Employment Act Amendments of 1986, the

Tobacco Reform Act of 1985, and the Energy Security Act of 1977.
As

chairman of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, he led

the Joint Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies for the inaugurations of

President George H.W. Bush in 1989 and President William Jefferson

Clinton in 1993 and 1997.
In reflecting on Senator Ford's long and accomplished career--and

what it might mean for us today--three thoughts stand out:

First, he believed with all his heart that the sole purpose of

government was to serve people, and he lived that philosophy every day

in every office he held.
Second, he thought that politics was an honorable calling and that

government at any level could not succeed unless individuals from all

walks of life took time to become involved and engaged.
Third, coming from the state that produced Henry Clay, he recognized

democracy could not work without compromise involving give and take

from all sides.
He was fond of saying that there are no victories in

Washington, only varying degrees of defeat.
Senator Ford continued his life of service after his Senate career

ended, teaching at the University of Kentucky, working with young

people at the Wendell H. Ford Education Center in Owensboro, and

serving as a mentor to countless young leaders across the Commonwealth.
He passed away on January 22, 2015, at the age of 90.
His wife Jean

celebrated her 100th birthday on March 1 of this year and still lives

in the family home in Owensboro.
She and Senator Ford were married 71

years before his passing.
On a personal note, I would add that one of those young people

receiving Senator Ford's wise counsel was me.
He was a tremendous role

model for me, a close friend of my family, and someone who demonstrated

the true meaning of public service.
Let his lifetime commitment of

service be an example for us all as we remember him on the occasion of

his 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF NICK F. KASTRANTAS DURING WORLD WAR II

HON.
HALEY M. STEVENS

Ms. STEVENS.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to recognize the

honorable life of Sergeant Nicholas F. Kastrantas, a distinguished

veteran, father, and artist.
Mr. Kastrantas, in his military service,

creative endeavors, and personal life displayed intelligence,

dedication, and a commitment to fighting on behalf of the greater good.
Mr. Kastrantas was born in Pennsylvania and grew up in Greece, where

he joined the Greek army and mastered the art of cartography.
He

returned to the U.S. in 1939 and immediately enlisted to serve his

country.
He was personally selected by Lieutenant Colonel James Gavin

to contribute his artistic and linguistic abilities to the 505th

Parachute Infantry.
Mr. Kastrantas was a skilled mapmaker and spoke

five languages fluently, allowing him to be an incredible asset to the

82nd Airborne Division during World War II.