He continued his public service in law

enforcement, serving as a Delta County Constable and Sheriff's office

Investigator, and Lamar County Investigator.
Today, Gary spends most of

his time running his ranch.
Gary's commitment to public service continued as Commander of the

American Legion, Red Henderson Post 483, where he helped initiate a

local scholarship program and placed flags in local cemeteries to honor

our veterans.
He stays involved with his community today, sitting on

the Delta County Museum Board, the Camp Shed and Mt. Joy Cemetery

Board, the Red River Valley Veterans Memorial Board and the Red River

Valley Tractor Club.
Gary is a proud member of New Hope Church in

Cooper, where he sings in the Lighthouse Gospel Quartet, and serves as

the treasurer.
I commend Gary for his dedicated service to the people

of our community and wish him continued success for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Gary with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of our Nation and the people of North

Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT SAM PACK

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Sam Pack of

Dallas, Texas, and present him with the Congressional Patriot Award.
Sam has dedicated himself to faithfully serving our community.
Sam was born in Stephensville, Texas, and attended Tarleton State

College to study business.
As a young man, he worked at his family's

gas station and convenience store, as well as Piggly Wiggly and

Safeway.
Sam began working for the Ford Motor Credit Company in 1962

and rose up the ranks to become a Branch Manager.
As a result of his

expertise in the automobile industry, he decided to pursue a career as

a full time dealer.
In February of 1980, Sam purchased Lee Jarmon Ford,

now known as the Sam Pack Auto Group.
For over 40 years, the Sam Pack

Auto Group has continued to provide North Texas residents with

excellent auto and customer care through a focus on employee success,

personal growth, and community outreach.
For his outstanding entrepreneurship, Sam has received countless

awards, including Business of the Year, Retailer of the Year, and the

Lou Sartor Heart for the Community award.
Sam Pack Auto Group won Time

Magazine's Quality Dealer of the Year in 1998 and was inducted into the

Ford Motor Company's Hall of Fame.
In 2023, Sam earned an honorary

doctorate's degree from Tarleton State University, and it has

established the Dr. Sam Pack College of Business in his honor.
In addition to his professional career, Sam is involved with the Holy

Angels nonprofit organization in Shreveport, Louisiana, to assist

individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities.
For over

67 years, he has been married to his wonderful wife Carol.
They have

two sons, Tony and Todd, and two grandchildren, Carly and Macy.
A

devoted man of faith, Sam attends the Good Shepherd Episcopal Church in

Dallas.
I am proud of the work Sam has accomplished, and I wish him

continued success for many years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Sam with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
SCOTT ORR

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a

loving husband, dedicated father, seasoned legislative affairs

executive, and dear friend of longstanding, Mr. Scott Orr for his

nearly 42 years working at Georgia Power.
Scott will be retiring after

42 years of working with the company and a reception will be held in

his honor on September 18, 2024, at the Southern Company DC Office.
Scott Orr began working with Georgia Power in 1982 as an Industrial

Marketing Engineer.