What steps he is taking to improve skills in the defence sector.
As I will shortly outline to the House, as part of the launch of the defence industrial strategy, this Government will set out an ambitious skills package that will grow, retain and develop the well-paid, high-skilled workforce that the UK requires to boost jobs and make defence an engine for growth in every nation and region of the country.
Last week, I visited RAF Wyton in Huntingdonshire, which employs many of my constituents.
Under the new cyber and specialist operations command, Wyton provides a critical part of our defence intelligence, and the plans to expand the work of the base will provide significant career opportunities for my constituents in northern Huntingdonshire.
[Interruption.]
Yes,  the hon.
Member for Huntingdon (Ben Obese-Jecty)  was there, too.
Order.
I do not want cross-party relationships broken on account of whose constituency something is in.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Does the Minister agree that developing the defence industry in Huntingdonshire will unlock local growth and prosperity?
Can he outline how we will support skills development to ensure my constituents can access these opportunities?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion of his constituents who work at RAF Wyton, and all those who could work there through the expanded opportunities, which I have spoken to  the hon.
Member for Huntingdon (Ben Obese-Jecty)  about.
I am glad that there is cross-party support for the investment that this Government could make.
There is a real opportunity to use defence as an engine for growth, creating more opportunities for our young people in particular.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Cambridgeshire (Sam Carling)  and the hon.
Member for Huntingdon to discuss how we can further develop the opportunity at hand, in a spirit of cross-party consensus.
Charles Stewart Parnell came to this place and used British institutions against the British state.
Now, in Scotland, we have First Minister John Swinney, who is a kind of pound-shop Parnell.
Although we are hearing much about defence infrastructure across the UK, the SNP Government have a presumption against supporting defence industries in Scotland.
What are we going to do about it?
Defence sits here, not in Holyrood.
This Government’s approach is to create jobs and opportunity through the increasing defence budget in every part of the United Kingdom, including Scotland.
The Norway frigate deal highlights how a UK Government selling our wares and our expertise on the global stage can provide additional jobs, with 4,000 jobs from that deal across the UK, including 2,000 in Scotland.
While the SNP Government have been dithering on defence, this Labour Government have been delivering.
What steps he is taking to improve recruitment and retention in the armed forces.
Minister, welcome.
It is a huge honour to be here, and I am very honoured.
We inherited a crisis in recruitment and retention.
This Government are renewing the contract with those who serve by giving them the largest pay rise in 20 years, allocating an extra £1.5 billion to fix forces housing and establishing a new Armed Forces Commissioner.
It is clear that our actions are having an effect.
On recruitment, inflow continues to improve and is up 13% year on year, and applications to join the armed forces and intakes to basic training both remain high.
On retention, morale had been falling year on year with more people leaving than joining, but we have started to reverse that decline, with an 11% reduction in outflow year on year.