Nearly a fifth of a million people have now signed the parliamentary petition to protect Northern Ireland veterans from prosecution, in opposition to Labour’s proposals for two-tier justice.
Surely Ministers must understand that facilitating lawfare against our Army veterans, none of whom received letters of comfort after leaving their service, shows that Labour just does not have their back?
I highlight to the right hon.
Gentleman that 200 families—200 mothers, fathers, brothers or sisters—of those that served had their inquest inquiries, insight and understanding closed off when the legacy Act came into place.
They were serving members of the security forces and their families deserve truth.
However, we must ensure that we also provide protection for veterans as we move forward, so that they are not subject to lawfare, as the right hon.
Gentleman mentions, and that the process does not become the punishment for veterans as we move forward.
Labour’s currently stalled remedial order would specifically make it easier for Gerry Adams and his friends to sue the British taxpayer while throwing our Army veterans, many of them recruited from red  wall seats, to the wolves.
After everything the Government put their Back Benchers through in recent months, are No. 10 and Ministers really intending to press ahead with this madness and do Gerry Adams a favour, at the expense of the soldiers who opposed him?
Are they pressing ahead with the remedial order—yes or no?
The right hon.
Gentleman is missing the point.
He is trying to divide the House, veterans and the armed forces community, and it has got to stop.
The reality is that we will produce legislation that will allow families to get to the truth.
He should put himself in the shoes of the families who have lost loved ones, and then put himself in the shoes of veterans—I am a Northern Ireland veteran—and accept that if the protections are in place to ensure that the process does not become the punishment, we have a good solution.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on meeting the NATO target of spending 5% of GDP on defence.
At the Hague summit in June, all 32 NATO nations agreed to step up and increase spending on national security to 5% by 2035.
I am proud that this Labour Government played a leading part in the discussions that led to that historic agreement.
Tomorrow we will vote on a Bill that shamefully gives up the sovereignty of our military base in Diego Garcia.
Given the commitment to spend more on defence, will the Secretary of State confirm if the money spent on Chagos will be included in our declared NATO spend?
The investment in Diego Garcia is a great investment in the defence and intelligence partnership with the United States.
Together, we do things from Diego Garcia that cannot be done elsewhere; we do things together that we do not do with other nations.
The deal is worth less than 0.2% of the annual defence budget.
How is it that the Conservatives have got themselves on the wrong side of this argument about national security, when we stand alongside the US as our closest allies?
Britain’s commitment to the 5% NATO target clearly sends a strong signal of our resolve, but that pledge must command public confidence that the money will be spent wisely.
Can the Secretary of State provide more detail on how he is working with the Treasury, the Cabinet Office and others to ensure that every additional pound of public investment in defence delivers value for money for the taxpayer?
My hon.
Friend is right.
This is about not just how much the Government spend, but how well they spend.
Mr Speaker, you will remember that under the previous Government, the Public Accounts Committee branded our defence procurement system as “broken”.
We are reforming procurement, and that will be part of the statement this afternoon on the defence industrial  strategy by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) .
At the heart of this, we made a commitment to the British people at the last election that we would raise defence spending to 2.5% of GDP, and we are doing that three years early.
This is a Government who are delivering for defence and for Britain.
The Defence Secretary says that the Chagos giveaway will amount to no more than 0.2% of our defence budget.
Does that not suggest the cost of the Chagos giveaway will in fact come out of the defence budget?
On the contrary, both the Foreign Secretary and I have been consistent that, taken across the range, the cost of the settlement with Mauritius for Diego Garcia is split between the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
For defence, our commitment is less than 0.2% of the defence budget.
That is a good investment for this country, and it gives us a sovereign right to operate that base with the Americans for the next 99 years.