I want to come back to the issue of the impact on frontline policing.
As a central London MP, I am seeing resources being drawn away from my local police to deal with the protests.
My constituents want those frontline police officers to be solving crime on their streets; the Minister will understand the sheer scale of their concerns about ensuring the police can get to grips with that locally.
Returning to the point made by the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee, will the Minister assure me that those ongoing discussions with the police are happening, including with the chair of the Metropolitan Police Federation, who said on the “World at One” today that the protests are “not sustainable”?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point, as did the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
She will absolutely understand the importance that this Government attach to the safer streets agenda.
I can give her an assurance that we are working very closely with the Metropolitan police and other police forces around the country to ensure that they have the resources they need to police these kinds of protests and activities, alongside the other activities that they are required  to police.
The Home Secretary, the Policing Minister and I take these matters very seriously.
We met senior representatives of the Metropolitan police just last week, but I give my hon.
Friend an absolute assurance that we will ensure that the police have the necessary resources to do the job that we ask them to do.
Given the scale of arrests over the weekend and the Minister stating that he has no intention to review legislation, will he commit instead to an independent review of the use of terrorism legislation against people peacefully protesting to see if it is fit for purpose?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question; I hope that she heard the response I gave a moment ago—that it would not be appropriate to get into a review process at this particular moment because of ongoing legal proceedings.
We are incredibly fortunate to have Jonathan Hall KC as the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation.
He brings a weight of authority and credibility to the process.
I know that he has particular views on the issue, and I invite her and other Members to look closely at what he has said about it.
Does the Minister agree that the continued mass arrest of peaceful protesters, many of whom are protesting about the proscription of Palestine Action but would not for a moment support the activities of Palestine Action, is something that we should distinguish and that we should advise prosectors and the police about—not least because the furore around the arrests risks drowning out the rightful protests about the difficult situation in Palestine and Gaza, to which the Minister has referred?
My hon.
Friend raises some really important points.
For clarity, it is an offence to display support for Palestine Action, but it is not an offence to criticise the Government’s decision to proscribe, so difficult judgments often have to be made by the police on the ground.
Let me give her a categorical assurance that this Government will do nothing to get in the way of somebody’s absolute right to protest about a matter about which they are concerned.
In many respects, it was incredibly heartening to see tens of thousands of people take to the streets to express their concern in an entirely peaceful and lawful way, and I hope that will long continue.
As I have indicated previously, I have my doubts about whether the terrorism label is most suited to a group that is certainly criminal, certainly violent, and arguably seditious, in its attacks on the assets of our military, but I have a positive suggestion to make.
Will the Minister undertake fully to brief the Chairman and members of the Intelligence and Security Committee, which I used to chair but on which I now no longer serve?
If they were able to see information that the Minister cannot share publicly and say to us that they were satisfied with the terrorism designation, I for one would find that reassuring.
I am always very grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman, who speaks with a real wisdom about these matters, and I can give him those assurances.
We have been in contact with the Committee, which he used to chair; it consists of some incredibly experienced and  wise parliamentarians, and we seek to take their counsel at every opportunity—so, yes, we have engaged with them and will continue to do so on this matter and others.
While Palestine Action waged its campaign of intimidation and went about damaging military bases, with very little impact in the middle east, this week the Government will host President Abbas and President Herzog for discussions on a more peaceful future for Palestinians and Israelis alike.
Does the Minister agree that, unlike Palestine Action, this Government are actually taking genuine and serious steps to support peace in the middle east?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his comments, and I completely agree.
I think there is an absolute point of consensus in this place—and, I hope, much further afield—about the urgent need to secure peace in the middle east.
This Government, led by the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and colleagues in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, will do everything we possibly can to support that important process.
The optics of octogenarian priests being arrested alongside hundreds of peaceful protesters are absolutely awful for this Government.
We had only three arrests over the weekend in Scotland, because Police Scotland seemed to deploy a much more conciliatory and community-based approach.
Does the Minister support operational independence across the UK?
If police forces feel it is in their interests to have different policing arrangements from the Metropolitan police, will he support them and say that there will be no Government interference in their operations?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his engagement over the course of the summer.
I can give him an absolute assurance: yes, of course we believe in the absolute importance of the operational independence of the police.
They have to make some very difficult judgments, but I hope he agrees that nobody should be above the law; there is not an age limitation with regard to these offences.
The police have difficult judgments to make, but in the main they have acted proportionately and without fear or favour, in the best traditions of British policing.
This weekend alone, almost 900 people—several of whom were from my constituency—were arrested.
The Terrorism Act was not brought in to arrest vicars, retired grandmothers and NHS consultants for holding a placard, yet the police are now in the position where that is exactly what they are doing weekend after weekend.
Will the Minister consider the views of international human rights experts, like the UN Human Rights Commissioner, who has described the ban as “disproportionate and unnecessary”?
Will he also acknowledge our concerns that political decisions must be open to political challenge—otherwise, we risk a massive loss of confidence in our democracy?
I completely agree with the point about political challenge; that is why we are here today to debate the decision and the policing around it.
I hope my hon.
Friend will understand that the Government  have acted in good faith, as we always seek to do.
The advice that the Government received was clear and unambiguous.
Palestine Action is concerned in terrorism, and its members have demonstrated a willingness or intention to conduct, in pursuit of its cause, serious violence against persons.
Under those particular circumstances, the Government have a responsibility and a duty to act.
As I have mentioned previously, and my hon.
Friend will know, the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation has been widely quoted about his response to the actions that the Government have taken; he concluded in a recent article that there is no way that ordinary criminal law would have been effective against this organisation.
Does the Minister agree that, while in this case, proscription may be a finely balanced decision, the law must be upheld whether you like it or not, whoever you are and wherever you are?
Does he therefore share my concern that in this case, there appears to be some regional disparity in the interpretation of the law, as evidenced by the different rates at which people were arrested across this country at the weekend?
As always, I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question, and I acknowledge his assessment of the decision as being finely balanced.
As I know he will understand, should this or any Government have taken a different approach, we would no doubt have been in this Chamber debating why the Government had decided to not proscribe.
These are difficult judgments, but under the circumstances I have described, the then Home Secretary did exactly the right thing in taking the decision she did.