It is clear that Vladimir Putin remains hellbent on the conquest of Ukraine, while he drags Trump along with false promises of peace.
It is right of the Government to have taken steps such as putting in place the recent price cap cut, to hurt Putin’s oil profits, but the Government must go further.
Analysis by the Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air think-tank shows that the UK has sent over £500 million in tax receipts to the Kremlin by continuing to import petroleum products derived from Russian oil from third countries.
Will the Government commit to finally closing this loophole, which is currently filling the Kremlin’s coffers?
We are always ready to take further steps on imposing economic sanctions, and to close any loopholes in those sanctions.
We have a record, under both the last Government and this Government, of being at the forefront of imposing these sorts of economic measures on Putin’s regime.
Like several colleagues across the House, I grew up in the air cadets.
I left as a cadet warrant officer, having gained so much by flying aeroplanes, shooting rifles, marching in a band and, crucially, learning the self-discipline and leadership that ultimately brought me to this House.
Cadets and adult volunteers I have spoken to recently are over the moon about our plan to increase the size of the cadet forces by 30% by 2030.
However, as we increase the size of the cadet forces, how can we ensure that every cadet will have the same access to opportunities as they currently do, when resources for activities are limited?
The expansion of the cadets—30% by 2030— is front and centre of my portfolio.
We will ensure that the £70 million is spent on expanding the services, as well as increasing the standard of training, insight and access that cadets have across the country.
I congratulate the hon.
Members for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard), and for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones), on their new ministerial positions.
My constituent, former senior aircraftsman Mark Shephard, was subjected to discriminatory dismissal from the RAF, denying him his whole future career in the RAF.
Could the Minister explain why he has been accepted for an impact payment, but denied a discharge and dismissal payment, with no explanation?
Will the Minister review the whole DDP, so that it honours— Order.
Time limits apply to Liberal Democrats as well.
If the hon.
Member writes to me with the details of that case, I will look into it.
There is a plethora of issues and complexities with some of these policies, but I will take this case on and have a look.
We have already highlighted the welcome investment in shipbuilding on the Clyde and the Forth, which clearly demonstrates the real benefit of being part of the Union.
What assessment has the Minister made of other potential export deals?
What steps is he taking to ensure that the Ministry of Defence takes up those opportunities?
The Type 26 deal with Norway shows what is possible when we have a determined export campaign.
We are looking at working with a number of our European allies, and allies further afield, on export deals, not just for our larger platforms, such as warships, but missiles, electronic systems and a whole range of defence equipment, to create more jobs here in Britain.
I am happy to discuss that further with my hon.
Friend.
Pensions forfeiture for ex-armed forces personnel is rare—it is usually reserved for cases of serious criminal activity and those with serious criminal convictions—but is it not time that the small number of ex-forces personnel from this country who are shamefully fighting for the Russian Federation, either directly in Ukraine or through proxies in north Africa and sub-Saharan Africa, had their pensions cancelled?
The right hon.
Member raises an interesting point.
Please write to me in due course with examples, and we will look into that, from a defence perspective.
How will the defence industrial strategy, which is most welcome, ensure that more public money is spent with supply chain businesses in the UK—particularly those in the Teesside defence and innovation cluster in Stockton, Billingham and Norton?
There is a real opportunity to grow further the 2,000 directly supported defence jobs in the north-east.
I am happy to speak to my hon.
Friend further about that.
May I encourage him to stay for the defence industrial strategy statement?
He will hear about the further investment and opportunity that the Government hope to provide to every nation and region in the UK.
An independent northern European nation of 5.5 million people, Norway, has just signed an order for £10 billion-worth of the world’s best anti-submarine warfare frigates, designed and built in Glasgow in Scotland.
Despite that, despite Scotland’s longer coastline, and despite the ingenuity displayed in that product, none of those Type 26s—unless I am wrong—will be stationed in Scotland.
Would the Minister like to tell me that I am wrong, and that he is prepared to place Type 26s on station in Scotland in the future?
The hon.
Gentleman is a defence expert, so he knows well that the Type 26s replace the anti-submarine warfare Type 23s in Devonport, where they will be based.
He also knows that we have quick-reaction fighters at Lossiemouth and our Royal Navy submarine force based at Faslane.
We have huge investment across Scotland, and we will do even more, but while the Government in Holyrood, which he backs, has dithered on defence jobs, this Government have delivered extra defence jobs for Scotland, and will continue to do that.
I recently met my constituent Lance Corporal Sarah Bushbye, who is only the third ever woman to receive the Military Cross.
She shared with me the difficulty of dealing with the complex physical and psychological effects of her service, and the transformative effect that the Boulder Crest foundation had on her in her recovery.
Will the Minister meet me and Sarah to hear about the work of the foundation?
I completely empathise with that veteran.
I am more than happy to sit down and talk through the pros of that treatment, and to see if we can expand it further.
Fort Blockhouse in Gosport was due to have been sold by 2024, but the deadline keeps moving.
The Defence Infrastructure Organisation has not been at all proactive;  this giant site sits empty, doing nothing for the MOD, taxpayers or the local economy.
First Reform and then the Government have suggested that sites like Blockhouse will be used for asylum accommodation.
Gosport deserves so much better.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss a much more innovative future for this important— Order.
I have a lot of sympathy, but please —we have to be a bit quicker; otherwise, nobody else will get in.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the opportunities to use the defence estate to contribute to growth in every part of the country, including hers.
How will the Government ensure that Cammell Laird’s shipbuilding expertise and workforce are fully integrated into the defence industrial strategy, in order to both strengthen sovereign capability and support skilled jobs in the north-west?
There is real expertise in, and opportunities for, our shipyards nationwide—both those that support Royal Navy military vessels, and those that spend much of their time working on Royal Fleet Auxiliary vessels, which are the backbone of the Royal Navy fleet.
There is a real opportunity in not just shipbuilding but ship repair.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss those opportunities.
Given that the Labour conference will soon take place in Liverpool, perhaps I can pop over and see her.
For many veterans, hearing loss is one of the hidden scars of service, and in a number of cases, it has been linked to defective 3M hearing equipment.
Will the Minister use their arts of persuasion on the Prime Minister to ensure an independent inquiry, so that we can find out the extent of this, and see whether any other equipment is involved and how we can prevent it from happening again?
Anyone with hearing loss from equipment can absolutely apply for compensation through the war pension scheme or the armed forces compensation scheme.
Broader work is happening on those specific bits of capability outside this place.