The right to peaceful protest is a cornerstone of a liberal democracy, but events over the weekend have set a dangerous precedent and risk having a chilling impact on free speech and legitimate protest in the UK.
The arrest of 857 protesters under terror laws, following hundreds of arrests under the same powers last month, is deeply alarming.
The Lib Dems warned that that would be exactly what happened when the Conservatives expanded terrorism powers in 2018.
There is no doubt that those using violence, antisemitic abuse or hate speech must face the consequences, but those crimes are already covered by existing law.
It cannot be right that simply displaying a placard in support of a proscribed organisation, while peacefully protesting, can result in a conviction and up to six months in prison.
Will the Minister urgently review terrorism legislation, specifically as it is impacting the right to protest peacefully, to ensure it is proportionate and contains the nuance that it so clearly needs?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, as always, for the sensible and reasonable tone in which she makes her remarks, but I have to say that I do not agree that the events of this weekend have had a chilling effect on our democracy.
I think it is quite the opposite: tens of thousands of people came to London to exercise their absolute right to demonstrate on matters about which they are concerned.
The overwhelming majority of people who came to London were able to do so in an entirely reasonable and lawful way.
Only a very tiny minority were not able to do so in that way and deliberately sought to get arrested.
The hon.
Lady asks entirely reasonably about necessity and proportionality, and about whether the Government intend to review existing legislation.
She has raised that point previously, we have discussed it, and I know that the leader of her party,  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , raised it over the summer recess.
Of course we look very carefully at legislation, but the Government do not currently have any plans to amend the existing legislation.
Not least in the light of the ongoing criminal proceedings relating to Palestine Action and the ongoing judicial review, it would not be appropriate to carry out a review at this time.
We think that the UK’s counter-terrorism legislation strikes the right balance between protecting national security and individual freedoms, including the right to the freedom of expression under article 10 of the European convention on human rights.
The hon.
Member for Hazel Grove knows the high regard in which I hold Jonathan Hall, the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, and she knows that the legislative framework is subject to independent statutory oversight by the independent reviewer.
The Government will of course consider any recommendations that he seeks to make.
I have advised the hon.
Lady previously to get in touch with him; I think that she has
and I know that she will want to look very carefully at what he says.
Those arrested were merely holding signs, wearing T-shirts and displaying general support for a group that does not come close to the loosest definition of terrorism.
Meanwhile, political pundits and columnists seem free to discuss Palestine Action without fear of criminal prosecution.
I do not think that anyone should face arrest for doing that, but it does not seem fair that people can get away with it as long as they are doing it in front of a TV camera.
Will the Minister explain how the law is being applied, whether it is being applied fairly and where people are allowed to show support for Palestine Action?
It is clear that some people are being allowed to do it, but others are not.
My hon.
Friend has a long-standing interest in and concern about these matters.
I give her an absolute assurance that the law is being applied fairly.
I say to her—I know that she will agree with this—that nobody is above the law.
It is important to think about how we collectively seek to respond to those who behave in a similar way but underpinned by very different causes, such as extreme Islamist terrorism or an extreme right-wing ideology.
If people were demonstrating on behalf of those organisations in the same way that we have seen people demonstrating in support of Palestine Action, I think people would absolutely want the police to act in the way that they saw them act over the weekend.
I say again: the law is being applied fairly; nobody is above the law; and the police need to be able to ensure that they are able to enforce it without fear or favour, and that is what I think they did over the weekend.