We—in common, I hope, with everyone in this House—fully and unequivocally support the right to peaceful protest, including on issues in the middle east, whether the hostages who remain captive or civilians in Gaza, whose plight concerns us all.
However, in exercising that right to protest, violence is never acceptable.
Palestine Action has committed deliberate criminal damage against various premises, used a sledgehammer to attack a police officer, and deliberately sabotaged RAF planes.
No matter how strongly people feel about an issue, and whatever the rights and wrongs of that issue, using violence to advance a political agenda is never acceptable.
It is not how we do things in this country; we settle things through debate and elections.
The Security Minister has given the House assurances about the necessity of this measure.
I have not been briefed, or been offered a briefing on that, but the Minister commands widespread respect across the House, and Members will take his assurances seriously.
Will he give an assurance that the police are taking all possible preventive action against Palestine Action where it may be planning future attacks against premises, or future acts of violence, including using the offence of conspiracy to commit public nuisance, under which the police have wide-ranging powers?
I join the Minister in extending my thanks to the police for the difficult work they do keeping us safe.
Finally, I will use this opportunity to express my support for a protest that took place on Sunday in Parliament Square, and the Campaign Against Antisemitism march, which I addressed.
It was regrettable that neither the Home Secretary nor a senior Minister addressed that march, so will the Security Minister take the opportunity to express the Government’s resolve to combat antisemitism wherever it is found?
I am grateful to the shadow Home Secretary for his remarks and the tone of them.
On his final point, yes, let me take the opportunity, on behalf of His Majesty’s Government, to state our absolute abhorrence of antisemitism wherever it rears its ugly head.
I hope he knows that the Government will do everything we possibly can to stand against the forces of racism wherever they seek to rear their ugly head.
I completely agree with the right hon.
Gentleman that violence is never acceptable in pursuing a political agenda, and I am pleased that we are able to establish a consensus across the House in that regard.
On his point about briefings, we briefed the shadow Minister ahead of the proscription action back in July, and as he knows, I would be happy to brief him on Privy Council terms whenever he should wish.
I am also able to give him the assurances that he seeks about the work the police are doing.
As a former Home Office Minister he knows that the police are operationally independent, but I assure him that the police will be taking all necessary measures to guard against future attacks.
I am happy to speak to him about those matters further, and I am grateful for his support for these matters today.
As I understand, convictions simply for displaying the name of a proscribed group have been extremely rare unless there has been clear evidence of intent to promote  a group’s more extreme actions.
If that is the case, and as it is clear that the acts of protest and civil disobedience seen in recent days are not acts that would ordinarily form part of a case for proscription, why do the police not simply stop the arrests?
I take the opportunity to acknowledge the difficult job that the police do.
In my experience, recently and over a longer period, the police have done an excellent job, often under very difficult circumstances.
It is important that we consider proportionality.
These operational judgments have to be made by the police, often on the ground and often under pressure or in difficult circumstances.
It is also important that we consider that we would not tolerate the kind of activity that we have seen in recent days and weeks from an organisation that was motivated, for example, by Islamist extremism, or by an extreme right-wing ideology.
Similarly, we cannot tolerate that activity from Palestine Action, and this Government will support the police in doing the difficult job that we have asked them to do.