Does the Secretary of State agree that recruitment to the armed forces must be based solely on merit?
We must recruit the absolute best to serve in the armed forces.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, an intelligent strategy for recruitment will seek to reach every single community across these British isles.
Perpetuating a narrative that women and those from ethnic minorities—many of whom have proven time and again on service that they absolutely deserve to be a part of our armed forces—are recruited because of some woke policy does them a huge disservice.
I totally agree, but is that not why we should be concerned that the contract for the new armed forces recruitment service “includes Annual Mandated Performance Indicators focused on enhancing equality and diversity within the workforce”?
Those are to be annually mandated in the contract.
My concern is that hardwiring the requirements into the contract risks distorting recruitment if the targets are not hit; we saw that with the RAF.
Would it not be better to simply scrap the red tape altogether and focus solely on getting the best people into the armed forces, irrespective of their background?
I think the hon.
Member has answered his own question.
We are talking about indicators, and indicators are very different from targets.
An intelligent recruitment strategy seeks to reach out to all communities across these islands, and we need to monitor how well our narratives are succeeding.
If we are to have a truly professional strategy, we have to monitor its success in reaching different communities.
That is why we refer to an indicator.
My question is a bit like the buses this morning.
I spend a lot of time knocking on doors and talking to residents in my constituency.
A couple of weeks ago, one resident spoke with anguish about the challenges that his son, who is former armed services personnel, faces in suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
I have met the Veterans Minister to discuss this on a number of occasions, but can I ask him once again to emphasise the importance that this Government put on supporting veterans who have PTSD?
This links in with work that I did in a previous role, in which I supported veterans out of homelessness— Order.
That question was like the buses, indeed—some are quicker than others, and that one should have been an express.
This Government take seriously both physical and mental injuries from service.
Op Courage has already seen 34,000 referrals.
It is a fantastic programme that runs across the country and provides mental health services for veterans.
I encourage any veteran who thinks that they need help to shout and seek help.
It is the first step to recovery.