The east of England has a proud record of defence innovation.
Indeed, on my holiday to Lincoln, I stayed at the White Hart hotel, where the battle tank was first conceived during the first world war.
Does the Minister  agree that investment in technical colleges of excellence, such as that at Bury St Edmonds, are absolutely key to defence innovation?
I have some recommendations for other defence holiday tourism, if my hon.
Friend would like some.
He is absolutely right to raise the importance of skills.
There are huge opportunities across the nation in defence industries, but we need the workforce of the future to deliver them.
That is why, in the defence industrial strategy being announced this afternoon, he will see more investment in skills, not just in defence technical colleges of excellence but in schools and university clusters, to maximise the opportunity to enhance our skills offer and make defence an engine for growth everywhere in the country.
What steps he is taking to improve the welfare of armed forces personnel.
The armed forces welfare support policy, JSP 770, underwent a full review and was published in January 2025.
It now includes updated information and guidance to ensure that welfare support structures are appropriate, accurate and informative for service personnel and their families.
Welfare support lies within the chain of command, with commanding officers overseeing the delivery of welfare support within their units.
One of Labour’s key manifesto commitments was to give our armed forces greater representation through the creation of an Armed Forces Commissioner—a promise that we have made good on with the passing of the Armed Forces Commissioner Act 2025 last week.
How does the Minister expect that to improve the lives of our service personnel and their families?
As my hon.
Friend rightly notes, the Armed Forces Commissioner Act, as I can now refer to it, received Royal Assent last week, which is a fantastic step forward.
As she highlights, there is more to do; there are many aspects of service life where even small changes could make a massive difference to the overall experience of service personnel.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Garston (Maria Eagle) .
She served as a Minister in both this and the previous Labour Government with great commitment, and we thank her for her service.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] Last week I travelled to Norway to sign the biggest British warship deal ever—a £10 billion contract that will secure 4,000 jobs for the next two decades.
Last week I also visited Kyiv, during my fifth visit to Ukraine, where I met Defence Minister Shmyhal, visited a drone  factory and chaired a meeting of the coalition of the willing with more than 30 Defence Ministers.
The message to Moscow from one and all was of defiance and determination: the Ukrainians will keep fighting Russian aggression, and the coalition will step up support for Ukraine and preparations for a peace in Ukraine.
Tomorrow from London I will co-chair the meeting of the Ukraine Defence Contact Group, attended by around 50 nations.
This week I will also host the meeting of the E5 Defence Ministers here in London.
When I meet veterans across Beverley and Holderness, particularly at Withernsea or Beverley veterans breakfast clubs, the No. 1 issue they raise with me is homelessness among veterans—an issue that the Minister for Veterans and People will recognise.
They ask what more we can do, and I share that question with the Secretary of State: what more can we do to ensure that those who have put their lives on the line to serve our country do not find themselves homeless in their later days?
I share with the right hon.
Gentleman, and, I think, every Member of this House, the pleasure and honour of attending such breakfast clubs with veterans in my constituency.
He is right about the range of concerns that veterans raise, which includes the pressures of homelessness.
Recognising the forces’ service in local authority housing priorities is our first step, and the £50 million going into the Op VALOUR system to increase support for veterans will also play a part.
The £10 billion contract with Norway will help to guarantee shipbuilding on the Clyde for many decades to come.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the workers at the shipyard in Glasgow, and will he assure me that the Government intend to everything they can to promote Glaswegian shipbuilding around the world?