Eastbourne’s mighty sea cadets celebrate their 115th birthday this year, but their future is being put under threat by rising energy bills, which are making running the operation less and less sustainable.
It is the same with many other cadets across the country.
Will the Minister share how the Government will support the likes of the Eastbourne sea cadets with energy bills so that they can continue having an incredible impact on local young people and our armed forces more generally?
The air cadets are fantastic, the sea cadets are fantastic and the Army cadets are amazing—they are all amazing.
I would love to take on this issue.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me with the details, we will have a look at what we can do.
I have huge admiration for the sea cadets in his constituency.
At some point, if my diary permits, I would love to visit them all.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the planned timetable for implementing the recommendations of the strategic defence review.
The Government have accepted all 62 recommendations of the strategic defence review.
Implementation of the review’s recommendations is already well under way.
With RAF Odiham celebrating its centenary this year, I am proud of the many close military ties that we have in my constituency of North East Hampshire.
One of the recommendations of the strategic defence review is to improve accommodation, where we are letting our military personnel down.
Given that there is widespread agreement with the Liberal Democrats on this issue, including in the other place, will the Secretary of State support bringing all military housing in line with the decent homes standard in today’s Renters’ Rights Bill vote?
In the last year, we have taken huge steps to start to make good on decades of substandard housing for military personnel and their families.
We have brought 36,000 military family homes back into public ownership so that we can plan exactly the sort of upgrade that the hon.
Lady talks about.
On the rest of the SDR, we have announced the purchase of 12 F-35A aircraft, which will join the dual capable aircraft mission of NATO; we have launched our new £70 million campaign on cadets; and we have stood up the cyber and specialist operations command.
Today, we are publishing the defence industrial strategy to make defence an engine for growth.
This Government are delivering for defence and delivering for Britain.
The strategic defence review rightly highlighted the need for a whole-of-society approach to defence, including expanding the cadets by 30% by 2030.
A key part of that has to include supporting more adult volunteers to give their time to the cadets.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that more adult volunteers are able to support our fantastic cadets?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
Cadet forces cannot exist without the adult volunteers who support them, and they are central to our ability to increase the number of cadet forces across this country by 30% by 2030, which will give so many young people opportunities in the future.
What recent discussions he has had with allies on military support for Ukraine.
We totally condemn Russia’s air attack on Ukraine over the weekend.
It is the worst since Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine began, hitting a Government building for the first time.
Putin is escalating his attacks, and we must step up and speed up our support for Ukraine.
Last week,  I announced that over £1 billion of profits from frozen Russian assets has been put into military aid for Ukraine.
Tomorrow, I will host and co-chair from London the 30th Ukraine Defence Contact Group, when 50 nations will together confirm increased military aid for Ukraine.
Over the weekend, a drone attack was launched targeting a number of regions, including Kyiv and Odesa, which I had the privilege of visiting earlier this year.
It is reported to be the biggest drone strike since Putin’s illegal invasion began.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that more must be done to secure a ceasefire?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and she is right that it was the biggest drone attack in the past three and a half years since Putin’s illegal invasion.
These air attacks are directed at civilian areas with civilian targets.
I saw for myself this week the damage that brings when I stood outside the bombed-out building of the British Council in Kyiv, and I saw the determination of men and women—military and civilians alike—in their defiance to keep fighting in the face of Putin’s illegal invasion.
Will the Secretary of State confirm how this country and our allies will support Ukraine to defend its airspace from Russian aggression?
For example, will we lend it our Typhoons or will we participate in the cross-national F-16 fighter programme, despite the fact that we do not have F-16s?
We have worked closely with Ukraine to develop new weapons systems to supply the air defence missiles it requires.
While-ever Ukraine is fighting Putin’s invasion, we will stand alongside it and we will provide whatever military aid we can.
Beyond that, for when we can reach a negotiated peace, we have been leading work to prepare a multinational force willing to stand with Ukraine in the peace and to secure that peace for the long term so that Russia never again invades that country.
What steps he is taking to help strengthen the defence industrial base.
What steps he is taking to help strengthen the defence industrial base.
Through the defence industrial strategy, the Ministry of Defence will strengthen the defence industrial base by supporting small and medium-sized enterprises, fostering collaboration with industry and academia, creating jobs, enhancing exports support and adopting sustainable procurement practices.
These measures will boost innovation, resilience and competitiveness while supporting national security and economic growth.