I congratulate  the hon.
and gallant Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones)  and  the hon.
Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard)  on their promotions.
I also send my best wishes to  the right hon.
Member for Liverpool Garston (Maria Eagle) ; it was always a pleasure to work with her.
On defence spending, can the Secretary of State confirm what percentage of GDP will be used to set the cost envelope for the defence investment plan?
When we settle our defence investment plan and produce our annual report and accounts, the data that the hon.
Gentleman seeks will be set out clearly and in the customary way to this House.
Interestingly, the answer is not 3.5%, it is not 3%, and it is not even 2.6%—those are the figures we declare to NATO; they are not from the Ministry of Defence budget.
As the then armed forces Minister, the hon.
Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport, confirmed to me last week in a written answer, the amount we will spend on the defence investment plan comes entirely from the MOD’s departmental budget.
Therefore, the actual figure for funding our future defence equipment is just 2.2% by 2027, with no funded plans to go any higher.
Given the threats we face, is 2.2% enough?
It should come as no surprise to anyone that the defence investment plan will be funded from the defence budget.
That is exactly what will happen.
It will be funded and supported by the record increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war—by the £5 billion extra in this year’s Budget—with an aim to spend 3% of GDP on defence during the next Parliament.
These are commitments that the previous Conservative Government had 14 years to make, but never made.
This is a Government who are delivering for defence and delivering for Britain.
Whether he plans to implement the outstanding recommendations of the second report of the Defence Committee of Session 2021-22, “Protecting those who protect us: Women in the Armed Forces from Recruitment to Civilian Life”, HC 154.
Defence as a whole has accepted 33 recommendations from the “Women in the Armed Forces” report.
We have two outstanding elements still in train: the results of an armed forces sexual harassment survey, and a veterans strategy with a specific female veterans section.
Both will be released in the autumn.
On top of this, we have a tri-service complaints system—which I personally brought in—and the violence against women and girls taskforce, to make sure that any woman can serve with safety and pride.
The Atherton report, published in 2021, surveyed 4,000 female service personnel and veterans.
It revealed that 62% had been victims of bullying, discrimination, harassment or sexual assault during their service.
Does the Minister recognise that at a time when we are expanding our armed forces, we must improve the overall experience of women in the military, protect female personnel, and help servicewomen achieve their full potential?
I could not agree more with the hon.
Member.
Obviously, in our Minister for the armed forces, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones) , we have an individual who has lived experience of being a female in the armed forces.
It is really important to mention the individual who sits at the bottom of the command chain—where do they go if they are experiencing a problem?
Where do they seek help, and who do they complain to?
In some cases, they cannot do it within the chain of command.
It may not be appropriate or they may not want to, which is why the violence against women and girls taskforce is so important, as well as the tri-service complaints system.
It will allow people to come outside the command chain, raise those issues, and make sure they are dealt with appropriately.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on the use of military assets to help prevent crossings by illegal migrants of the English channel.