I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg)  on securing this urgent question, and warmly welcome the Minister to his new role.
This is an extraordinarily serious issue, and the Business and Trade Committee will soon table its recommendations on tackling economic harms such as this.
Many companies such as JLR now confront a much bigger threat surface, and the peril of state-backed threats.
That is why this will be a much bigger issue in the future, and why companies in this country will need more than new laws.
They will need new investment incentives to clean up legacy infrastructure that is currently not safe enough.
When we took evidence from Archie Norman and Marks & Spencer in the wake of that cyber-attack, we were given a distinct impression that more could have been done by agencies to help M&S. Will the Minister reassure the House that all the lessons from how the  M&S case was handled have been learned, and that the state will bend over backwards to ensure that JLR has every assistance it needs to get back up and running, and to prosecute the guilty?
The single most important thing we can do is ensure that we end up prosecuting the guilty and that people are sent to prison, such as the gentleman—well, the person—in the United States of America who was recently sent down for 10 years as part of one of these networks, which was important.
I am a Minister in the Department for Business and Trade, but the Minister for Security, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley North (Dan Jarvis) , and the Under-Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Vale of Glamorgan (Kanishka Narayan) , who is on the Front Bench, are actively engaged in these discussions, and we must ensure a cross-Government approach.
I look forward to what we will hear from the Business and Trade Committee.
I was intrigued by what my right hon.
Friend was saying about investment incentives, and I hope he might come up with some clever idea that we could put into practice once he has produced his report.
On the main point about whether we have learned all the lessons from M&S, I certainly think we have.
I have read Archie Norman’s evidence to the Committee, and I hope that M&S has also learned the lessons that he laid bare.
I hesitate in trying to make too immediate a connection between one case and another, because as my right hon.
Friend will know, I do not want to prejudge what has happened in this particular set of circumstances.