The Chancellor once claimed that she had a plan for fixing the foundations with infrastructure at the very heart.
Now, through a consultation that the Government hoped nobody would notice, she has found a way to tax the foundations.
By looking to impose a new levy on quarries, Labour could add billions of pounds more to the costs  of infrastructure projects across the country.
That cannot be right.
Can the Chancellor please provide the construction industry—the very people who will grow our economy—with an assurance that this proposed builders tax will not go ahead?
The Government are currently consulting on a landfill tax.
It is a consultation, and it is open for comments from right across industry, but this Government are investing in infrastructure.
Compared with the plans that we inherited, which would have seen capital investment fall as a share of GDP, we are instead putting an additional £120 billion in, as well as £70 billion through the National Wealth Fund.
Crucially, that is leveraging in private sector investment in transport infrastructure, including roads, railways and airports, and digital infrastructure.
We are growing the economy—a far cry from what the Conservatives did in their 14 wasted years.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer national insurance contributions on businesses.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
Minister, welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The immediate task facing the Labour Government was to take action to stabilise the public finances and invest in our public services.
On national insurance, we did that in a way that protects the smallest businesses by increasing the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500.
That means that 865,000 employers will pay no national insurance contributions at all, and more than half will either gain or see no change.
The national insurance increases in last year’s Budget not only increased national insurance, but impacted on part-time workers, many of whom the hospitality industry relies on.
Hospitality companies in North East Fife have written to me directly, but they have also started to share with their customers the real impact of the cost increases they are seeing.
Does the Minister agree that there has been an impact on hospitality, and will he commit to ensuring that the Chancellor delivers a hospitality-friendly Budget come the autumn?