I am pleased to be able to say something in the debate.
The points made about the history of this really need to be amplified a bit more.
It was a disgraceful deal, done in 1965 by the then Labour Government, that created BIOT and led us on the pathway to expelling the Chagos islanders from both Diego Garcia and the wider archipelago.
That was done when Mauritius was still a British colony, and the US was putting on a lot of pressure to get a base to fuel the Vietnam war.
That was the context in which the deal was done.
The treatment of the Chagos islanders, which has been written about extensively by some brilliant writers, was unbelievably brutal.
They were dragged out of their homes, put on boats, and sent to either Seychelles or Mauritius with no rights, no acknowledgment and no real support whatsoever.
They lived for a long time in poverty in both those places.
Former Members of the House who have sadly passed on did quite a lot to try to support them.
The late Tam Dalyell, former MP for Linlithgow, went to Mauritius to meet Len Williams, the new governor-general at the time, and asked why people were sleeping on the streets of Port Louis.
He was told, and from that point, he took up the cause of  the Chagos islanders, because he thought they had been disgracefully treated.
The late Robin Cook also took the matter up, both at the time and much later, when he became Foreign Secretary.
We should pay tribute to them for what they tried to do.
The reality is that it was the Chagos islanders themselves who managed to get some decency and recognition.
Olivier Bancoult, who has become a great friend of mine, first wrote to me in, I think, 1988.
It was a beautiful handwritten letter, saying, “Dear Mr Corbyn, could you do anything to help the Chagos islanders?”
We kept in touch.
Indeed, I have met him many times since, including recently at the launch of his book.
The Chagos Refugees Group was founded, and it operated from Olivier Bancoult’s house.
It made demands on the Mauritian Government, demands on the British Government and enormous demands on somebody who later became the British high commissioner to Mauritius, namely David Snoxell.
He and Olivier Bancoult did not always get along.
The latter’s pressure on David Snoxell was enormous; he once went to the extent of locking him in his office until they had a proper meeting.
Olivier Bancoult is a feisty guy, and the group are feisty people.
We should recognise that the group’s determination brought about compensation and a litany of court cases all over the country and the world.
I have been to many of the hearings; I have heard arguments made in the decolonisation committee and at the UN Human Rights Council, and at a whole series of court processes in Britain to try to get compensation and recognition of the rights of the Chagos islanders.
Today, we are dealing with the consequences of the unbelievable heroism of the Chagossian people, who have been seeking recognition and justice.
I regret that there are now differences within the Chagossian community.
Tam Dalyell and I strongly supported the move to get a right to British nationality for Chagos islanders, and to amend the relevant nationality Act.
That was eventually achieved, and that is how, I am pleased to say, they now have unfettered access to this country.
I am also pleased that the treaty continues to include that unfettered access.
I hope that the Minister, when he comes to reply, can explain what discussions he has had with all the elements of the Chagossian community.
The last thing we want to see is division in a community that has suffered so much, and deserves so much decency and recognition.
If the Chagos islands in their entirety are not passed over to Mauritius and Mauritian sovereignty, there are two consequences.
First, there will be even greater dishonesty than we thought there was in 1975, and secondly, Britain will be in breach of an ICJ judgment.
If that is what people want—if that is what Conservative and Reform Members want—so be it, but they would be acting illegally by hanging on to the islands.
BIOT will go, and there will be Mauritian sovereignty over the whole area.
I supported the principles behind the marine protection zone, although I did not support the no-take element that was included at the beginning.
I wanted Chagos islanders to be able to return to the archipelago, and to undertake sustainable fishing and so on.
I am assured that the Mauritian Government support and recognise the need to preserve the pristine beauty of the ocean around there.
I am less convinced that the military and the United States forces are equally committed to the preservation of the natural world and the environment.
The record is not good—not perfect.
I hope that the Minister, when he comes to reply, can assure us that there will be proper inspection, not just of the outer islands, but of the seas and the land of Diego Garcia.
It is wrong that the islanders were removed.
It is right that they have an opportunity to return, which is what they have always campaigned for.
I find it unfortunate beyond belief that they will only be allowed to visit Diego Garcia.
Imagine if we could only visit the home where our parents lived, or the graves where many of our relatives had been buried.
There is an emotional relationship there that will be broken by the refusal of the right of abode in future.
I understood from previous discussions with the Minister and others that there could be a possibility of the return of a right of abode.
I am not sure; maybe he can reply to that.
Am I happy about there being a huge military base on Diego Garcia?
No.
Am I happy about the rhetoric that has been used in this debate, which seems to be cranking up the idea of yet another cold war, when we should be looking for a world of peace, rather than one of war?
I find that depressing, and not really fit for this debate.
There is a right of people who live under colonisation to achieve their independence.
That was achieved by Mauritius, but it was thwarted in 1965.
By agreeing now to return all the islands and the archipelago to Mauritius, we are completing a process that should have taken place in 1965, prior to Mauritius’s independence in 1968.
Had that happened, and had there been no separation and creation of BIOT in 1965, we would not be having this debate today, because the issue would simply not have arisen.
Ordered, That Chris Elmore, Samantha Dixon and Jeff Smith be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Lilian Greenwood, Nesil Caliskan and Gen Kitchen be added.—(Sir Mark Tami, on behalf of the Committee of Selection.)
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked— How much capital funding she plans to allocate for the maintenance and repair of critical infrastructure in the next five years.