I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on surviving the reshuffle.
This Minister adds to the general merriment of the nation, so we will miss him when he’s gone—[Laughter.]
We’re all mortal.
May I ask a serious question about the public sector?
As it happens, I am an enthusiast for the Prime Minister’s idea of a national digital ID card as a means of countering illegal working, but it raises a whole new spectre if tens of millions of people have an ID card on their mobile phone in their pocket and malign forces—Russia and elsewhere—seek to attack us.
What work are the Government doing with their Bill and in the National Cyber Security Centre to try to get this right?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right on two points, and to take his point a little further, data is a wonderful thing—a gold mine, in many ways—but it is also a potential vulnerability.
We must ensure that if we take people into a digital future, with digital ID cards—I am not saying that we are, but if we were to go down that route; or wherever we go, for instance with a digital driving licence, which we will have soon—we must ensure that it is safe, secure, and that people’s data is not imperilled.
I do not know what the right hon.
Gentleman meant about me surviving.
I love him too.
I warmly welcome the Minister to his place.
In the light of the cyber-security breaches survey published in April 2025, which reported that 43% of businesses and 30% of charities experienced a cyber-attack last year, what steps is he taking to strengthen national cyber-security?
How are the Government working with businesses and charities to improve prevention and ensure better intelligence-sharing, as a matter of national security?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who is on the Business and Trade Committee, which I will be before next week, I think.
On ransomware, one of the questions is whether we know the full extent of what is going on in the UK.
That is why we have suggested mandatory reporting.
It is interesting that more than 70% of businesses in the UK agreed with what was in the consultation that the Home Office produced in the summer, and I hope that we can introduce further measures when the Bill comes forward.
I have referred to some of the means of providing support to businesses up and down the land, but I am happy to fill my hon.
Friend in with more details, if she wants to grab me afterwards.
As has been said, Jaguar Land Rover is not the first British household name this year to experience cyber-attacks.
In a recent Business and Trade Committee meeting, the chairman of Marks & Spencer said that he wished that somebody would ride in the cab with them for this experience; he felt like there was too much one-way traffic, and not enough dialogue between the Government and the business.
Can the Minister reassure us that the Department has learned those lessons?
Can he reassure us that Jaguar Land Rover is having that two-way dialogue, and that someone is in the cab with it at the moment?
We want to make sure that is the case.
As I have said, I have spoken to Jaguar Land Rover, and I intend to have a further meeting with the chief executive later this week, though he is departing in November.
Two new Ministers from the Department for Business and Trade are here.
Our job and our absolute determination is to ensure that business can flourish in this country, because in the end, business largely pays the bills, keeps the lights on, keeps the NHS functioning, and keeps everything going.
That is why we are determined to have a strong working relationship with businesses, in this and many other areas.
We have heard from my hon.
Friends and the Minister how wide the impact of the cyber-attack has been, across the economy.
Hon.
Members have mentioned the national security threat.
The Minister gave evidence to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy in his previous role, and spoke about his confidence in the “robust” contingency plans in place for critical national infrastructure, to quote a phrase he used.
To what extent does he have the same confidence when it comes to cyber-attacks?
The evidence that my hon.
Friend mentions related to subsea cables, for which I think the situation is robust.
In fact, we had another cut to one of the subsea cables during the summer months; it was,  I think, repaired within eight days.
We are one of the best countries in the world at repairing subsea cables, but we are also one of the more vulnerable countries, because we are an island nation.
I assure him that we three Ministers—the Under-Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Vale of Glamorgan (Kanishka Narayan) , the Minister for Security and me—will apply exactly the same diligence and lack of complacency to this issue as to the issue of subsea cables.