The jobs tax has hit small businesses the hardest, with statistics from the Office for National Statistics showing that vacancies among small businesses alone have dropped by 18%.
This proves that the jobs tax is not only crushing growth but crushing opportunity, especially in hospitality.
Have Treasury Ministers commissioned their officials to look at any of the fairer revenue raisers that we Liberal Democrats have put forward—such as taxes on the banks, the tech companies or the gambling companies—in order that the Treasury could scrap the jobs tax at the next Budget?
When the Liberal Democrats were last in government, they made the decision to whack up VAT on businesses, whereas this Government are doing all we can to reform business rates so that retail, hospitality and leisure industries can get the support that they need from the business rates system.
The national insurance changes that were made last year protect the smallest businesses, with many seeing lower business rates or not seeing increases.
If she will meet farming representatives to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on farmers.
If she will meet with representatives of the farming industry to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on that sector.
If she will meet with representatives of the farming industry to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on that sector.
In my former role as the Minister with responsibility for the UK tax system, and on the Chancellor’s behalf, I have met farming representatives and farmers.
Those discussions have included the National Farmers Union, the Tenant Farmers Association, the Country Land and Business Association, the Central Association of Agricultural Valuers, the Ulster Farmers Union, NFU Cymru, NFU Scotland and the Farmers Union of Wales.
After listening, however, the Government continue to believe that the approach we have set out is the right one.
Last weekend I attended the Sennybridge show, where I met young farmers from Brecknockshire who were recruiting new members and fundraising for good causes.
There is one question to which they would like to hear an answer from the Chancellor: why are the Government targeting family farms for tax rises rather than going after the big banks, which are closing branches right across my constituency?
Why should young farmers have to pay for the mess left behind by the Conservatives?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about good causes.
I assume he would agree that the NHS is a good cause, that public services are a good cause, and that a stable economy that encourages investment in our country is a good cause to pursue.
As hon.
Members have said many times already, the Opposition parties, including the hon.
Gentleman’s, are very happy to reap the rewards of spending and investment, but are totally incapable of taking any of the difficult decisions to raise the revenue necessary to support them.
Given the Prime Minister’s clear commitment to growth that benefits every community in every corner of the UK, his Ministers will no doubt be disturbed at polling showing that four fifths of farmers have postponed or delayed investment since the Budget.
Is it not time for a rethink of this policy—if not on grounds of fairness, then on grounds of investment, productivity and economic growth?
I have been involved in many debates in this House that the right hon.
Gentleman has been a part of as well, and we have set out how the decisions we have taken mean the system coming in from April next year will maintain generous tax reliefs within the  agricultural property relief and business property relief system, while also raising revenue in a fair way to support the public finances.
That money for the public finances, as I and my right hon.
and hon.
Friends have said many times today, is crucial to have economic stability and to get our public services back on their feet.
The Chancellor elicited much public sympathy with her recent tearful appearance on these Benches, but over the summer I have had Dumfries and Galloway farmers in tears at the loss of the next generation of farming.
A new Centre for the Analysis of Taxation report says that HMRC’s own figures indicate that these changes to taxes are unfair and unbalanced.
Will the Minister please think again?
The hon.
Gentleman is wrong.
The CenTax report he refers to is independent analysis demonstrating that, in its opinion, the reforms improve on the current position and are expected largely to meet the Government’s objective.
In fact, the report validates the Government’s position.