The 52 pubs in my constituency provide vital community spaces, yet they tell me that this Government have hit them disproportionately hard with their increases in employer national insurance contributions, on top of soaring energy prices and as yet unfulfilled promises on business rates.
Ahead of the autumn Budget, will the Chancellor say what measures she will take to protect our local independent pubs and small businesses?
I absolutely recognise that businesses face challenges, but they also have lower borrowing costs because of the five cuts in interest rates, which the Bank of England was able to make because of the stability that we have returned to the economy.
It would be good to have a bit more honesty from political parties.
If they oppose the national insurance increase, then they oppose the extra money for the national health service.
If they stood up and said that, they might get a little more respect and credibility.
In  Macclesfield we are lucky to have a thriving life sciences sector.
At AstraZeneca, we have 5,000 people employed in well-paid jobs across the pharmaceutical value chain.
What are the Treasury and the Government doing to ensure that we take advantage of the innovation we produce here in the UK for the benefit of our local life sciences economies?
My hon.
Friend is a proud advocate for his constituents in Macclesfield and is doing great work to bring more investment into the local area.
Life sciences is one of the eight sectors that this Government, as part of our modern industrial strategy, are championing.
That is why we put record investment into research and development in the spending review earlier this year, and why we are supporting our universities to help create more spinouts to ensure that we can have more  home-grown British businesses, as well as backing the big businesses, such as AstraZeneca, that operate in his constituency.
Given that the Government are considering a dramatic increase in the landfill tax, how does the Chancellor think that this country will build the 1.5 million homes we need by the end of the Parliament if we add £24,000, on average, to the average house price?
How will that help my constituents to get a home?
There is a consultation going on and I welcome the hon.
Gentleman and others feeding into that.
However, if he is serious about backing the builders and not the blockers, why do the Liberal Democrats fail to support the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, both here and in the other House?
As the sixth richest economy in the world, we should not have 4.5 million children living in poverty.
The former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has proposed raising £3 billion by looking at reforming gambling taxation.
Will the Chancellor consider undertaking those reforms so that we can end the epidemic of child poverty?
The issue of child poverty is incredibly important to this Government, and the child poverty taskforce will report later this year.
I would like to add that this is an important personal issue for me: I grew up in family with very little money and I received free school meals as a child.
For those children across the country who are living in poverty right now, I hope that they and their parents know that this Government are on their side and that we will do all we can to invest in our welfare system, in our economy and in ensuring that more people can get into work so that we can get poverty down, rather than have it rising as it did under the previous Government.
Hiking excise duty by 14% over the past two years was expected to raise £600 million for the Treasury in duty on spirits, but it has actually cost £600 million.
With 70% of spirits produced in Scotland, this is nothing short of a tax on Scotland.
The Chancellor has 77 days to back Scotch, support Scotland and sustain growth in this iconic and entrepreneurial sector.
Will she therefore commit to reversing the Government’s attacks on a great Scottish success story by bringing down whisky duty in the Budget?
Over 90% of Scotch is exported and is therefore not affected by the measures that the hon.
Member has just mentioned, but it will be affected by being the biggest beneficiary of the trade deal with India, which is set to reduce tariffs from 150% to 75% initially, and then to 40% over time.
This is what a Government getting on with backing the Scotch industry looks like.
I have been campaigning for a long time on the reinstatement of tax-free shopping for foreign visitors, particularly those from Europe.
Recent evidence from business suggests that we are losing £6 billion of income from this potential change, and £500 million in extra VAT generated from those tourists.
Will the Chancellor undertake to look at this matter again?
The potential exists for those high-spending tourists to benefit our hard-pressed hospitality industry, and that could be a quick win-win for this country.
This matter was looked at by the previous Government several times, and I understand that there was pressure for their Ministers to look at it again.
They did so, and they came to the same conclusion, which was not to proceed with reintroducing it.
The Bellfield interchange is situated on the A77.
Its location has significant strategic importance in the south-west trunk road network, connecting to the A71, the A75 and the A76, making it critical for transport and economic connectivity across the Ayrshire region and beyond.
East Ayrshire council had previously submitted a bid to the levelling-up fund under the previous Tory Government to upgrade the interchange, but it was rejected.
Given the Chancellor’s recent announcement of £66 million of UK Government investment in Scottish transport infrastructure, will my hon.
Friend join me in calling on the Scottish Government to invest in and agree to vital infrastructure projects such as upgrading the Belfield interchange, to support the Ayrshire growth deal, to unlock growth, and to deliver jobs and prosperity across the region?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is critical that the Scottish Government use the funding they have received to invest in vital infrastructure projects that support growth and put more money in people’s pockets.
rose— I am sorry, but we have to move on to the urgent question.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade to make a statement on the cyber-attack on Jaguar Land Rover and on what assistance the Government are giving to businesses to help protect them against cyber-attacks.