UK long-term borrowing costs are now consistently above the range of G7 countries—something that did not occur at any time under previous coalition or Conservative Governments.
It is because markets are pricing in the specific weakness of this Labour Government’s economic policies.
The cost of that weakness means rising prices, lower investment and less money for public services in the long term.
Having carpet-bombed the private sector with extra taxes, will the Chancellor rein back the splurge of unproductive public spending that she let rip last year?
The only person that carpet bombed our economy was Liz Truss and the Conservative party.
The hon.
Gentleman supported Liz Truss in leadership contest and throughout her time— indicated dissent.
He says he did not, but he served in her Cabinet, so I will take no lectures from Conservative Members.
The country will have heard what the Leader of the Opposition said today: she was talking down our economy in a desperate attempt to get attention.
The truth is, as Members on the Opposition Benches know, that that is not serious and it is irresponsible.
The only thing in Britain that needs a bail-out is the Tory party—from its failed leadership.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase economic growth through reforms to the planning system.
In the spending review, we put significant money into building more houses as part of our commitment to build 1.5 million homes during the course of this Parliament.
The Planning and Infrastructure Bill is currently making its way through the House of Lords, but more than 600 amendments have been tabled to it, mainly by peers from Opposition parties.
The Labour party and this Government back the builders, whereas the Opposition parties back the blockers.
They are stopping young people getting on the housing ladder, stopping renewable energy being built and stopping the transport infrastructure that we desperately need to be built.
Instead of opposing and tabling amendments, the Opposition parties should back that Bill so that we can get Britain building.
I have been banging the drum for some time now that Ilford is the best place to live, and with four Elizabeth line stations, that has never been more true than now.
Barking and Dagenham council and Redbridge council are both capitalising on ambitious regeneration plans, like the developments at Billet Road and Padnall Lake.
What are the Government doing to encourage businesses to seize on this investment by making investments of their own, backing Ilford, its community and its economy?