I also congratulate the hon.
Member on her elevation to Economic Secretary to the Treasury; I am sure she will do very well.
The UK banking sector provides a valuable service to our economy, keeping money in circulation, funding business and mortgages and all the rest of it.
The financial services sector is the UK’s biggest export sector.
According to UK Finance, UK banks generate around £45 billion in tax every year, but because of things like the bank levy, UK banks now pay an effective rate of around 46%, which is higher than competitors in New York, Frankfurt, Dublin and Singapore.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has managed to dig her own £30 billion black hole in the economy, but can the Minister reassure the City of London and this House that there are no plans to increase taxes on our banking and wider financial services sector in the upcoming Budget in November?
Order.
The markets will be closed soon.
I call the Minister.
I am grateful for the lecture, but I note that it was the Conservatives who introduced the bank levy.
The Government are committed to responsibly promoting the growth and competitiveness of the sector, and of course we keep the bank tax regime under review.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Sorry, Mr Speaker, bear with me.
[Laughter.]
This Government are committed to growing the economy, and we were the fastest-growing economy in the G7 in the first half of this year.
We have done three trade deals and cut interest rates five times—and I did not even need my notes to remember all that.
New polling by the Trades Union Congress shows that the public overwhelmingly support packages of taxes on wealth, on banks and on gambling companies.
It also found that 74% of 2024 Labour voters who are now leaning towards Reform back those measures.
Will the Chancellor commit to protecting working people from higher taxes on their income by ensuring that wealth pays its fair share, rather than imposing cuts and regressive measures?
In the Budget last year, we got rid of the non-dom tax status, we put up capital gains tax, we started treating carried interest as income—not as capital gains—we introduced new taxes on private jets, we put VAT and business rates on private school fees and, of course, we changed the rules around agricultural property relief so that people who have farms worth more than £3 million will pay inheritance tax, although at half the rate that everybody else does.
We took a number of measures last year to ensure that the wealthy pay their fair share.
Some countries around the world do have a wealth tax, but countries like Switzerland, for example, do not have inheritance tax.
I think it would be a mistake to get rid of inheritance tax and replace it with an unproven tax without knowing what revenue it would bring in.