When it comes to small businesses, in particular those in hospitality, overall employment has increased by 380,000 since the Government came to power.
This week, I will be having discussions with members of UKHospitality to think about how we can support the sector more through the changes to business rates announced last year.
We will come forward with more details on that in the Budget later this year.
I am not particularly interested in who the Minister is backing in the deputy leadership contest, but I welcome him to his place.
Lebanese Please is a fantastic restaurant in Weybridge, but like many hospitality companies, it is struggling with the impact of national insurance increases.
If the partly new Treasury Front-Bench team are considering going for a team lunch, I recommend the warm hospitality of Runnymede and Weybridge, where they can see for themselves the impact that this horrid, harmful tax is having on local businesses across the country.
I would not presume to know where the next Treasury ministerial awayday will happen, but perhaps we will have to consider the restaurant in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
He is a strong advocate for the businesses in his constituency.
I hope he knows that I advocated from the Back Benches—and will continue to do so in government—for policies that we can implement to boost economic growth and living standards, so that more people have more money to spend in businesses such as the one he mentions in his constituency.
I have had many meetings with business owners across Wokingham, whether that is world leaders in the defence industry, GP surgeries, medical manufacturers, farmers, hospitality companies or exporters.
It is clear that Labour’s hike to national insurance contributions has created immense financial burdens for those companies.
This policy has prevented many from hiring more staff and devastated their profits, and it is stifling growth.
What steps is the Minister taking to give businesses like those in Wokingham hope that this Government do have their back?
The big picture on all three of those questions is that at last year’s Budget, the Government made the decision to increase national insurance in order to raise £20 billion.
We have put that money into our public services, making sure that waiting lists have fallen pretty much every single month since the election.
That means that we have delivered 4 million more appointments, many more people have been seen, and waiting lists are falling in my constituency and across the country.
That is the difference that this Government are making: we are repairing the foundations, and making sure that we can look after people now and in the future.
This month, we see an expansion of childcare that will benefit families in my constituency to the tune of £7 million, which will go back into their pockets.
What assessment has the Minister made of how that spending power will benefit growth across the economy and productivity?
The investment that this Government are making in childcare, which will increase the number of hours available to families with children aged nine  months or older, is the right investment in the future.
It is an investment in those children and an investment in making sure that parents can return to work, so that we can improve productivity in our country and have more people who are able to get back to work and enjoy the benefits that that can bring.
UK business confidence has hit a 12-month high, according to the latest figures from Lloyds Banking Group.
Does the Minister agrees that this is due to the work of this Labour Government, not least the five consecutive interest rate cuts and the three new trade deals?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fact that we have had five interest rate cuts since the election.
That has reduced the cost of mortgages for families up and down the country, and reduced the cost of borrowing for businesses that are thinking about investing.
It is good to see that there is more investment coming both domestically and internationally, particularly as a result of our investment summit that I was pleased to attend last year.
When I was elected for the first time last year, my constituents told me that they wanted this Labour Government to rebuild our public services, which is what our tax changes are delivering.
Does the Minister agree that Opposition parties, of whatever colour, want the benefits of our investment in public services but are not willing to take the tough decisions to deliver them?
Yes, I agree strongly with my hon.
Friend that Opposition Members continue to will the ends—they want the spending on public services—but are not willing to come forward with a plan for the means and the money to invest in our public services so that we can change things for people up and down this country.