Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. Speaker, June is Gun Violence Awareness Month, a time to raise awareness about gun violence and its devastating impact on our citizens and Nation.
It is a time to honor the lives of those tragically taken due to gun violence, to recognize that gun violence inflicts trauma and tragedy on individuals, families, and communities, and to advance effective gun violence prevention efforts.
In 2023, there were nearly 47,000 firearm-related deaths, which is approximately 128 people dying due to firearms every day.
In 2024, more than 500 mass shootings occurred--more than one a day.
Gun violence is the leading cause of death of children and teens.
Yet the Trump Administration pushes action after action to make Americans more likely to suffer gun violence.
President Trump effectively legalized machine guns, rescinded millions of dollars in grants for gun violence reduction, eliminated gun violence data, and revoked the zero-tolerance policy that was a powerful tool for combatting gun trafficking and straw purchases.
Further, the Republican budget bill would eliminate the gun silencer tax on the purchase or transfer of silencers and eliminate silence registrations.
The Trump Administration and Congressional Republicans seek to undo decades of progress reducing gun violence.
It is imperative that we continue to fight for the right for our youth to live in a society where they do not have to worry constantly about gun violence.
Illinois and the City of Chicago have made great progress in implementing programs that reduce gun violence.
Three years ago, Illinois created the Office of Firearm Violence Prevention which is responsible for awarding grants to organizations rooted in helping reduce gun violence, including the Chicago-based Peacekeepers Program.
The Peacekeepers Program currently serves around 30 communities.
In the communities that the Peacekeepers served, there was a 31 percent reduction in gun violence in 2023 and 2024 compared to the previous two years.
Illinois and the City of Chicago can implement strict gun regulations and fund programs that reduce gun violence, but if neighboring states like Indiana and Wisconsin keep weak restrictions in place, then almost anyone can cross those state borders and acquire a gun.
We must do more.
We must limit the number of guns that exist in our country.
We must