Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I want to honor a distinguished scholar from my Congressional district who is retiring after 31 years Susan Newhart Elliott has served as a professor at the School of Law since 1994, is Director of the Zimmerman Law Library, and also serves as the University of Dayton Law Review faculty advisor.
Susan earned her law degree from the University of Dayton in 1987, and was the law review's Managing Editor while she was a student.
She has taught numerous classes in addition to serving as an Assistant Dean.
Susan also holds a Bachelor's and a Master's degree from Miami University, as well as a Master's in Library and Information Science from Kent State University.
After receiving her law degree, Susan clerked for Judge Walter Rice years before joining the law firm Coolidge, Wall, Womsley & Lombard, where she concentrated in complex litigation.
She has also been an English instructor at Miami University, Xavier University, and Wright State University.
As director of the Zimmerman Law Library, Susan has worked tirelessly to make certain that the library supports the school's mission of providing the highest quality of service to the law faculty and its students.
This includes overseeing services to all library patrons, making sure the necessary books and electronic resources are available and accessible, and providing reference service seven days a week with a librarian who holds a Master's in library science and a law degree.
Susan has helped train the minds of the law school's best and brightest students.
Graduates have gone on to lead successful lives serving their communities as attorneys, judicial clerks, members of distinguished law firms, legal counsel in state and federal agencies, and on my Congressional staff.
Her work has been critical to the law school's growing reputation, as the University of Dayton School of Law is tied for third among Ohio's nine law schools according to the most recent U.S. News & World Report rankings.
For nearly 20 years, Susan has served as a reader for the Dayton Literary Peace Prize, evaluating nonfiction books submitted for consideration by the judges for the award.
Inspired by the 1995 Dayton Peace Accords that ended the Bosnian War, the Dayton Literary Peace Prize is the only literary award in the United States that recognizes authors who utilize the power of the written word to promote peace, In recognition of Susan's longstanding service and contributions to the legal profession, an endowment was created in her name to recruit legal scholars to write for the University of Dayton Law Review, as well as to support the law review in perpetuity.
Susan Newhart Elliott exemplifies all of the best qualities of a teacher, a scholar, and a public servant.
She is a credit to her profession, and is loved and admired by her students, her colleagues, and her friends.
I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking this truly outstanding citizen for her three decades of service to the University of Dayton School.
I wish her a happy, healthy, and productive retirement.