Mr. JACKSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remarkable life and profound contributions of Malik Todd Murray, a man who embodied the spirit of lifelong learning, athletic excellence, financial acumen, activism, mentorship and generous philanthropy rooted in faith.
His life, marked by exceptional dignity, humility, and class, serves as an inspiration to us all.
Born in Chicago on September 16, 1974, Malik was the firstborn son of Cook County Circuit Court Judge Leonard Murray and the late Linda Diane Gray Murray.
His mother, Linda, dedicated her career to education, serving as an assistant principal at Hyde Park Academy following a distinguished tenure as an award-winning history, sociology and psychology teacher.
Growing up in Chicago's South Shore community, Malik's early education at St. Philip Neri Elementary School saw him excel both as an altar boy and a straight-A student.
His passion for basketball ignited at the South Shore YMCA Youth Basketball Program under the guidance of his father, his first coach.
This early dedication paved the way for his admission to St. Ignatius College Prep where he graduated as the salutorian of his class.
At St. Ignatius College Prep, Malik's athletic talent shone brightly.
In 1992, his leadership propelled the boys' basketball team to its first Regional Championship in two decades.
That same year, he was named at the Chicago All Area Team, Chicago Catholic League Player of the Year, three-time Chicago Sun-Times Player of the Week and Chicago Tribune Athlete of the Week.
His commitment to excellence in both academics and athletics earned him a four-year basketball scholarship to DePaul University, where he played under Coach Joey Meyer.
Malik secured an internship at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, and then graduated from DePaul's Driehaus College.
Malik spent 8 years at Bank One Brokerage and ultimately lead the European shift for international exchange traded products.
Malik went on to further his education through obtaining an MBA in finance from DePaul's Kellstadt Graduate School of Business in 2004.
In December of 2004, Malik transitioned to Ariel Investments, where his talent and dedication led to a distinguished career culminating in his role as Senior Vice President, Head of Business Development, Institutional Marketing.
Throughout his career, Malik demonstrated a deep commitment to community engagement, serving on the boards of the Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce, DePaul University and St. Ignatius College Prep, where he established scholarships and funds to promote diversity and inclusion.
He also held leadership positions with the National Association of Securities Professionals (NASP) and contributed to the Ariel Community Academy school board.
His legacy of excellence and generosity will continue to inspire future generations.
At the young age of 50, Malik Todd Murray passed on April 19, 2025.
He was preceded in death by his mother, Linda Diane Gray Murray.
He is survived by his longtime partner, Elizabeth; his father, Leonard; his sisters, Kai and Nubia (Brian) Davis; his brother, Kamau (Jennifer), and a wide circle of friends and family.