Ms. CASTOR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Elvira ``Vera'' Tamargo Garcia, who passed away at the age of 88 on August 8, 2023.
She was a lifelong Tampa native and devoted teacher who dedicated her life to civic service.
Vera's contributions and tireless dedication to the Tampa Bay community will forever be remembered.
Vera embodied the true spirit of public service, exemplifying the values of compassion, dedication and mentorship.
Throughout her 48-year career as a teacher at Broward, Ballast Point and Mendenhall elementary schools, she left a mark on hundreds of students she taught, their parents, and new teachers she mentored.
Throughout her career, Vera taught in every elementary grade.
Her passion was for early childhood education, and she played an important role in launching kindergarten instruction in Hillsborough County schools.
Her talent and experience as an educator were evident in the numerous accomplishments she achieved.
Vera's recognitions included Florida's Outstanding Young Educator in 1966 and was ranked fourth at the national level.
She attended the University of Tampa for her bachelor's degree and subsequently earned a master's degree from the University of South Florida.
In her classroom, Vera strived to teach her students the values of respect and friendship along with phonics and counting, and her selfless service is manifested in the good principles of my Tampa Bay neighbors.
Her tenacious determination as an instructor to future generations shaped much of her perspective and identity, but her work as a caregiver extended beyond the classroom.
Many knew Vera for her work advocating for Tampa's Latino heritage, protecting and preserving the Centro Asturiano de Tampa's original cemetery and its 121-year-old building.
Vera took the role of president for the historic social club for immigrants and their descendants, making her the first woman to hold that position at the ``Centro.''
She and her husband, attorney William F. ``Willie'' Garcia, devoted their later years to the preservation of the ``Centro.''
Earlier in their lives, Vera and Willie were active in state and local politics, running campaigns, attending rallies and always supporting Democratic candidates at the local, state and federal levels.
At home, they would adorn Christmas gifts with handmade themed ornaments that they would spend months creating.
Their marriage was filled with love and support for each other, accompanied by humor that made their bond stronger.
The eldest of three girls, Vera was born to Francisco ``Pancho'' and Honorina ``Nora'' Tamargo.
She and her two sisters, Junis and Sandra, shared a room as children and their lives as adults.
Her devotion to her family was shown in her commitment to spend Christmas together with her two sisters and cousin Mary Louise.
Vera was beloved by her many nieces, nephews and cousins who could call or stop by her home to say hello, help with a chore, or take her to a family gathering.
For her two sons, William and Joseph, Vera was that unshakable support who got them where they needed to pursue their interests from swim meets to Scouting camping trips.
Her grandchildren called her ``Bueli'', and they will remember her love and the way she lit up just hearing their voices.
Vera is survived by her sons, daughters-in-law, grandchildren and many loved ones to whom I extend my deepest sympathies.
She will be remembered not only for her many years of selfless service, but also for her genuine compassion and kindness.