Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
146

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 12, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 13

10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine how immigration fuels

economic growth and our competitive advantage.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the effects of extreme heat

and weather on transportation.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal

Bureau of Prisons.
11 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine the PGA Tour-LIV deal,

focusing on the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund's

investments in the United States.
2:30 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
SEPTEMBER 14

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Admiral

Lisa M. Franchetti, USN, for reappointment to the grade

of admiral and to be Chief of Naval Operations,

Department of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the crisis in Nagorno-

Karabakh.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine governing AI through

acquisition and procurement.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Jerry

Edwards, Jr., to be United States District Judge for

the Western District of Louisiana, Margaret M. Garnett,

to be United States District Judge for the Southern

District of New York, Jennifer L. Hall, of

Pennsylvania, to be United States District Judge for

the District of Delaware, Brandon S. Long, to be United

States District Judge for the Eastern District of

Louisiana, Matthew James Maddox, to be United States

District Judge for the District of Maryland, Brandy R.

McMillion, to be United States District Judge for the

Eastern District of Michigan, Karoline Mehalchick, to

be United States District Judge for the Middle District

of Pennsylvania, Joseph Albert Laroski, Jr., of

Maryland, and Lisa W. Wang, of the District of

Columbia, both to be a Judge of the United States Court

of International Trade, Philip S. Hadji, of the

District of Columbia, to be a Judge of the United

States Court of Federal Claims, and Rebecca C. Lutzko,

to be United States Attorney for the Northern District

of Ohio, and April M. Perry, to be United States

Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, both of

the Department of Justice.
SEPTEMBER 20

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine drought impacts on drinking

water access and water availability.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife

To hold hearings to examine drinking water infrastructure

and tribal communities.