Mr. GREEN.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to honor the life and service.
Throughout a distinguished twenty-nine-year career in the United States Air Force, Eden was awarded the Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, and the Aerial Achievement Medal, among many others.
She also earned the title of ``master navigator'' after logging over 2,400 flying hours as well as serving as a flight instructor for three different aircraft.
After achieving the rank of General Officer in 2009, Eden served as special assistant to the Vice Chief of Staff at the United States Air Force Headquarters in Washington, D.C., before transitioning to the Director of Legislative Affairs on the National Security Staff for the White House.
From 2011 to 2013, she served as the Director of Air Force Services and Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower, Personnel, and Services at the U.S. Air Force Headquarters.
Soon after retiring from military service.
Eden became the Chief Operations Officer of Operation Stand Down Tennessee (OSDTN) in 2017 and became its Chief Executive Officer in 2020.
OSDTN is the only comprehensive veteran-serving agency in Middle Tennessee, connecting veterans with careers, community, and crisis services.
Under her leadership, OSDTN has served thousands of veterans by delivering food boxes, providing financial assistance, helping veterans find housing, and assisting veterans in their transition from military to civilian life.
In her final full year as CEO, Operation Stand Down Tennessee served 7,991 veterans while receiving over 16,000 visits to OSDTN centers.
Her dedication to serving our nation and its veterans has left an indelible mark on our Armed Forces and Middle Tennessee.
Eden is also a prominent leader in my community.
She has served on the boards for The Women in Military Service for America Memorial Foundation, Tennessee State Veterans' Homes, Centerstone Military Services, and the Davidson County Veterans Court Foundation, as well as an adviser for the Nashville YWCA Dress for Success program.
As Eden steps down from her role as CEO of Operation Stand Down Tennessee.
I want to wish her the best and thank her for her decades of public and private service.
I know she will tackle her next chapter with the same passion and tenacity as her other outstanding achievements.