Ms. KAMLAGER-DOVE.
Mr. Speaker, as Ranking Member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee's Subcommittee on South and Central Asia, I rise today alongside my colleague and Chair, 
Mr. Huizenga of Michigan, to honor and congratulate the people of Kazakhstan as they mark the Republic Day of Kazakhstan, which commemorates Kazakhstan's declaration of sovereignty independent of the Soviet Union on October 25, 1990.
The United States has remained committed to Kazakhstan's sovereignty, independence, and territorial integrity.
Now, as a valued strategic partner of the United States, our nations work together to advance security, peace, and prosperity.
Kazakhstan inherited a massive nuclear stockpile and legacy sites for chemical and biological weapons research following the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
The voluntary commitment to rapidly remove these weapons from its territory and accede to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and other key arms control measures was a model for the region and the world.
Kazakhstan has also made significant contributions to UN peacekeeping missions, including independent deployments of peacekeepers from 2024.
These efforts support stability and security in both Central Asia and the wider world.
U.S. companies remain the largest source of foreign direct investment in Kazakhstan, helping build resilient supply chains driving Kazakhstan's economic diversification, supply chain resiliency, and sustainable economic development.
Last month, Wabtec Corporation and Kazakhstan Temir Zholy announced a $4.2 billion locomotive deal, reflecting deepening cooperation between Kazakhstan and American firms.
We reiterate our commitment to advancing repeal of the outdated Jackson-Vanik Amendment, which will allow us to fully realize the potential of this relationship.
We also applaud Kazakhstan's efforts to position itself as a key Eurasian transit hub.
We believe it is in our shared interest to improve Central Asian connectivity with global markets to boost the resilience of supply chains, and will seek ways to support the realization of the Trans-Caspian ``Middle Corridor.''
In addition to continued dialogue to safeguard critical technologies and improve the investment climate, we hope that the ongoing process of constitutional and political reform in Kazakhstan initiated in 2022 will strengthen governance and human rights.
On the occasion of Kazakhstan's Republic Day, we can reflect on our enduring friendship and the bright future of our strategic partnership.
We look forward to continued high-level engagement with Kazakhstan, both bilaterally and in multilateral fora.
In particular, we believe the anticipated [EA5] C5+1 Leaders' Summit in Washington, D.C. would be a pivotal opportunity to strengthen longstanding United States cooperation with Kazakhstan and Central Asia.