Mr. SARBANES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank my constituent, Joann Farley, who is retiring on May 31, 2024 after over 21 years of outstanding service to the House of Representatives in financial administrative and support roles.
Joann lives in Annapolis, MD, and I am proud to represent her here in Congress.
Joann is retiring after having lent her talents and skills to the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) for over two decades.
The daughter eventually landed in Marina, CA, where she started her federal career as an aide for the Supply Department of the Naval Postgraduate School.
In August 1982, she met a young Navy Lieutenant, Norm Farley of Annapolis, MD, who decided then and there that he wanted to marry her, and the two married in 1984.
As a Navy wife moving from base to base, she continued her career in various positions with the Navy, IRS, Army Research Center and Department.
She and Norm were blessed with three children: Laura in 1989, Jared in 1992 and Jacob in 2000.
Eventually the family landed in the Washington.
D.C. area.
where Joann worked for the Department of the Air Force, the Naval Academy and the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration.
In March 2003, Joann began her career with the CAO as a Vendor Management and Financial Counselor, processing payments and providing financial services and optimization of resources to House offices to ensure adherence to House rules and regulations.
She managed and enforced over 50 vendor contracts to ensure swift and comprehensive vendor response, safeguarding House terms and conditions.
Her knowledge, experience and courteous attentiveness enabled her to be an invaluable asset to the House.
Joann also formed long-lasting friendships with her customers and colleagues, among whom she is well respected and will be dearly missed.
Joann became a proud grandmother in 2019 when Laura gave birth to twins Lilyana and CeCe, and later, granddaughter Raina was born in 2023.
She and Norm recently purchased a home in Cape Coral, FL, where Joann will enjoy her retirement spending time with her family, pursuing various creative and home improvement projects, and enjoying winters in sunny Florida as a `snowbird.'
I congratulate Joann on her retirement and I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking her for her distinguished service to the House and our Nation.
I wish her all the best as she begins a new chapter in her life.