Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jewish American Heritage Month.
Our Nation benefits from the historical achievements and diversity of Jewish people every day, and I am proud to join many Since first immigrating to the United States in 1654, Jewish Americans have accomplished countless achievements.
Great minds, such as Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Elie Wiesel, have made irrevocable impacts on both our culture and society.
The Jewish American people continue to make our Nation proud by serving in the highest ranks of our military, achieving groundbreaking advancements in science, revolutionizing music and art, and much more.
My community of Rochester, NY, is steeped in Jewish culture.
Since the mid-1800's, Jewish families have settled in the region, making Rochester their home for generations to come.
Over more than 175 years, Rochester's Jewish community has played an integral role in the growth and development of our city and surrounding towns.
Today, key Jewish community institutions work to enrich the lives of Rochester's Jewish and non-Jewish citizens.
It is an honor to recognize this vibrant community for their devotion to Rochester's success and stability.
Throughout history, the Jewish people have proven to be resilient in their fight against persecution.
It is inspiring that they continue to persevere regardless of the difficulties they face.
To ensure their heritage remains preserved, we must continue to educate our youth on the extensive history of the Jewish people and their diverse cultural achievements.
While we are celebrating the contributions of the Jewish American people, we must also acknowledge the challenging times they face.
Many increase in antisemitism nationwide.
As allies of our Jewish neighbors, we must condemn this discriminatory behavior in every instance and demand justice for those affected.
The Jewish people are all too aware not allow history to repeat itself.
As a devoted friend of the Jewish community, I am proud to raise my voice in recognition of Jewish American Heritage month, and I look forward to many more years of celebrating the accomplishments and legacies.