Following a months-long bipartisan investigation, the House Select Committee on the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) revealed its findings of the CCP's role in the deadly fentanyl epidemic that has killed hundreds of thousands of Americans.
The fentanyl crisis is one of the most devastating disasters that our nation has faced and has made its way to the mountains.
Fentanyl kills more than 200 Americans daily on average, which is the equivalent to a packed Boeing 737 crashing every single day.
After all, the amount of fentanyl that is considered a potentially deadly dose is as small as the amount that fits on the tip of a pencil.
This dangerous drug is the leading cause of death for Americans aged 18-49 and has led to millions more suffering from addiction while continuing to destroy families and communities.
The fentanyl crisis is not just limited to the United States, as fentanyl and other mass-produced synthetic narcotics from the People's Republic of China (PRC) are devastating nations around the world.
This is why the U.S. must swiftly act on the following findings from the select committee's investigation to address the root cause of this global crisis.
The select committee's investigation found that the PRC government, under the control of the CCP: Directly subsidizes the manufacturing and export of illicit fentanyl materials and other synthetic narcotics through tax rebates.
Gave monetary grants and awards to companies openly trafficking illicit fentanyl materials and other synthetic narcotics.
Holds ownership interest in several PRC companies tied to drug trafficking.
Fails to prosecute fentanyl and precursor manufacturers.
Allows the open sale of fentanyl precursors and other illicit materials on the extensively monitored and controlled PRC internet.
Censors content about domestic drug sales but leaves export-focused narcotics content untouched.
Strategically and economically benefits from the fentanyl crisis.
The takeaways from these findings are that the U.S. needs to take the following decisive actions to address the fentanyl crisis: establish a Joint Task Force--Counter Opioids; provide law enforcement and intelligence officials with the authorities, tools and resources they need; strengthen U.S. sanctions authorities; enact and use trade and customs enforcement measures and close regulatory and enforcement gaps.