Their work focuses on alleviating humanitarian crises, hunger,

childhood cancer, and support of many other critical needs truly makes

our communities, Commonwealth, the United States, and the world a

better place.
Mr. Speaker, I'm privileged to recognize the Mechanicsburg Lions Club

on their 75th Anniversary.
Their work is the standard by which we

should all be judged, and I wish their organization and selfless

members Godspeed on their future missions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ROSEMOUNT POLICE SERGEANT SHAWN MCMENOMY

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank and honor Rosemount

Police Sergeant Shawn McMenomy for his courageous service during the

tragic February 18th incident in Burnsville, MN which lost officers

Matthew Ruge and Paul Elmstrand and firefighter/paramedic Adam Finseth.
Sergeant McMenomy provided mutual aid support to Burnsville and was

in the Bearcat and helped extract the mortally wounded officers and the

rest of the Burnsville staff that were on scene.
Sergeant McMenomy

joined the South Metro SWAT team in 2018 and is currently serving as a

Team Leader for the team that handles critical incidents across Dakota

and Rice County.
A Hastings native, Sergeant McMenomy began his service with the

Rosemount Police Department in 2011 and was previously a park ranger

and correctional officer for Dakota County.
He has served as a patrol

officer, on the department's crime scene team, as an advisor for the

police Explorer program and was promoted to Sergeant in 2015 assigned

as a detective.
I'm grateful for Sergeant McMenomy's service to Rosemount, Burnsville

and Minnesota.
He represents the best of law enforcement and it is a

privilege to represent him in Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ROBERT FRENCH, JR.
HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. Aderholt.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge the incredible

life and legacy of an 8th-generation Alabamian who exemplifies the

notion of a life lived in service to his community and his country.
Mr. Robert B. French, Jr., known as Bob to those who are fortunate

enough to know him, hails from a family of American patriots who

served in the American Revolutionary War.
Upon completion of their

service, Mr. French's descendants settled in Madison County, Alabama.
Growing up in Decatur, Alabama, Bob graduated from Decatur High

School in 1952 before attending the University of North Alabama.
Bob

knew service to his country was important to him, leading him to attend

the United States Military Academy Preparatory School in Newburg, New

York.
From there, he attended the University of Alabama where he earned

his bachelor's degree and went on to receive his law degree from the

University of Alabama School of Law.
Bob went on to serve in the United States Air Force during the Korean

Conflict as a communications operator in the intelligence field.
For

his efforts, he received three medals and an Honorable Discharge after

completing his service.
Bob, using his law degree, has published a multitude of papers in

addition to his outstanding accomplishments as a trial Lawyer.
He has

tried some of the most famous cases in Alabama history.
Before 2001,

Bob maintained a caseload that included more than 100 cases a year.
Perhaps his biggest accomplishment was marrying his late wife,

Celeste.
Together, Bob and Celeste raised three wonderful children:

daughters Michelle and Tammy, and son Tommy.
Tommy and his wife Sandra

Kay are the parents of two grandchildren, Trevor French and Victoria

French Ignacio.
Tammy is the mother of Bob's third grandchild, Katie

Prewitt.
Bob and Celeste were dedicated members of the First Baptist

Church of Fort Payne.
For 36 years, Bob taught a bible class at the

church that consistently saw more than 100 members attend.
Bob's call to be a spiritual guide to others was realized when he

began teaching a college-level class on spiritual development.