His service, leadership,

and dedication to excellence will be remembered long after his

departure.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I extend my

heartfelt thanks to Mr. Grady Bourn for his 25 years of distinguished

service, and I wish him all the best as he enters a well-earned

retirement.
His dedication to public service will be greatly missed by

all who had the honor of working alongside him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VERNON ``LEON'' DAVIS

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of

Vernon ``Leon'' Davis.
Leon Davis was a firefighter for over 30 years in Blackshear,

Georgia.
Mr. Davis worked his way up to Assistant Fire Chief of

Blackshear while serving part time over his expansive 30-year career.
Sadly, Davis passed in the line of duty while helping his Blackshear

community during Hurricane Helene.
This Hurricane has hit Georgia and the Southeast region of United

States hard.
Without the tremendous efforts and service of people like

Mr. Davis, our communities would not be able to recover.
Mr. Davis was known to be an exceptional man by his friends, family,

and all the people he worked with throughout his career.
He has deeply

touched the Blackshear community and will be greatly missed by many.
Our community is forever indebted to Mr. Davis's service, and I send

my deepest condolences to his family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BETTY STOUT'S 101ST BIRTHDAY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable

constituent, Betty Stout of Pennswood Village in Newtown.
Betty was

born on September 30, 1923, in Trenton.
N.J., and is now turning 101.
Betty was known during her childhood in Trenton as the ``The Little

Mother of Rutherford Avenue,'' because of the long hours she spent

caring for her younger brother, Gary.
Her father worked even longer

hours, leading a band, playing the organ in local movie theaters, and

delivering newspapers before the crack of dawn.
After graduating from Trenton High, Betty worked for the Trenton

Banking Company.
She married Ralph Stout, who also worked there, in

1947.
Ralph had a liberating effect on her life, mainly by encouraging

her do many of the things she had not been able to do as a child.
They

were wonderful dancers and excelled at bridge.
Betty learned to swim

and play golf, a sport that gave her great pleasure until she was 90.
She was an active member of the Hopewell Valley Golf Club for 50 years.
One of her grandchildren jokes she even looked down on the 9-holers.
Betty was a member of Ewing Presbyterian Church for many years before

joining Lawrenceville Presbyterian Church.
She now attends services at

Pennswood.
She volunteered with the Children's Committee of Mercer

Hospital.
Betty is adored by her three children, seven grandchildren

and seven great-grandchildren.
At her 100th birthday party, one of the

grandchildren described her as the hub of the family's wheel.
At the

age of 94, she served as the celebrant at another grandchild's wedding.
At Pennswood, Betty is surrounded by loving friends and staff.
To be

her friend or a spoke on her family's wheel is a rare, and always

rewarding privilege.
To be on the Pennswood staff is often to become

her friend.
Her capacity for friendship is matched by her passion for

setting wrongs right.
Happy Birthday, Betty.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING EARNEST WAYNE BARRON WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN

COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present Earnest Wayne

Barron, of Huntsville, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran

Commendation.
His servant life reflects the hard work and dedication

that exemplify the best of our East Texas values.