This store became a huge success, leading

him to open many more stores.
Throughout his career, Joe never lost his

heart for service and giving back to his community.
In his spare time,

he became a licensed EMT and eventually a paramedic.
He used these

certifications to serve as a firefighter for the Chaparral Volunteer

Fire Department for nearly 25 years.
His exposure to loud sirens during

this period led to

significant hearing loss, but Joe was willing to sacrifice his own

health for those around him.
Joe was a well-known pillar of his community and was there to lend a

hand to anyone who was in need.
He would help people that did not have

food and people who could not pay their bills.
Joe never hesitated to

support his community with time, money or labor.
His loved ones say

that he viewed his community as an extension of his family, fondly

sharing stories about the time he helped deliver a baby at his grocery

store.
Joe wanted nothing more than to share love and family, and if we

all cared about out communities the way that he did, the world would be

a much brighter place.
On this day, I would like to celebrate Joe Stires as a veteran, a

volunteer firefighter and as a pillar in our community who dedicated

himself to a life of giving.
His service has made his community and New

Mexico a better place.
On behalf of the great people of New Mexico's 2nd Congressional

District, I thank Joe Stires, for all he has done for us.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MR.
GRADY BOURN

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the

dedicated career of Mr. Grady Bourn as he embarks on his well-deserved

retirement after 25 years of exemplary service in the United States

House of Representatives.
As my Legislative Director, Grady has been a

cornerstone of legislative expertise, driven by an unwavering passion

for improving the lives of everyday Americans during his many years in

my office.
Grady began his journey on Capitol Hill a quarter of a century ago in

the office of former House Appropriations Chairman Jerry Lewis.
From

there, his tireless dedication to integrity and even-keeled leadership

brought him to my team, where he has been an indispensable asset.
I

have been blessed to call Grady a part of Team Carter, and his profound

influence on my legislative agenda has been felt across a wide range of

issues.
As Legislative Director, Grady has been instrumental in shaping our

efforts to pass high-quality legislation that protects the homeland,

stands up for America's veterans, and upholds the rule of law.
His

contributions have directly improved the lives of Americans from all

walks of life.
His commitment to ensuring the success of every policy

detail has been nothing short of remarkable.
Beyond his legislative prowess, Grady's leadership and mentorship

have left an indelible mark on those fortunate enough to work with him.
His steady guidance has not only influenced my staff but also touched

staff members across the House, regardless of political affiliation.
His dedication to nurturing the next generation of public servants will

undoubtedly leave a legacy in the halls of Congress.
As Grady embarks on this new chapter in his life.
I want to express

my deepest gratitude for his immense contributions to Team Carter and

to the United States House of Representatives.
His service, leadership,

and dedication to excellence will be remembered long after his

departure.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I extend my

heartfelt thanks to Mr. Grady Bourn for his 25 years of distinguished

service, and I wish him all the best as he enters a well-earned

retirement.
His dedication to public service will be greatly missed by

all who had the honor of working alongside him.