This element was critical for success and

Bobby and his fellow airmen performed admirably allowing the U.S. and

Coalition Forces to attain their objectives with great and quick

success.
In his twenty years of service, Bobby completed Basic Training, the

NCO Orientation Course and the NCO Academy.
Through service and combat

duty, Bobby was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal with one

device, Air Medal, Aerial Achievement Medal with 13 devices, Air Force

Longevity Service Award with four devices, Air Force Training Ribbon,

Southwest Asia Service Medal with three devices, Armed Forces Service

Medal, Air Force Overseas Short and Long Tour Ribbons with one device,

National Defense Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal with two

devices, Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon with one device, Combat

Readiness Medal with three devices, NCO Professional Military Education

Ribbon, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal with one device (Provide

Hope)(Provide Promise), NATO Medal, Kuwait Liberation Medal (Kuwait),

Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia), Air Force Outstanding Unit

Award with Valor with seven devices, Joint Meritorious Unit Award, Air

Force Good Conduct Medal with five devices, and the Meritorious Service

Medal.
After retiring from the Air Force, Bobby continued his service to his

brothers and community by serving on the New Hampshire Veteran Advisory

Board and after working his way up, he served as Commander of the

Combat Veteran Motorcycle Association (CVMA).
Eventually Bobby made his

way to Texas as fast as he could and currently serves as Commander of

the local chapter of the Combat Veteran Motorcycle Association.
Bobby

also serves as an officer with VFW Post 5871, board member for the

H.E.A.R.T.S. Veterans Museum and makes himself available to any local

Veterans advocacy groups raising money and helping to achieve their

goals.
When a Veteran calls, Bobby is there and takes them to the

doctor's office or provide emergency funds, Bobby finds a way.
It is with this level of loyalty and care for his fellow man and

Veteran brothers, that I proudly commend retired USAF Master Sergeant

Bobby Dean Broneske of Huntsville, Texas to his friends, family, and

colleagues, and salute his service to the Air Force, and Walker County

by awarding him the 2024 Congressional Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MECHANICSBURG LIONS CLUB

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize the Mechanicsburg

Lions Club on their 75th Anniversary.
Chartered in 1949, the Mechanicsburg Lions Club has provided

continuous service to our local community and the Lions International

organization--fostering a spirit of understanding among people for

humanitarian needs by providing voluntary services through community

involvement and international cooperation.
In some of their recent

work, the Mechanicsburg Lions Club supported the Operation Wildcat

Project Clothing initiative, volunteered at One80 Ministries preparing

their new transitional living space, and volunteered for Pink Hands of

Hope during a last-minute emergency cleanup.
The organization also

supports Boys Little League Baseball and Girls Softball leagues, Red

Cross Blood Drives, Meals on Wheels, subsidizes eyeglasses and hearing

aids for needy adults and children, supported the Silver Spring

Township Veterans Memorial, and myriad other worthy causes.
In recent years, with more than 50 members, the Mechanicsburg Lions

Club has raised and distributed approximately $40,000 to help local and

worldwide charities--proving an indispensable Godsend to our community.
Every penny the Club collects is distributed to those in need, and the

administration of the Club and international organization is provided

for through modest annual dues, which provides maximum charitable

impact.
Their work focuses on alleviating humanitarian crises, hunger,

childhood cancer, and support of many other critical needs truly makes

our communities, Commonwealth, the United States, and the world a

better place.
Mr. Speaker, I'm privileged to recognize the Mechanicsburg Lions Club

on their 75th Anniversary.
Their work is the standard by which we

should all be judged, and I wish their organization and selfless

members Godspeed on their future missions.