Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

and celebrate Jason Sodano, who has been honored with the prestigious

2024 William M. Usdane Award that recognizes outstanding achievement

and exceptional character by an employee with a disability.
SourceAmerica confers this award as part of its AbilityOne Program,

which leverages federal procurement to create job opportunities for

Americans with disabilities through the nonprofit organizations that

employ them.
Jason overcame his developmental disability and earned both his high

school diploma and an associate's degree in office technology.
His perseverance helped him land a job with New Leaf, a participating

nonprofit in the AbilityOne Program that operates at Naval Air Station

Whidbey Island, Washington.
For the past 13 years, Jason has worked on the naval base as a

janitor.
Jason's supervisors, colleagues and family praise his commitment to

excellence and his positive attitude that seems to brighten the

workplace and inspire those around him.
Along the way, Jason has earned awards for perfect attendance and

exceeding quality standards by ensuring cleanliness for up to 1,700

military personnel at NAS Whidbey Island.
Jason exemplifies the American spirit in overcoming adversity.
His

journey from struggling with standardized tests to becoming a valued

employee at New Leaf is a testament to his resilience and

determination.
He has shown that regardless of the challenges one faces, it is

possible to achieve great success through hard work and a positive

attitude.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in extending heartfelt congratulations to

Jason Sodano for his well-deserved recognition with the 2024 William M.

Usdane Award.
Jason's dedication and achievements are an inspiration to us all.
May

he continue to excel and make profound impacts in his workplace and

beyond.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MASTER SERGEANT BOBBY DEAN BRONESKE, USAF, RETIRED, WITH A

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present retired USAF

Master Sergeant Bobby Dean Broneske, of Huntsville, Texas, with a

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His servant's life reflects the

hard work and dedication that exemplifies the best of our East Texas

values.
Bobby Broneske entered active duty in Boston, Massachusetts in

February of 1981 at eighteen years of age.
Bobby served honorably

through peacetime and a lengthy and volatile period in the Gulf War

including Operation Desert Storm, Operation Desert Shield and the

Liberation of Kuwait.
Bobby is a highly decorated airman.
Bobby was trained and served as an Electronic Warfare Systems

Craftsman, and during the Gulf War, he operated from Kuwait and Saudi

Arabia ensuring the safety and effectiveness of aircraft, their crews

and completion of their missions guiding their every move.
Bobby was

required to operate at a technically high level operating sophisticated

systems given the precision and coordination of coalition forces and

their individual missions.
This element was critical for success and

Bobby and his fellow airmen performed admirably allowing the U.S. and

Coalition Forces to attain their objectives with great and quick

success.
In his twenty years of service, Bobby completed Basic Training, the

NCO Orientation Course and the NCO Academy.
Through service and combat

duty, Bobby was awarded the Air Force Commendation Medal with one

device, Air Medal, Aerial Achievement Medal with 13 devices, Air Force

Longevity Service Award with four devices, Air Force Training Ribbon,

Southwest Asia Service Medal with three devices, Armed Forces Service

Medal, Air Force Overseas Short and Long Tour Ribbons with one device,

National Defense Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal with two

devices, Small Arms Expert Marksmanship Ribbon with one device, Combat

Readiness Medal with three devices, NCO Professional Military Education

Ribbon, Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal with one device (Provide

Hope)(Provide Promise), NATO Medal, Kuwait Liberation Medal (Kuwait),

Kuwait Liberation Medal (Saudi Arabia), Air Force Outstanding Unit

Award with Valor with seven devices, Joint Meritorious Unit Award, Air

Force Good Conduct Medal with five devices, and the Meritorious Service

Medal.