Title: CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF EL GALLO BAKERY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
153

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF EL GALLO BAKERY

HON.
JIMMY GOMEZ

Mr. GOMEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate El

Gallo Bakery on their 75th anniversary of doing business in

California's 34th Congressional District.
El Gallo Bakery is an outstanding small business in East Los Angeles

that exemplifies the entrepreneurial spirit of small businesses.
Founded by Magdalena Martinez de Huerta on February 2, 1949, 5 years

after immigrating to East Los Angeles from Guadalajara, Jalisco,

Mexico.
El Gallo Bakery was passed down to Mr. Jesus Huerta, the son of

Magdalena Martinez de Huerta.
Mr. Huerta became the owner at 18 years

old in 1984 and has transformed El Gallo Bakery into a staple of the

East Los Angeles community.
Mr. Huerta has also provided numerous contributions to the East Los

Angeles community through his exceptional civic and business leadership

and has brought the vibrant flavors of Mexico to East Los Angeles,

enriching the cultural tapestry and creating a legacy of delicious

memories and culinary excellence.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and

celebrating El Gallo Bakery on its 75th anniversary.
Congratulations

again on reaching this impressive milestone.
I wish them continued

success and here's to the next 75 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING ISLES PUB & PIZZA ON THEIR 40TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MIKE FLOOD

Mr. FLOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Dave Cole and Isles Pub

& Pizza a very happy 40th anniversary.
Established in 1984, Dave Cole turned an old Italian restaurant into

a community favorite pizza kitchen with the help of many dedicated

friends.
After a customer led naming contest for the business, the restaurant

became ``The Isles Pub & Pizza'', more oftenly called ``The Isles.''
Since then, Isles Pub & Pizza has grown and distinguished itself in

many ways.
Cole and company have dedicated hours of their time curating

the perfect pizza sauce for their customers.
Many local community leaders consider Isles Pub & Pizza to be some of

the best pizza in the area.
Cole and his staff have continued to

provide quality food and excellent service for 40 years.
Isles Pub & Pizza have been recognized with many achievements

including Lincoln's recent 2024 Choice Award.
As Dave Cole and Isles Pub & Pizza reach their 40th anniversary,

there is much to celebrate.
On behalf of the people of Nebraska's First Congressional District, I

congratulate them on 40 years and wish them fun as they celebrate this

incredible milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING OAK KNOLL SCHOOL OF THE HOLY CHILD'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
THOMAS H. KEAN, JR.
Mr. KEAN of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my

warmest congratulations to the Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child on

their 100th anniversary.
I am truly grateful to be celebrating this

monumental milestone with you all.
The Oak Knoll School of the Holy

Child was founded by the Society of the Holy

Child Jesus and has been at the forefront of empowering students not

only academically but also in personal growth and social

responsibility.
Over the past 100 years, Oak Knoll has fostered a

welcoming diverse student body of inquisitive students who think

critically, embrace knowledge, respond with moral and ethical

integrity, and make responsible choices that enrich their own lives and

contribute to the lives of others.
The Oak Knoll school has maintained

a steadfast commitment to integrating faith with education, promoting a

community of compassionate and informed citizens who are ready to lead

and serve in a global society.
The past 100 years have served as a

reflection of the vibrant legacy that will continue to inspire and

shape future generations.