Over the past 100 years, Oak Knoll has fostered a

welcoming diverse student body of inquisitive students who think

critically, embrace knowledge, respond with moral and ethical

integrity, and make responsible choices that enrich their own lives and

contribute to the lives of others.
The Oak Knoll school has maintained

a steadfast commitment to integrating faith with education, promoting a

community of compassionate and informed citizens who are ready to lead

and serve in a global society.
The past 100 years have served as a

reflection of the vibrant legacy that will continue to inspire and

shape future generations.
The Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child has

stood as a testament to a century's worth of educational innovation,

resilience, and dedication.
May the schools next 100 years be filled

with as much success as the past 100 years.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUPERVISOR CINDY CHAVEZ

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Santa Clara County

Supervisor Cindy Chavez, who has dedicated her career to serving the

residents of District 2 in Santa Clara County.
Supervisor Cindy Chavez represents approximately 500,000 individuals

in one of the most densely populated areas of our county.
Sworn into

office in August 2013 after a special election, Supervisor Chavez has

been re-elected twice.
She has been committed and effective in her

leadership.
Supervisor Cindy Chavez was a leader in the establishment of the

Children's Health Initiative and helped champion efforts that resulted

in the County of Santa Clara to become the first county in the nation

to assure health care for every child living in the County.
Supervisor Cindy Chavez has made significant strides in ensuring that

Santa Clara County remains an affordable, safe, and engaging community

for all.
Her leadership on the CalTrain Board of Directors has been

pivotal in advancing the electrification of CalTrain and planning for a

highspeed rail.
A commissioner on the Metropolitan Transportation

Commission and a board member of the Valley Transportation Authority,

she actively addresses regional transportation needs.
In 2016, she led Measure A, a landmark $950 million housing bond that

has funded nearly 5,000 units of affordable housing, prioritizing

vulnerable communities in Santa Clara County.
Additionally, Chavez is a

statewide leader, championing programs for survivors of sexual assault

and human trafficking, securing a 400 percent increase in funding for

essential services for survivors.
She has tirelessly worked to expand public services and create

community partnerships, including the establishment of the Vietnamese

American Service Center, the first of its kind in the Nation.
In closing, Supervisor Cindy Chavez exemplifies public service

through her dedication to improving lives in Santa Clara County.
Her

innovative policies and advocacy have set a standard for community

leadership, making her a vital asset to our community, addressing

pressing social issues.
It has been a privilege to work alongside her,

and I am proud to call her my friend.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF MR.
JOE STIRES

HON.
GABE VASQUEZ

Mr. VASQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Joe

Stires and to celebrate his legacy of service.
Joe Stires began his lifetime of service to our community when he

joined the United States Air Force, immediately after finishing high

school.
He served our community honorably in the Air Force for nearly a

decade.
It was during this time that he met his life partner, Matilde.
After leaving the military, Joe took on challenge after challenge.
After working as an insurance agent in Chaparral, Stires eventually

opened his own grocery store.
This store became a huge success, leading

him to open many more stores.
Throughout his career, Joe never lost his

heart for service and giving back to his community.
In his spare time,

he became a licensed EMT and eventually a paramedic.