Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Officer Graciela Santillano James for her service and dedication to the community's safety and prosperity.
Graciela graduated from Dos Palos High School in 1992 and earned her bachelor of arts degree from Saint Mary's College of California in 1996.
She began her lifelong career after completing the California Highway Patrol Academy in September 2003.
Initially serving in the San Jose area, she later transferred to Fresno.
Her skills and teamwork were recognized, leading to her promotion to the Central Division Traffic Management Center in April 2009.
She quickly established herself as a respected member of our valley through her unwavering dedication and eagerness to grow.
In May 2012, she was chosen for the Central Division El Protector Community Outreach Program, where she engages with the Hispanic community to share information about local events, such as townhall meetings, and to foster trust in law enforcement.
She takes great pride in this initiative, describing it as a ``service to California.''
As a young girl, Graciela aspired to become a California Highway Patrol Officer.
She remembers her parents consistently stressing the importance of education, and she was inspired by watching Spanish television with her father.
From an early age, she resolutely decided that she wanted to be the ``El Protector'' of her community.
Her service extends beyond her job as she has demonstrated her involvement with numerous organizations such as El Concilio de Fresno-- Cesar Chavez Concilio, who has built fundamental relationships for her programs, Mexican Consulate of both Fresno and Atlanta, Proteus, Inc., the Latino Rotary--Fresno, Holy Cross Center for Women, U.S. Department schools in both Madera and Fresno Counties.
Officer Santillano James has been recognized for her extensive accomplishments among which include holding office as vice-president and scholarship coordinator for the Latino Peace Officers Association-- Fresno Chapter, where she is committed to their mission of ``honoring family, education, and community through service and mentorship.''
Additionally, she was appointed vice-chair for Centro La Familia Advocacy Services and recognized as an Outstanding Board Member for her commitment.
Today, we bid farewell and thank Officer Graciela for her service and going above and beyond for her community.
Despite her career coming to an end, she continues to represent the Hispanic community as a bilingual and bicultural officer and aims to motivate individuals.
As we honor the career of Officer Graciela Santillano James, I commend her for her advocacy and leadership.
Mr Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in honoring the career.
Let us celebrate her diligence and devotion to the safety of others and educating her community.