Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize Sister Judith Ann Duvall for her 18 years of honorable service as the major superior of the Sisters of the Third Order.
Francis and as Chairperson of the OSF Healthcare system in Illinois.
Sister Judith Ann was born just outside.
Louis, Missouri as the middle child in a modest Catholic family.
She entered the convent in September of 1964 and then went on to receive her Bachelor of Science in Nursing from Northern Illinois University, a master's degree in Catholic doctrine from St. John's University in New York City; and a Bachelor of Science in Business Management and Administration from Bradley University.
Since entering the convent, Sister Judith Ann has devoted her life to her vocation and the advancement of the mission of OSF.
During her time with OSF, Sister Judith Ann worked tirelessly in support of improving the healthcare system in Illinois.
Under Sister Judith Ann's leadership, OSF experienced dramatic growth.
The OSF Healthcare system grew from 6 hospitals to 16 hospitals across the state and has expanded its employment level from 13,000 to 25,000 employees.
In 2013, she helped Peoria welcome the OSF Richard L. Owens Hospice Home which provides individuals facing chronic illness with compassionate and merciful caregivers during their journey to eternal life.
Additionally, Sister Judith Ann worked to build a strong relationship between the Children's Hospital of Illinois and Easter Seals.
This partnership and collaboration, stemming from Sister Judith Ann's work, has inspired innovation for children's healthcare across Central Illinois.
In recognition of her dedication to Catholic healthcare and leadership, Pope Benedict XVI granted Sister Judith Ann the Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice Cross in October of 2012.
Additionally, Sister Judith Ann's incredible service and leadership to the Peoria area, through OSF Healthcare, earned her the Pere Marquette Award and the Edythe A. Cohen Business and Industry Award.
Sister Judith Ann's tireless work has greatly impacted the Peoria community and the state.
Her commitment to her vocation and service to others is truly inspiring.
Congratulations to Sister Judith Ann on 18 years of service to the Third Order.
Francis and to OSF Healthcare.
We are grateful for her dedication to our community.