Deary me, Mr Speaker.
We have confidence in the bus manufacturers, and it is a pity that the Government do not—that is the problem.
Unlike SULEBS and ScotZEB—the Scottish ultra-low emission bus scheme and the Scottish zero-emission bus challenge fund—the ZEBRA scheme has been a failure.
No spin from the Dispatch Box can deny that, and our bus manufacturers are paying the price.
We must learn from this, and we can start by encouraging those purchasing zero-emission buses to place greater emphasis on social value and wider environmental and economic impacts when evaluating tenders.
The Government must take responsibility.
Will the Secretary of State consider conducting a cross-Government review into prioritising domestic manufacturing within existing legal frameworks?
People are able to put social value into their tenders.
My understanding is that local authorities do that, but they are not allowed to have a specific commitment to buy from a certain provision.
The hon.
Gentleman has to decide whether he has confidence in our fantastic companies, as he set out.
In a fair competition, some of the companies that have been mentioned—some of which I have visited—can win against competitors around the world.
If he thinks that there is unfair competition and that companies are being subsidised, he should give the evidence to the Trade Remedies Authority, which has the legal structures and the tools to do the job.
We’ve had one question about buses, and then a second one comes along.
What steps he is taking to support local bus services.
The Government have provided over £4.5 billion to support and improve bus services since March 2020.
Leicestershire County Council received over £3.5 million in emergency recovery funding to help maintain services during and after covid, and has recently been awarded up to £7.6 million to deliver its bus service improvement plan.
As the House will know, the word democracy comes from the Greek “demos”, meaning the people, and “kratos”, meaning power—power to the people.
Well, the 1,200 people in North West Leicestershire who signed a petition for the reinstatement of the numbers 16, 29 and 29A bus services on their original routes are not feeling very empowered.
Despite a very well run campaign, there is no movement from Arriva or Leicestershire County Council.
What can the Minister do to help my constituents?
Where commercial operators want to change a service, as I understand happened in this community, they have to work with the local authority to replace services where possible and limit disruption.
I would point out to the hon.
Gentleman that Leicestershire County Council has also received over £1 million from the rural mobility fund to trial demand-responsive services, and I encourage him to meet it.
My constituents and I are extremely concerned about Arriva’s sudden proposals to close its depot in Aylesbury, with no warning that it was even being considered.
The company admitted that it would mean ending the vast majority of its services in our area, causing huge problems for those who rely on its buses to get to school, work and hospital.
I have demanded an urgent meeting with its senior management, but what can the Department do to help hold Arriva to account and ensure Aylesbury residents have the bus services they need and deserve?
I am aware of this problem, which has recently come to light.
I would certainly encourage a meeting between the local authority, the bus company and my hon.
Friend, and I will assist him in any way in that respect.
I am aware that some local operators, in the form of Carousel Buses and the Oxford Bus Company, are running some of the services, but I accept that there is an issue in Aylesbury and I will help him on an ongoing basis.
If he will have discussions with (a) Airbus and (b) Boeing on air safety.
Both I and departmental officials engage proactively with industry, including Boeing, Airbus and other manufacturers, on aviation safety.
The Civil  Aviation Authority, the independent safety regulator for the aviation sector, also engages regularly across the industry.
I should point out that we have some of the safest skies in the world.
The fatal accident rate of UK airlines is among the lowest in Europe and the world.
We have not had a single fatal accident involving commercial passenger airplanes for more than 29 years.
I am determined that that safety record will continue.