On that basis, let us go to Cambridge.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Indeed, some are more positive about the improved connectivity potential in and around Cambridge, but the Minister will be aware that his colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities recently established the Cambridge delivery group, which is looking to create 150,000 additional homes, which  will in turn create a whole series of transport challenges.
Will he tell the House what structures are in place to ensure proper dialogue between his Department, DLUHC and East West Rail?
The East West Rail growth board, which, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller)  pointed out, is being led by the Treasury, will be critical to ensuring that joined-up approach.
It is essential that we look at this project as an economic opportunity for the area.
I have met my hon.
Friend’s constituents as we have both travelled around, and I appreciate that there is an impact where there is housing, but if we do not have a workforce, Cambridge and that region will not be able to compete on the global stage and we will not see the pioneering scientific and bio-health developments that we see from Cambridge.
That is why I believe that this railway is critical.
What steps he is taking to support bus manufacturing.
The UK boasts a strong and highly competitive bus manufacturing industry.
Manufacturers have benefited significantly from Government funding as we work with industry to decarbonise the bus fleet.
More than 5,200 buses have been funded across the UK since February 2020, with UK bus manufacturers supporting many of them.
UK manufacturers have grown substantially in recent years as a result of their success in securing orders, supported by £460 million of dedicated ZEBRA—zero-emission bus regional areas—funding.
The reality is that the UK Government could do much more.
At Tuesday’s sitting of the Transport Committee, Mick Whelan of ASLEF said that in Germany, they have German trains and in Italy, they have Italian trains.
He said: “Before they award a Government contract, they look at their supply chains, future apprenticeships and all the things associated with those contracts”.
Why does the UK continue to destroy its own industrial base by refusing to implement similar procurement policies for all transport manufacturers, including buses?
There is too big a reliance on Chinese imports.
As I said, UK bus manufacturers have done very well out of decarbonisation policies.
They are every competitive, and I have had the opportunity in this job to visit a number of them.
If the hon.
Gentleman believes that there is unfair competition from imports, he knows that there is an independent statutory body, the Trade Remedies Authority, whose responsibility it is to look at importers where there might be dumping.
If he thinks there is any evidence of that by any manufacturers, he should provide that evidence to the Trade Remedies Authority so that it can conduct an investigation, as appropriate.