The hon.
Gentleman might not be aware of the recent consultation to reduce the age requirement for bus and HGV drivers from 21 to 18, and I encourage him to speak to the Department for Work and Pensions.
We are working closely with the relevant Ministers at DWP to have sector-based work academies and skills boot camps, to encourage greater participation by drivers.
If he will fund exploratory rail studies on passenger numbers through the local transport fund.
The local transport fund is a £4.7 billion fund that has been allocated to local authorities in the north and midlands to fund a wide range of transport measures.
The funding empowers local leaders to invest in the transport policies that matter most to people in their area, and that could include rail studies.
Guidance will be published shortly to support local leaders in developing their plans, but it will rightly be a local decision.
May I first congratulate my hon.
Friend on the award of £168 million to the East Riding to improve transport, whether that is potholes, bus  shelters or whatever else in Beverley and Holderness?
The Minister is aware of my championing, alongside Labour colleagues, Liberal Democrat colleagues and the councils across the whole area, of the reopening of the Hull to York line through Beverley.
I am delighted to hear him confirm today that that funding can be used to explore and produce a refined demand model for that railway.
Will he confirm that?
My right hon.
Friend is indeed a great champion for this scheme, which we have discussed many times.
I am pleased to confirm that the local transport fund could be used to develop the new rail link between York and Hull via Beverley.
It is important to say that it will be for the local transport authority to decide, and I encourage him to continue to engage with it.
Our upcoming guidance will set out more detail about the scope of the LTF, and I am sure he will continue with his mission to deliver.
What steps he is taking to improve transport connectivity for towns and cities in the north-west.
Before I answer my hon.
Friend’s question, may I just welcome very strongly your statement at the beginning of business, Mr Speaker, standing up for the rights of Members to debate things in this House and the importance of protecting their security?
That is welcome, and I am sure it will have been welcomed by all parts of the House.
In answer to my hon.
Friend’s question, Network North will see a further £19.8 billion of investment in the north of England following the redirection of funding from the second phase of HS2.
Liverpool city region is one of six areas to benefit from nearly £4 billion of uplift in the second round of the city region sustainable transport settlements.
A further £1.48 billion is going to the non-mayoral local authorities to fund a wide range of projects.
Guidance on how that should be spent will be forthcoming shortly.
My right hon.
Friend knows how important rail connectivity is to my constituents.
It will be further enhanced by the reconnection of the Burscough curves, a project that is also supported by our hon.
Friend  the Member for South Ribble (Katherine Fletcher) , who has her own campaign for a station at Midge Hall.
Given the importance of schemes that link areas, will he issue stronger guidance for transport authorities to have better links between each other, rather than just within their own transport areas?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I recently hosted a roundtable, bringing together him, his local authority, Lancashire County Council, local rail operators and other interested parties to discuss how to further develop the business case for the Burscough curves.
He will be aware that we have allocated that money to the local transport fund.
Lancashire County Council will get £494 million over seven years, starting next year.
I suggest he continues the conversation we have had to urge the council to look at developing that scheme.
We will be publishing guidance encouraging it to do that, working with Members of Parliament in the very near future.
You can think of Coppull station.
When will the Secretary of State improve on the timetable at the time of Gladstone?
I am not entirely certain—the Rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman)  set out clearly the improved performance that we have seen this year.
We are clear that we are integrating track and train with our rail reform that is being scrutinised in the House, and that will improve things.
We have recently reorganised the Department, bringing in Alex Hynes to link that together.
That is how we deliver improved performance.
We have set out those plans clearly.
Legislation before this House is being scrutinised by the Select Committee of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Milton Keynes South (Iain Stewart) .
We look forward to its report, which I understand we will get before the summer recess, to take those plans forward.
We welcome the £494 million in Lancashire, as you will in Chorley, Mr Speaker.
We have also been having discussions about what we want to see with that funding, whether that is at the Hare and Hounds junction in Clayton or just fixing potholes across the constituencies.
One of the important things in Hyndburn and Haslingden is making sure that our train stations are accessible for everybody.
We currently have a few bids in, including Church & Oswaldtwistle and Rishton.
Will the Secretary of State look favourably upon those bids?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for welcoming the money that will go to her local authority.
We will make it clear in the guidance, which I hope will be welcome to you as well, Mr Speaker, that local authorities should very much involve their Members of Parliament in discussing those priorities.
I hope that every Member in the north and the midlands where local authorises are getting those funds will take advantage of that.
On my hon.
Friend’s specific point about accessibility and our Access for All programme, as she knows, a number of bids were made and they are currently being scrutinised.
I hope that, in the near future, we will be able to set out which ones will be funded.
I urge her to wait for that announcement.
I wish her good luck.
Obviously, I cannot prejudge that process, but I hope that she is successful.
Will the Secretary of State explain why train fares have risen almost twice as fast as wages since 2010?
The hon.
Lady will know that over the last two years the Government have made significant interventions to keep rail fares rising no faster than the rise in people’s wages.
She also knows that we have to balance the farebox against the taxpayer.
She will know that, because of the pandemic, the taxpayer has put in £31 billion over a couple of years to protect the rail industry.
Passenger figures have not yet recovered to  their numbers beforehand.
That is why it is important that, as soon as we can, we get rail companies on contracts that incentivise them to drive up the number of passengers using the service, which is how we will reduce the call on the taxpayer and enable fares to be kept competitive.
What recent progress he has made on the East West Rail project.
For connection stage one of East West Rail.
I was pleased to attend an event in March to mark the completion of work on the final section of track connecting Bicester and Bletchley, with services expected to commence next year.
At the spring Budget, £240 million was announced to accelerate work introducing services between Oxford and Bedford by the end of the decade.
Following the announcement of the preferred route alignment between Bedford and Cambridge last May, a statutory consultation is due to launch this summer.
The connection of East West Rail from Bedford to Cambridge will cost the taxpayer an enormous amount of money—the Minister knows that, because he was at the Transport Committee sitting right next to the permanent secretary when she said so—although apparently that is okay because a few landowners and developers will make shedloads of money out of planning gain.
Meanwhile, the latest chief executive officer of East West Rail has scarpered because he could not stand the heat in the kitchen.
As the Minister said, East West Rail is progressing with a statutory consultation—having completely fluffed the first consultation by not contacting the right people—but holding it over the summer months while people are away.
All the time, the project is being driven by the economic growth board in the Treasury, which meets secretly and tells people nothing.
What can the Minister tell my constituents about this project?