Before we begin today’s proceedings, I would like to make a short statement.
On Monday night, the House agreed a new policy based on a report of the House of Commons Commission setting out the steps that can be taken if a Member is arrested on suspicion of committing a violent or sexual offence.
This involves a risk assessment carried out by a panel, which may recommend that a Member be excluded from the parliamentary estate.
More details of the policy are available on the House of Commons Commission’s webpage.
As the House knows, the main motion, as amended, was agreed to without a Division.
No Member voted against the exclusion policy.
However, I understand that some hon.
Members have received threats on social media since the vote on Monday.
Let me be quite clear: any attempt to intimidate or threaten any Member of this House is totally and wholly unacceptable.
It is an affront to our democracy and to the constituents who elected us, and it is a contempt of this House.
Any Member who receives threatening communications should report them to the Parliamentary Security Department and, if appropriate, to the police through the Parliamentary Liaison and Investigations Team, which will be able to investigate further.
I wrote to all hon.
Members last night to remind them of the support services available to Members.
We take this very seriously.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Is it relevant to what I have just said?
It is, Mr Speaker.
Given that our legal system has in-built safeguards to protect the rights of the accused and that we in this place promote and defend these rights on behalf of our constituents, was it not absolutely in order for this House to debate the extent of these rights in relation to the exclusion of Members of Parliament from this Chamber and the estate before they had either been convicted or discharged by the courts?
It is absolutely right that this House should have an opportunity to debate and vote on these matters, as it did on Monday night.
I will leave it at that.