The Secretary of State took a decision on road safety yesterday, so clearly we are addressing all these matters on an ongoing basis.
I addressed the issue in a Westminster Hall debate recently, but I will write to the hon.
Member with more detail.
The Labour Mayor of South Yorkshire has been given colossal sums of money by this Government.
Sadly, it appears that he chooses to spend it on Sheffield supertrams and Sheffield’s transport infrastructure, not Doncaster’s.
Will the Minister send a clear message to him that he should spend this money not only wisely, but across the combined authority, not just in Sheffield?
It is obviously up to mayors to decide how to spend the money, but I would expect them to spend it fairly across the entire region that they represent.
Given that fantastic Members of Parliament such as my hon.
Friend will hold them to account, voters in his constituency and across the combined authority area will hopefully make the right decision, when they get the chance.
New evidence shows that Ofgem’s targeted charging review has led to significant increases in public electric vehicle charger standing charge rates, which are passed on to the consumer.
In one site in northern Scotland, costs have increased from £315 to £809 per day.
What will the Minister do to regulate the cost of electric vehicle charging nationally?
I am the Minister responsible for electrical vehicles.
The cost of charging is a concern to many EV drivers.
On standing charges for charge point operators, I met with the chief executive of Ofgem, the regulator, earlier this week to discuss that exact issue.
It is one of the things that Ofgem is looking at.
How is the Minister working to improve the supply of rolling stock orders, to give customers a better experience, and importantly, to give companies such as Hitachi orders to bid for?
As an example, just yesterday an invitation to negotiate was sent out by Southeastern to five train manufacturers, one of which is Hitachi, which is so well supported and championed by my hon.
Friend.
We have plans over the coming years for 2,000 rolling   stock orders, worth a total of £3.6 billion.
I hope that, with our support, the benefits for train manufacturing supply chains will continue.
Road safety organisations and driving instructors are concerned to ensure that young drivers have some experience of night driving.
Does the Minister intend to ensure that night driving becomes part of the test?
The hon.
Gentleman knows that the test has got more difficult and onerous for individuals; we have made it much harder to pass in the first place.
We look at all aspects of post-test passing on an ongoing basis, but I will take the matter up with him personally.
I was grateful to the roads Minister for his commitment in an earlier answer to working with us in Buckinghamshire to find a solution to the crisis created by Arriva withdrawing bus services, but does he agree that companies that have been all too happy to take a taxpayer subsidy have a moral duty to maintain those services or give the money back?
We certainly expect those companies to engage with the local authority to ensure the provision of alternative service.
That is what we intend to ensure happens.
The Government recently announced yet another consultation support mechanism for the production of sustainable aviation fuel.
Meanwhile, other countries across the world are getting on with producing SAF at scale.
When will the Government get the mechanism in place, and will they meet their unambitious target of five SAF plants by 2025?
On  25 April , we published the SAF mandate, requiring 10% SAF across the aviation industry by 2030, and announced the revenue certainty mechanism consultation.
It is an eight-week consultation.
We have been inviting the whole industry to respond to it.
We have to ensure that we get it right, and we will produce the final result very shortly after that.
Moor Farm roundabout in Cramlington is not for the faint-hearted.
In fact, many of my residents have told me that they actively avoid it.
That is exactly why I had the roundabout cleaned and re-marked recently; however, more work needs to be done.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss a more permanent solution, and the progress that I have made with Northumberland County Council and National Highways?
As someone who knows that roundabout very well, I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend, and to ensure that the good work that Northumberland County Council is doing to upgrade and improve the area continue.
Before we move on, I wish to make a short statement about the Speaker’s chaplain, the venerable Patricia Hillas.
This morning, Downing Street announced that His Majesty the King has appointed the Rev. Canon Hillas as the next Bishop of Sodor and Man.
I am sure that Members will agree that the Rev. Canon Hillas—Tricia, our friend—has been an amazing colleague, and has faced during her tenure some of the most turbulent, challenging and celebratory times in our history: the impact on the parliamentary community of covid; the murder of our much-loved colleague Sir David Amess; the deaths of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth and the Duke of Edinburgh; and of course the coronation of His Majesty King Charles III.
At every gathering, in all circumstances, Tricia has had a calming presence, exuding her trademark warmth and giving wise counsel to MPs and staff alike.
Tricia will be consecrated as the bishop in October, and I am sure that we will all wish her joy on that occasion.
She takes up her post on the Isle of Man, one of the oldest and smallest of the Church of England’s 42 dioceses, in the autumn.
Work on the recruitment of Tricia’s successor will follow in due course.
I personally will miss Tricia, and all the support and help that she has given me in my position.
She has been not only a great Speaker’s chaplain, but a great friend; we will all be united in thinking that.
I am sure that the whole House would like to take this opportunity to wish Tricia well.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Deputy Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the Government’s response to atrocity risks in El Fasher, Sudan.
Yesterday we published a written ministerial statement outlining our grave concern about reports of devastating violence in and around El Fasher, with civilians caught in the crossfire.
In April, the UK led negotiations, alongside Mozambique, Sierra Leone and Algeria, at the United Nations Security Council to deliver a press statement that urged the warring parties to de-escalate in El Fasher, and to comply with their obligations under international humanitarian law.
We also called for a closed UN Security Council consultation on the situation.
On  2 May , the Deputy Foreign Secretary publicly called on the Rapid Support Forces and the Sudanese Armed Forces to protect civilians and “spare Sudan from their wilful destruction and carnage.”
We continue to pursue all diplomatic avenues to achieve a permanent ceasefire, and we welcome plans to restart talks in Jeddah.
We urge the region to refrain from actions that prolong the conflict and to engage positively in peace talks.
We have used exchanges with the warring parties to condemn strongly atrocities that they have perpetrated, and to demand that their leadership makes every effort to prevent further atrocities in territories that they have captured or threatened to capture, as well as to press the need for improved humanitarian access.
On  15 April , the Deputy Foreign Secretary announced a package of sanctions designations, freezing the assets of three commercial entities linked to the warring parties, and we will continue to explore other levers that we have to disrupt and constrain the sources of funding that both warring parties are using to sustain themselves.
We continue to support the Centre for Information Resilience, which documents, preserves and shares evidence of reported atrocities, so that their perpetrators can in due course be brought to justice.
There will be no impunity for human rights abusers.
Finally, we will keep working to ensure that the voices of Sudanese civilians are heard, whether they be survivors and witnesses of human rights abuses, Sudanese non-governmental organisations, women’s rights organisations, activists helping in their communities, or those trying to develop a political vision for Sudan’s future.
UK technical and diplomatic support has been instrumental in the establishment of the anti-war, pro-democracy Taqaddum coalition, led by former Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok, and we will continue to support Taqaddum’s development.
More than 1 million civilians are under immediate threat of massacre in El Fasher.
The Opposition have been calling attention to the risks for several weeks.
RSF plans have been slowed, due to pressure from the UN, our diplomats and the United States, but that offensive is happening now at full pelt.
We need the international partners with the most influence over the RSF to use their power now and stop the ongoing mass atrocities in El Fasher.
Every state must surely recognise  that the ongoing collapse of Sudan into anarchy and famine is against its best interests, because the generals’ war against the people of Sudan is a blight on humanity.
The US has set out a red line, promising “direct and immediate consequences for those responsible for an offensive on El Fasher.”
How will the Government back that position?
We need more pressure put on both the warring parties to move towards an immediate ceasefire and granting humanitarian access.
We need the Government to consider all serious and rapid options for civilian protection.
I genuinely believe that we need to support the resistance committees and emergency rooms.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary is a good man who genuinely understands what is at stake, but the Opposition expect the UK’s collective voice to be heard loud and clear at this time, in the very hours when this atrocity is under way, so how will the Government act to protect civilians and ensure that our horror and anger are properly heard?