It is two years since the reprehensible actions of P&O, and Peter Hebblethwaite’s calamitous appearance in Parliament comes four years after Willie Walsh and  Álex Cruz, the then CEOs of the International Airlines Group and BA, shamefully threatened thousands of British Airways workers with fire and rehire, having refused Government covid assistance.
On Tuesday I asked the Minister of State at the Department for Business and Trade,  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , in this Chamber to confirm whether the new fire and rehire code of practice would have prevented this threat from being made.
He could not do so, so I ask this Minister the same question.
And if not, why not and what is the point?
In addition to my earlier answer, I should point out that the P&O case is being investigated by the Insolvency Service, and I await the outcome of that investigation.
The point of the code of practice is to ensure that fire and rehire is very much a last resort.
If employers breach the code, their employees can get up to 25% greater compensation.
The Government have made sure that is the case.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Transport questions, my Department has been getting on with our plans: £143 million for new zero-emission buses; a world-leading sustainable aviation fuel mandate; cutting red tape for small-scale fishing businesses; taking steps to future-proof the £18 billion classic car industry, which supports tens of thousands of skilled jobs; and ensuring that taxpayers can hold local councils to account for how they spend their record funding boost for road resurfacing, made possible by reallocating High Speed 2 funding.
All Labour has been able to offer is an unfunded, incoherent rail nationalisation plan, putting the unions in charge, cutting services for passengers and containing anti-car targets, taking us back to square one.
Given that Tewkesbury is one of the fastest growing areas of the country, does the Secretary of State agree that we need to expand the A46 and junction 9 of the M5, and not reduce its capacity or downgrade it in any way?
If any agency puts plans to him to downgrade the A46 or junction 9, will he reject those plans?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend—and Gloucestershire neighbour—for raising that issue.
He rightly sets out that his constituency is one of the fastest growing.
He is a doughty champion for his constituents and I am sure that any agency thinking of downgrading any of his road network would not dare to do so, for fear of the consequences of having to deal with him on the warpath.