I will certainly go away and write to my hon.
Friend on his specific point, but I reassure him that we are spending over £50 million to improve that particular junction.
If my hon.
Friend has concerns about the scope of the works, I urge him to take them up with TfL, because it is for TfL to develop the full business case.
It is then submitted to the Department for approval, which we hope will happen later this year.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to prevent the use of fire and rehire practices in the transport industry.
The Government recently published a statutory code of practice on dismissal and re-engagement.
The code will address the practice of fire and rehire, aiming to ensure that it is only ever used as a last resort, and that employees are properly consulted and treated fairly.
The TUC has found that since 2020 about 10% of all workers have had to reapply for their job.
And let us remember that in 2020 British Airways tried to sack 36,000 staff through fire and rehire, which was stopped only through strike action—the Government took no action.
In 2021, Go North West in Manchester threatened the same and, again, industrial action stopped it happening—the Government took no action.
In 2022, infamously, P&O Ferries unlawfully sacked 786 staff before replacing them with agency staff—the Government took no action.
I implore the Government to outlaw this practice.
Rather than just bringing in a code of best practice, they should be taking action to protect British workers.
After the P&O incident, in which workers were indeed treated totally unacceptably, we introduced a whole range of measures set out in our nine-point charter, including the Seafarers Wages Act 2023, which will come into force this summer.
We launched the seafarers charter, to which P&O has now committed, which I very much welcome.
The code of practice on dismissal and re-engagement, which will come in before the summer recess, will give workers up to 25% extra compensation if their employers do not abide by it.