The hon.
Member highlights one of the most difficult aspects of this issue: the challenge of getting relevant humanitarian access where it is needed.
Currently, access into Sudan remains highly constrained; Port Sudan is the primary entry point for relief supplies, and onward distribution from there continues to prove challenging.
Movement is limited, but the investment has been made, and of course, through our relationships and all the diplomatic tools that we use, we continue to work on finding ways to support those who are most vulnerable.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Ham (Ms Brown)  on securing this urgent question.
Nearly 100 humanitarian groups in Sudan have warned Elon Musk that he risks collectively punishing millions of Sudanese by shutting down his vital Starlink satellite internet service in that war-ravaged country.
Have the Government have raised our concerns about the devastation that that would cause to civilians and humanitarian aid agencies?
We will absolutely be raising the challenge of having those communication lines open.
There are real concerns, and I will happily take this up with the Deputy Foreign Secretary when he gets back.
Those of us who have constituents of Sudanese origin can relate to the Minister the distress and concern in that community.
There is particular concern about the fact that—I think this is now the estimate—anything between 500,000 and 1 million refugees are going from Darfur into Chad.
Could the Minister explain what support we are providing for those who are in Chad, because at the moment it looks as though the agencies that are there are unable to cope?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point.
I can update him that the Deputy Foreign Secretary has recently been to the Chad-Sudan border to see for himself exactly the flow that the right hon.
Gentleman identifies.
He saw the   “sheer horror” and “misery”—his words, not mine—that these appalling acts have created, and he is very focused on ensuring that we use our humanitarian aid to think about how we can provide support across every part of this terrible situation.
I intend no disrespect to the Minister, but the Government’s response just does not seem to be as robust as it could be given the severity of the situation in Sudan, which is horrific.
She will have read reports in The Guardian about children—alive children—being “piled up and shot” by RSF paramilitaries in El Geneina.
What mechanisms are the Government considering to prevent this genocide from spreading to El Fasher?
As the hon.
Gentleman highlights, this is an appalling situation.
I have just highlighted, in relation to the Deputy Foreign Secretary’s visit, the sheer horror and misery being wrought on these innocent people across the area, which is absolutely beyond words.
As I say, there are now very clear signs of ethnic cleansing and appalling humanitarian abuses.
We are providing support for the gathering of evidence, and we will continue to try to support those gathering information on the ground —be they NGOs or civilians—to make sure that those who are committing the atrocities will be held to account.
As I understand it, previous regional efforts to agree on the deployment of a peace- keeping force in Sudan were rebuffed last year, but I find it incredibly hard to see how ever-escalating atrocity and indeed catastrophe can be avoided without one.
Is that even on the agenda now, because otherwise it seems to me we are talking here not so much about atrocity prevention as about atrocity monitoring?
As I say, we have continued to raise this at recent meetings of the UN Security Council, and decisions on how to move forward to provide protection for innocent people will be taken with international partners.
With thousands of women being killed in this war, the catastrophic humanitarian crisis particularly impacting women and the fact that women comprise over 70% of the internally displaced people in Sudan, what measures are the Government taking to protect women in El Fasher?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point about an incredibly worrying situation.
Women and girls are at particular risk of a significant escalation in gender-based violence.
In July last year, the UK and 15 of other members of the international alliance on preventing sexual violence in conflict published a statement urging all parties to prevent violence, particularly sexual violence, and to ensure immediate humanitarian access.
This issue continues to be at the front of the Deputy Foreign Secretary’s mind and of the minds of all of our team, and we have pivoted our bilateral programme delivery to ensure that women and girls are at the heart of the support we are providing.