Is it the case that train operating companies stand ready to invest significantly to improve passenger journeys, but a disincentive is the break clause in current contracts?
Ahead of wider reforms that the Transport Committee is scrutinising at the moment, may I urge the Minister to review those break clause arrangements and incentivise that investment now?
This is the folly of Labour’s nationalisation plan, because the best performing operator in terms of punctuality is Greater Anglia, and that one has the option that is coming up.
The Labour party, if it makes it into government, would take away the contract from the operator that has the best performance, showing that it is all about dogma and not about best common sense.
I firmly believe that where operators can deliver more for passengers, and indeed for their workforce, by having more certainty, there is certainly a case to be made for looking at those contract terms and giving them longer.
My hon.
Friend knows that after decades of closure, Kenilworth station has been reopened by a Conservative Government and a Conservative county council.
However, the reliability, indeed the variety of services through that station, would be significantly improved by double tracking the line between Leamington and Coventry.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for the time he has already given me on this issue, but will my hon.
Friend do all he can to bring about that improvement, which will benefit not just my constituents, but also provide connectivity options that the northern leg of High Speed 2 no longer will?
My right hon.
and learned Friend has been a champion of that project, and as he mentioned he met the Secretary of State to discuss it.
HS2 is making provision for the project to occur should funding be available, and the new local transport fund makes funds available for those parts where HS2 would previously have been delivered.
There is now a great opportunity for my right hon.
and learned Friend’s transport authority to fund the project that he has championed for so long.