Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  20 May  will include: Monday 20 May —General debate on Ukraine.
Tuesday 21
May —Consideration of Lords message on the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill, followed by a motion to approve the draft Scotland Act 1998
(Increase of Borrowing Limits) Order 2024, followed by a motion relating to the High Speed Rail (Crewe – Manchester) Bill.
Wednesday 22
May —Motion to approve the draft Counter-Terrorism and Security Act 2015 (Risk of Being Drawn into Terrorism)
(Revised Guidance) Regulations 2024, followed by a motion to approve the draft Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA European Football Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2024, followed by consideration in Committee and remaining stages of the Holocaust Memorial Bill.
Thursday 23
May —General debate on UK arms exports to Israel, followed by a general debate on potholes and highway maintenance.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Whitsun recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 23 May  and return on  Monday 3 June .
The provisional business for the week commencing  3 June  includes: Monday 3 June —General debate, subject to be confirmed.
Tuesday 4 June —Remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill (day 2).
Wednesday 5 June —Opposition day (6th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition —subject to be announced.
Thursday 6 June —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 7 June —Private Members’ Bills.
May I join Mr Speaker in thanking the Speaker’s Chaplain, the Rev. Canon Patricia Hillas, for all her wise counsel and support through some difficult and celebratory moments in her time as Chaplain?
We all wish her well on her elevation.
I also congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stafford (Theo Clarke)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  on their cross-party parliamentary inquiry into birth trauma this week.
All of us who have gone through childbirth can recognise their stories and findings, although I did have good experiences with mine.
I fully support their calls for a national birth strategy.
I also thank all those Members who took part in the debate on risk-based exclusions on Monday.
We had a good discussion.
The House has now taken the view that a process of risk assessment for Members under arrest for serious sexual and violent offences shall be put in place.
Since Monday, I have been struck by how many women, in less privileged or powerful positions than mine, have approached me to say thank you, and how that decision has changed how they feel about  working here.
It might not always feel like it, but there is a watching audience wanting to see us, as a workplace and as employers, make progress on those issues.
This week we did.
Last week, the Leader of the House and I launched a guide for MPs and candidates on tackling conspiracy theories.
We agreed that conspiracy theories are a form of radicalisation, and we must all do everything we can to combat them.
Is she therefore as disappointed as I am to see  the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield)  sharing in campaign literature a conspiracy theory featured in that guide relating to 15-minute cities, which is closely linked to antisemitism and far-right movements?
Just last week, the hon.
Lady gave a staunch defence of her actions, showing no contrition for the damage she has caused.
Will the Leader of the House send her a copy of the guide, and tell her why she has made a big mistake and why she should quickly and strongly renounce it?
Does the Leader of the House think it is acceptable to Members that on the evening before the first day of the remaining stages of the Criminal Justice Bill, Members did not know which or what amendments were to be debated?
This is an important Bill with a number of significant Back-Bench and Government proposals on issues of wide public concern, such as cuckooing, dangerous cycling, ninja swords, abortion, and one-punch manslaughter.
The Bill came out of Committee in January.
Why has it taken so long to get to Report?
Having taken so long, why were Members left completely in the dark about what would be discussed and when?
With more than 180 pages of amendments, including 22 new Government changes published very late the night before, that is no way to run business and it is deeply disrespectful to Members.
It is just another symptom of the chaos at the heart of this Government’s operation and the disregard they hold for this House, and that is just day one of our consideration of the Bill.
Why is there such a further delay to day two?
We should be doing it next week, not in another three.
Extended drinking hours for the Euros are welcome, but that does not need to be considered on the Floor of the House.
Is that because the Government have more handling concerns and they are worried about defeats on the Criminal Justice Bill, or is it because, even during the Euros, they could not organise a booze-up in a brewery?
Will the Leader of the House assure the House that any further amendments or programming changes for day two will be published in good time?
The future business is yet again so light that it is almost laughable, but it is actually not that funny.
The country faces huge headwinds.
Families are in a cost of living crisis, millions linger on NHS waiting lists and communities are beset by problems, yet the Government of the day seem to have nothing they want to change, nothing they are in a hurry to sort out and nothing to bring to this House.
These could, we hope, be the last few months that the Conservatives are in power for some years.
Do they really have nothing they want to do with it?
If they have nothing that they want to use their parliamentary majority for, why are they even bothering to hold on to it?
I assume that the hon.
Lady will have informed the Member whom she referred to that she was going to do so?
I did.
Excellent.
First, may I send my good wishes for a full and speedy recovery to Prime Minister Fico following the horrific attempt on his life?
I echo the comments from the hon.
Lady regarding the Speaker’s Chaplain and wish her well on her next chapter.
I thank Mr Speaker for his statement this morning, which was very helpful.
I also thank Anthony Wickins and his colleagues for coming to Parliament this week to promote and help us all understand the importance of dementia support in this important week.
I join the hon.
Lady in thanking not just the two lead Members, but all Members who helped to bring forward the important report on birth trauma, which has had a huge response across the country.
I know that not just the Prime Minister and Ministers on the Front Bench, but many organisations concerned with the care of mums-to-be and new mums are taking this report seriously.
I hope it will do much good on this important matter.
The hon.
Lady mentioned my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , and I am sorry that she made those comments and implied that my hon.
Friend has antisemitic views.
That is quite wrong, and I am afraid it is a pattern of behaviour of inciting unpleasant things.
We have seen it this week following Monday’s vote, which has led to the statement that Mr Speaker had to make.
I am pleased that we brought that motion forward, with the work that the Commission did and that we now have a scheme in place.
I am sorry that all Members did not have an opportunity to vote on that final motion, and I am sorry that one result of the debate is that our environment has become less safe for certain Members—ironically, female Members of Parliament —following some of the actions since that debate.
The hon.
Lady talks about the Criminal Justice Bill.
She will understand that it is normal for the Government to talk to people proposing amendments before a Bill comes back, but that does not mean work is not being done on the Bill.
The Bill deals with complex issues, and Members will of course be given a good opportunity to have oversight on any amendments or changes being brought forward.
The hon.
Lady talks about business being light.
I just remind her that in this short final Session of this Parliament, we have already introduced more Bills than Labour’s last four Sessions in office by a considerable margin.
If business collapses, it is not the fault of those on the Government Benches, but those who are here to oppose.
We have even had that happen in Opposition day debates.
It is our business, and we are getting it through the House.
If it takes less time because the Opposition fail to show up, that is not our problem.
Today, we have had the Leader of the Opposition setting out his first steps, but he has already been on quite a journey.
He got on at Islington North with a flexible principles ticket.
He claims that he is taking his party and us to Dover and Deal, but it is becoming clear that, due to industrial action, fewer trains under a Labour Government and running out of other people’s money, he will have to join a rail replacement bus service terminating at Rayners Lane.
I hope for the sake of those at Dover waiting on a promise of a train that will never arrive that there is a compensation scheme in place—perhaps a daily allowance in the other place.
I do not think that the public, who have long memories, will fall for the stunt going on in parallel to business questions.
They have long memories and can look at what is happening in Labour-run Wales.
They will not fall for today’s pledge card.
Economic stability?
The author of the “there is no money” note still sits on Labour’s Benches.