Car insurance costs have increased by 80% since the Secretary of State came into office.
If he is intent on ending the war on motorists, what has he done about it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for advance notice of the question—she wrote to me this morning.
I will say a few things.
First, she will know that the insurance industry is the responsibility of the Treasury, but it is an important issue for drivers, so I am happy to deal with it.
I read her letter with great care, and I notice that it contains no plan and not a single proposal to deal with the cost of insurance.
Whereas this week the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman) , chaired a roundtable with Treasury Ministers and the industry to look at these important issues, which are also in evidence across Europe.
Secondly, having read the letter carefully, I notice that the hon.
Lady takes a pop at postcode pricing, which is about pricing according to risk.
It seems to me that she is proposing—I am sure she cannot really mean this—to put up insurance costs across the country to reflect the Mayor of London’s failure to grip crime in inner London.
Remember that we are now in topical questions, folks.
Given that the Secretary of State had advance notice of my question, I am afraid that his answer shows how out of touch with reality he has become.
Car insurance is not a luxury but a legal requirement, and it is completely unaffordable for millions of drivers.
There has been a £219 increase in the average premium in two years.
Instead of parroting conspiracy theories about 15-minute cities, why does he not do his job, take action, demand action from regulators, call in the Competition and Markets Authority, and act on soaring insurance premiums?
I will say a couple of things.
First, the hon.
Lady called for action.
My hon.
Friend the roads Minister has already been meeting the industry and Treasury Ministers, who are responsible for the industry regulator, so we are already doing that.
As I said, this is an issue not just in the UK but elsewhere.
Secondly, as I said, the hon.
Lady said in her letter that she was looking at outlawing the ability for insurers to price according to risk in local areas.
I am sure that hon.
Members noticed that she has not denied that, so they will know that she is proposing for people across the country to face higher costs to reflect the higher crime that we see in inner London, where her Labour Mayor has failed to get a grip.
Will the Rail Minister join me in campaigning to save Brandon station, which is a beautiful listed building that has been out of use for years?
Greater Anglia, to its credit, is trying to find a solution to ensure that that beautiful building can be put back into use.
Will he join me in that campaign and, if his diary allows, join me on 14 June, when we have a public meeting to drive that forward?
I will do everything I can.
It is a beautiful example of railway architecture and it must be saved, so I applaud my right hon.
Friend’s work.
I recently had a conference for leaders in rail, at which I talked to all the train operators and Network Rail about bringing these  beautiful buildings back to life for the community.
I have met that team as well and will do everything I can to help him.
It is now exactly four months since the Avanti management were caught laughing at the Government —they are not on their own.
They were laughing because they see the performance payments that the Government hand out to them as free money and a joke.
When will the Secretary of State take the smile off the faces of the appalling Avanti management by finishing their contract?
When that incident occurred, the Secretary of State and I made it clear to the teams at Avanti and FirstGroup that that was not acceptable, and their senior management agreed.
It was crass and it was wrong.
We often talk about Avanti’s performance.
The overtime agreement had been withdrawn by ASLEF, which caused the start of the difficulties, but it has since been put back in place.
When I looked at the data for the first week of May, there were pretty much 0% cancellations from Avanti induced incidents.
Matters are getting better and, where they are better, we should applaud the staff.
The condition of local roads is the No. 1 concern raised with me by Aylesbury residents, whether that is potholes, congestion caused by countless utility works, or simply not enough roads to cope with all the new houses that have been built.
Will my hon.
Friend reassure local residents that it is under this Conservative Government and our excellent local Conservative council that Aylesbury’s roads will improve for my long-suffering constituents?
I recently met the council leader, Martin Tett, who is doing a fantastic job, aided by record investment by this Government of £8.3 billion for road resurfacing and our street works consultation, which will crack down on utility organisations and ensure that they work much faster and much better.
We are also giving extra funding on an ongoing basis.
Every day that Hammersmith bridge remains closed is a reminder that this Government cannot be trusted to fix even the most basic problems.
Do the Conservative Government have any intention of keeping the promise they made in 2019 and fixing Hammersmith bridge?
The bridge is owned by the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham, which is not a Conservative borough, so I will correct the record there.
There are two phases of work: stabilisation to ensure permanent access for pedestrians, cyclists and river traffic—despite not being the owner, the Government have put money into that—and strengthening.
We will do everything we can to work with the owners of the bridge to make that happen.
Junction 10A on the A14 is a crucial piece of future roads infrastructure to support Kettering’s housing expansion.
Should North Northamptonshire Council  approve the relevant planning application this coming Monday, will my hon.
Friend the roads Minister reconfirm his commitment to give the proper direction this project needs to proceed at pace, to visit the site with me and to arrange for me to meet with National Highways to ensure progress?
Yes, yes
and yes.
Blackpool is experiencing the scourge of unlicensed taxis in our treasured seaside resort.
Uber and similar companies, which have no operating licence in Blackpool, are allowing passengers to use their unlicensed taxis uninsured, creating a real public safety risk.
These unlicensed taxis are parking in local ranks illegally, taking fares from our hard-working, rule-abiding Blackpool taxi drivers.
What is the Minister doing to tackle these unlicensed drivers, and will he meet me to discuss this issue in my constituency?
May I first welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place?
He is a worthy winner and I am delighted to see him in the House.
I wish him good fortune.
The Government have published updated taxi and private hire vehicle best practice guidance for licensing authorities in England.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman in detail and set out the particular points, and then we will see whether a meeting is required thereafter.
In Horsham we have a significant problem with car racing on specific stretches of road.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is a role for speed cameras in deterring those activities and the real risks they represent?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising the important matter of road safety.
He is right that there is a role for speed cameras.
Decisions for enforcing speed limits are for the police and local agencies.
I know he has raised the issue with them.
I hope our exchange today will continue to put pressure on them, that the campaign he is running to ensure safer roads for his constituents is successful, and that the police take note.