I promised my right hon.
Friend from this Dispatch Box that the project would be delivered, and I continue to give him that assurance.
I am sorry that there have been those delays.
This week, I spoke to the team at some length about the station.
My right hon.
Friend knows that I will visit him at the station, and I will have some more concrete news for him then.
How reliable are the key performance indicators that the train operators are quoting, which the Rail Minister mentioned earlier?
The Disability News Service reports that train companies are sending unreliable statistics from freelance mystery shoppers who pretend to be disabled and give overly positive feedback about the experience of disabled passengers.
Does he share my concern about that, and what can he do about it?
Data from mystery shoppers, as the hon.
Gentleman calls them, cannot be used unless those individuals have the disabilities that they claim to, but there are wider mystery shopping experiences that are undertaken.
I will happily write to him—in fact, I will meet him, seeing as he is such a great man—and take him through the steps that are taken into account.
I also thank him very much for doing what he always does, which is raising that matter with me last night, so that we could discuss it in advance.
The reopening of Aldridge train station will finally give my constituents the railway service that they badly need and deserve.
I wish to place on record my thanks to the Minister’s Department, the Government, former Mayor Andy Street and the West Midlands Combined Authority for their support in securing funding for the project through the city region sustainable transport settlement.
Will my hon.
Friend help me to continue to nudge Network Rail and others to progress this to completion in 2027?
Yes.
It is a brilliant £30 million project, with 40 car parking spaces, which my right hon.
Friend has been instrumental in making happen.
I will,  I hope, meet the new Mayor, whom I congratulate, to ensure that he delivers the project for 2027, as the fantastic Andy Street promised.
More people are killed by cows and lightning than by dangerous cyclists, whereas around five people a day are killed on our roads by motor vehicles—a level that has flatlined under this Government.
When will the Transport Secretary publish the long-overdue strategic framework for road safety?