Optus Bank of Columbia, South

Carolina was recently awarded the Minority Business Development Agency

(MBDA) 2023 Robert J. Brown Minority Business Enterprise of the Year

Award.
Their steadfast support of businesses in distressed areas has

uplifted communities and the lives of many.
To recognize the important role of entrepreneurs and institutions in

advancing minority-owned businesses, the Minority Business Development

Agency at the United States Department of Commerce established Minority

Enterprise Development Week in 1983.
Since then, the Department of

Commerce has commenced numerous awards to celebrate the outstanding

achievements of minority entrepreneurs.
The Robert J. Brown Minority

Business Enterprise Award recognizes companies that have exceeded

industry standards and achieved phenomenal financial success while

showing a commitment to social responsibility and strong community

involvement.
The award is among the highest levels of recognition that

a U.S. minority business enterprise can receive from the U.S.

Department of Commerce.
Optus Bank was selected because of its commitment to closing the

racial wealth gap, exacerbated by systemic disparities in the financial

industry.
Following in the footsteps of Victory Savings Bank, the first

Black-owned bank in South Carolina, Optus is committed to providing

access to capital to individuals and businesses excluded from the

banking system.
By turning deposits from community members into loans

that serve local businesses, Optus provides funding for enterprises

that may not be approved for traditional loans.
Their unique community

driven mission has allowed them to achieve great success while helping

scores of minority-owned enterprises succeed in South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in

celebrating Optus Bank and their unwavering commitment to serving

communities and people in need.
Their actions should serve as an

example to other organizations dedicated to positively impacting the

communities they operate in.
South Carolina is more prosperous because

of the efforts of Optus Bank and I wish them continued success.