Title: ALL VETERANS HONOR GUARD; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
175

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ALL VETERANS HONOR GUARD

HON.
KEN BUCK

Mr. BUCK.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor the All

Veterans Honor Guard, who provide the final Military Honors at Fort

Logan National Cemetery in Colorado.
Only those who have served in the

U.S. Armed Forces are permitted to provide such services but in 1993,

the U.S. Military ceased to perform these final rites for deceased

veterans.
That's why approximately 100 Colorado veterans formed the All

Veterans Honor Guard in 1994 to carry on this sacred duty for their

late comrades in arms.
Aside from a small stipend from the state of

Colorado, the organization receives no additional funding or

compensation to maintain and repair the World War II-era weapons or to

purchase uniforms for their volunteers.
During their first year, the All Veterans Honor Guard provided

Military Honors for 63 veterans at Ft.
Logan National Cemetery--and

since 1994, they have stood as the Honor Guard for over 23,400 military

funerals; with Chief Master Sergeant Retired Morris Smith serving as

the backbone for over two decades.
But as time has gone on, the number

away.
The number of volunteers, however, has diminished.
In 2021, the

All Veterans Honor Guard had less than 80 veteran volunteers, who

provided the final honors for 1,554 veterans.
Despite these challenges, the Honor Guard remains as dedicated to

serving their late brothers and sisters in their afterlife as they were

in serving alongside them in life.
That is why, Mr. Speaker Pro

Tempore, on behalf of the 4th Congressional District of Colorado, it is

a distinct privilege to recognize and commemorate the tireless efforts

of the All Veterans Honor Guard over the past 29 years.
Our country is

blessed to have such heroes who care enough to honor their comrades as

they are laid to rest.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING COOK COUNTY BOARD'S ``MEDICAL DEBT RELIEF INITIATIVE''

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I wish to recognize the

transformative ``Medical Debt Relief Initiative'' in Cook County,

Illinois which has successfully abolished $281,338,840 of medical debt

for Cook County residents.
I applaud the tireless efforts of Cook

County Board President Toni Preckwinkle and the Cook County Board to

provide much needed relief to 158,541 residents.
This innovative

program, in partnership with the national nonprofit ``RIP Medical

Debt,'' reallocated $12 million in American Rescue Plan Act funds to

provide invaluable relief to Cook County families, many of whom are

living paycheck to paycheck.
Medical debt continues to be a crisis in our country.
According to

``RIP Medical Debt,'' every day, 1 in 2 Americans must choose between

paying medical bills and covering their basic needs.
This is

unacceptable.
Thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, more Americans

have health insurance coverage now than ever before, but despite these

historic strides, costs remain a barrier to accessing high-quality

healthcare.
Low and moderate-income American households continue to

accrue medical debt and continue to be harmed by its financial and

mental effects.
During a time of rising costs, Congress must do its part to assist

working families.
We must seek bipartisan solutions to reform our

healthcare system because no one should be punished for becoming sick

or receiving medical care.
While we seek bipartisan policy solutions,

partnerships across all levels of government should continue to

facilitate medical debt relief.
This relief, such as the ``Medical Debt

Relief Initiative'' in Cook County, Illinois, has the power to give

economic mobility to working families and boost our economy.
Mr.

Speaker Pro Tempore, I extend immense gratitude to the Cook County

Board, under the direction of Cook County President Toni Preckwinkle,

for being a model for other jurisdictions across the country.
I

continue to seek opportunities to advance commonsense models like this

one to address the medical debt crisis.