Alice Jackson is a trailblazer in the energy sector, shining as Xcel

Energy's Senior Vice President of System Strategy and Chief Planning

Officer.
Her leadership in this male-dominated field has been

transformative.
With a decade of contributions, Alice has redefined the

standards of excellence in executive leadership.
Her success story is

not just inspiring but a testament to her resilience, making her an

inspiration for aspiring professionals in the industry.
From saving lives during a mass shooting to Emmy winning inspiration,

this year's recipients have made a lasting impact on those around them

and in our community.
It is leaders like these women who will allow us

to achieve a more prosperous and inclusive future and I congratulate

them all on being recognized as ``Women Who Soar.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CARLA SCRUGGS' 32+ YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE CITY OF SALINE

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

Carla Scruggs, the Director of Parks and Recreation for the City of

Saline, on the occasion of her retirement.
Her contributions to the

health and wellness of the Saline community over the last three decades

are worthy of commendation.
Born and raised in Ann Arbor, MI, Carla graduated from Pioneer High

School before attending Central Michigan University, where she spent

four years on the softball team.
After earning both her bachelor's and

master's degrees, she set out on a career in public service throughout

Southeastern Michigan.
In 1988, Carla began at the City of Hazel Park

as a graduate intern specializing in senior programming and youth and

adult sports.
She then went to Novi, where she took on the position of

Recreation Coordinator for the city's Parks and Recreation Department.
In 1991, Carla was brought on as the Director of Parks and Recreation

for the City of Saline, where she has been serving ever since.
Carla's tenure at the head of the Saline Parks and Recreation

Department has seen countless improvements to Saline's green spaces.
These include, but are certainly not limited to, the Recreate Our Mill

Pond Park play structure, multiple dog parks, and the creation of Salt

Springs Park.
As well as being the Director, Carla also acts as the

Staff Liaison to the Parks Commission and the Youth Council.
She has

been an active member for the Michigan Recreation and Parks Association

for the entirety of her tenure and is currently the Chair of their

Awards Committee.
In her free time, Carla volunteers every year for the

Punt Pass & Kick State Competition, Saline's DARE golf outing, the PPSA

golf outing, and the University of Michigan Softball Academy to raise

awareness for breast cancer.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask my colleagues to join me today in

celebrating the 32+ years of public service that Carla Scruggs has been

kind enough to dedicate her life to.
She has given our children spaces

to play, our dogs spaces to run, and altogether has made Saline a

warmer and more welcoming place to live.
Though we are sad to see her

go, the families of Saline will be feeling her positive influence for

decades to come.
I thank Carla.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
FRED LUTHER HAYNES

HON.
DAVID G. VALADAO

Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor the life

of Dr. Fred Luther Haynes, who passed away on September 2, 2023, and to

thank him for his more than 40 years of dedicated service to the

Bakersfield City School District.
Dr. Haynes was born in Clarksville,

Oklahoma to Harvey Haynes and Mable Haynes-Harvey.
He was the eldest of

five sons.
At an early age, his mother instilled in him the value of

education, which inspired him to become an educator.
He attended

college at Langston University in Oklahoma, where he received his

bachelor of science degree in education.