As a man that understood the value of community

and neighborhoods, he would plant flowers each year for Buffalo's

annual Garden Walk.
Robert did not simply hope that someone would take

steps to beautify the West Side of Buffalo; he did it.
Whether it

result from confrontation of absentee landlords or fixing the

electrical issues of his neighbors, there was no limit to the level of

love that Robert displayed for the City of Buffalo.
Of course, Robert enjoyed many other activities, as well.
He loved to

camp, go to concerts and weddings, and (in typical Buffalo fashion)

watch his beloved Bills and Sabres.
He spent time with his many dogs,

sought to make each year's Garden Walk better than the last, and served

as a dedicated member of the Democratic Committee.
Survived by his husband, Bobby Graber, and countless loving family

members, Robert's sudden passing will undoubtedly be difficult to

endure.
Nevertheless, to all of those who knew and loved Robert, his

legacy will remain.
Robert served as a model citizen in so many ways,

and our community will forever be a better place because of him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF MRS.
CINDY CASTELLO

HON.
BARRY LOUDERMILK

Mr. LOUDERMILK.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

Mrs. Cindy Castello for the vital role she has played in the

development of Cherokee County, Georgia as a stronghold of conservative

values.
Cindy and her husband, Pete, have been friends of my family for many

years.
We have witnessed her character and dedication to our shared

cause in all of her numerous roles as a community servant.
As a

dedicated leader, Cindy has been instrumental in recruiting and

developing many community activists to become public servants and run

for public office.
She has utilized her extensive network of

relationships and years of experience within the Georgia Republican

Party, the 11th Congressional District, and the Cherokee County

Republican Party to lay a foundation which will impact Cherokee County

for years to come.
She has devoted countless hours volunteering her time, talents, and

energy to serve eleven years on the Zoning Board of Appeals; and,

during her eighteen years of service on the Tax Equalization Board, she

played a vital role for Cherokee County in steering the future of the

county by applying commonsense conservative values.
In her thirty-three years of dedicated service on the Cherokee County

Board of Elections, Cindy has helped to set a standard of excellence,

and helped develop the Board into one of Georgia's finest and most

innovative entities.
She has provided invaluable support and has been instrumental in the

development of the Cherokee County Republican Party for the past forty

years.
She exemplifies the very best of public service and is truly an

inspiration to so many.
It is abundantly fitting and proper that

Cindy's dedication to the cause of faith, family, and freedom be

appropriately recognized in the U.S. House of Representatives.
On behalf of the citizens of Cherokee County, Georgia's 11th

Congressional District, and myself and my family, I offer my sincere

appreciation to Mrs. Cindy Castello for her decades of faithful public

service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO OPTUS BANK

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to pay tribute to

a distinguished South Carolina bank for its unwavering commitment to

advancing minority-owned businesses.
Optus Bank of Columbia, South

Carolina was recently awarded the Minority Business Development Agency

(MBDA) 2023 Robert J. Brown Minority Business Enterprise of the Year

Award.
Their steadfast support of businesses in distressed areas has

uplifted communities and the lives of many.
To recognize the important role of entrepreneurs and institutions in

advancing minority-owned businesses, the Minority Business Development

Agency at the United States Department of Commerce established Minority

Enterprise Development Week in 1983.