This relief, such as the ``Medical Debt

Relief Initiative'' in Cook County, Illinois, has the power to give

economic mobility to working families and boost our economy.
Mr.

Speaker Pro Tempore, I extend immense gratitude to the Cook County

Board, under the direction of Cook County President Toni Preckwinkle,

for being a model for other jurisdictions across the country.
I

continue to seek opportunities to advance commonsense models like this

one to address the medical debt crisis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING MARK PELLETIER ON BEING NAMED YOUNG PROFESSIONAL OF THE

YEAR

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today in recognition of

Mark Pelletier, a New Hampshire resident who was recently named the

2023 Young Professional of the Year by the Cooperative Credit Union

Association.
The Cooperative Credit Union Association annual awards

recognize individuals across Delaware, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and

New Hampshire that make the extra effort to empower their coworkers,

company, and community.
As the Young Professional of the Year, Mark has

been recognized for his experience, enthusiasm, and strong work ethic

at St. Mary's Bank in Manchester.
A senior data analyst lead for St. Mary's, Mark was nominated by the

credit union's leadership team and employees because of his inclusive

leadership style, his skills in devising data-driven solutions, and his

extensive volunteer record.
For the past two years, Mark has served as

Chairperson of St. Mary's Young Professionals Group.
In this role, Mark

has taken to guiding, influencing, and supporting other young

professionals.
Mark's time as leader of this Group is a testament to

his talent and passion for promoting young business leaders across New

Hampshire.
Outside of the office, Mark has committed himself to addressing the

needs of his community.
In his free time, Mark volunteers with

organizations such as Families in Transition and Habitat for Humanity.
Dedicated to empowering young leaders and committed to supporting the

local community, Mark has enriched the lives of all those around him.
I look forward to seeing all that Mark accomplishes in the years to

come, and I am confident that he will continue to serve as a guide for

all those looking to make a difference at their workplace and in their

community.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First

Congressional District, I applaud Mark for his commendable leadership

and wish him continued success in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF SAMANTHA WOLL

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr, Speaker Pro Tempore, it is with profound grief that

I pay tribute to the life of a passionate advocate, a dedicated former

Congressional staff member, an organizer, and a true believer in

interfaith dialogue, Samantha Woll.
Sam had a brilliant mind, a

generous spirit, and was a true light in the community.
While we do not

yet know the circumstances of her death, we do know how she lived, so

today I ask that we remember the profound impact she had on her

community, our state, and the Nation in her short time on this earth.
Sam worked for me from nearly the moment I became a Congresswoman--

helping us set up the Lansing office in 2019 and helping to lead it for

my full first term as Team Slotkin's Deputy District Director.
Like

everyone who met her, I was immediately struck by her kindness, her

sharp mind, and her ever-present smile.
Though she was young, Sam came

to our team already well-established, having worked for multiple

members of the state legislature, as well as many different causes

close to her heart.
She would go on to work for Michigan Attorney

General Dana Nessel and State Senator Stephanie Chang, among others.
I was also struck by her profound faith; not just her personal faith

in Judaism, but her profound faith in humanity.