Though she was young, Sam came

to our team already well-established, having worked for multiple

members of the state legislature, as well as many different causes

close to her heart.
She would go on to work for Michigan Attorney

General Dana Nessel and State Senator Stephanie Chang, among others.
I was also struck by her profound faith; not just her personal faith

in Judaism, but her profound faith in humanity.
Sam dedicated her time

on my staff, and truly her entire life, to building understanding and

bridges between people, and bringing light in the face of darkness.
She

helped establish our first interfaith roundtable and continued that

work when she left our office, serving as president of the Isaac Agree

Synagogue in Detroit where she was known for her outreach and dialogue

with her Muslim and Christian neighbors.
As the Detroit Jewish News

noted in naming her one of the ``36 Under 36'' influential young people

in the Jewish community, ``By extending her hand and creating space for

connection between Muslims and Jews, she has exemplified the values of

healing the world.''
She also played a vital role in the revitalization

of Detroit, including the renovation and reopening of her historic

synagogue just a few months ago.
It is deeply painful that we have lost

someone so dedicated to healing, and connecting so many people, no

matter their background, to such a destructive act.
Sam's senseless death has left a hole not just in our hearts but in

the fabric of our community.
She was a beacon of light and I ask that

as we grieve her loss, we recommit ourselves to the principles by which

she lived.
Sam firmly believed in the power of government to do good:

to lift people out of poverty, to give a voice to the voiceless, and to

bring justice and equality to all.
She was deeply committed to the idea

that what united us as Americans and Michiganders was much more

important than the ways some try to divide us.
I send my deepest

condolences to all who knew and loved her.
May her memory be a blessing

forever in our hearts.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NORTHWEST DOUGLAS COUNTY CHAMBER & ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION--

``WOMEN WHO SOAR''

HON.
KEN BUCK

Mr. BUCK.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, it is my honor today to recognize

the accomplishments of three outstanding women.
Ashley Ferris, Yvette

Marquez-Sharpnack and Alice Jackson who will be honored by the

Northwest Douglas County Chamber & Economic Development Corporation as

``Women Who Soar.''
Ashley Ferris, a law enforcement officer, left an indelible mark in

Denver from 2018 to 2023.
Even before her tenure as a dedicated law

enforcement officer, her background as a United States Army

Intelligence Analyst and project manager showcased her remarkable

skills.
Ashley's heroic efforts were exemplified during the critical incident

on December 27, 2021,

where she confronted and took down the Lakewood, CO mass shooter,

despite sustaining injuries herself.
This act of bravery earned her

accolades, including the Law Enforcement Officer of the Year 2022 by

the National Police Hall of Fame and the Valor Award.
Her unwavering

determination and resilience, even in the face of adversity, make her

an inspiration.
Yvette Marquez-Sharpnack, a celebrated cookbook author and Emmy

Award-winning creator and chef, blends her Texan roots into culinary

masterpieces.
Drawing inspiration from her grandmother's Mexican

traditions and her mother's home-style dishes, she crafts delectable

creations showcased on MuyBuenoBlog.com.
Besides her blog, Yvette,

based in Colorado, is a sought-after brand ambassador and recipe

developer, engaging her audience on social media.
Alice Jackson is a trailblazer in the energy sector, shining as Xcel

Energy's Senior Vice President of System Strategy and Chief Planning

Officer.
Her leadership in this male-dominated field has been

transformative.
With a decade of contributions, Alice has redefined the

standards of excellence in executive leadership.