Instead, we will continue to

use every tool at our disposal to push for a free, democratic Cambodia.
I am a proud co-lead of the Cambodian Democracy and Human Rights Act

(H.R. 4659), legislation that promotes free and fair elections,

democracy, political freedoms, and human rights in Cambodia by applying

sanctions on Cambodian officials who denigrate those rights.
I look

forward to working with my colleagues in the Cambodian Caucus to pass

this bill and with the Biden Administration to ensure that these

sanctions are imposed effectively.
Passing the Cambodian Democracy and Human Rights Act will help ensure

that the principles of the Paris Peace Agreement are upheld and that

Cambodians can move closer to achieving the self-determination and

dignity they deserve.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF 100 YEARS OF THE BETTER BUSINESS

BUREAU OF UPSTATE NEW YORK

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I am honored

to recognize the Better Business Bureau of Upstate New York as they

celebrate a century of dedicated service to our community.
Headquartered in Amherst, NY, this organization, and their staff have

undoubtedly had a lasting impact on countless constituents in Western

New York.
Founded in 1923, the reach and growth of this chapter of the Better

Business Bureau is nothing short of impressive.
The eighth largest

Better Business Bureau, it serves 6 million people across 48 counties

in New York State.
Due to their unwavering enthusiasm, BBB of Upstate

New York closes 15,000 complaints annually while posting over 10,000

reviews.
Throughout their long history, millions of service-oriented

tasks have been completed in the name of consumer education and

standards enforcement.
Their mission is simple: provide consumers with

resources to not only avoid dishonest business practices but offer

remedies for those who have been wronged.
Very importantly, all levels

of government rely on BBB of Upstate New York to front-end this

education of consumers.
Federal, state, and local law enforcement have

also been able to begin investigations (and ultimately prosecutions) of

bad faith actors in our local marketplace.
That type of responsibility

is only given because the Better Business Bureau of Upstate New York

has proven to be an honest broker for consumers.
Trust is at the very core of business, and it is only due to

organizations like the Better Business Bureau of Upstate New York that

consumers can approach matters with confidence.
I applaud their century

of work to better our community, and I wish them continued expansion

and prosperity in aiding the men and women of our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF ROBERT H. LIPP

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I am honored

to recognize the life of a quintessential West Side of Buffalo

resident, Robert Lipp.
Often referred to as ``The Mayor of Fifteenth

Street,'' Robert left an indelible mark on a community that will be

mourning his loss for a long time to come.
Born in 1965, Robert graduated from Maryvale High School in

Cheektowaga, and Bryant & Stratton College in Buffalo, where he

obtained a degree in Electronic Technology.
A longtime employee with

the New York State Thruway Authority, an on-the-job accident meant that

Robert entered retirement earlier than he had planned.
Instead of

approaching this situation with negativity, Robert began to dive into

some of his passions.
As a man that understood the value of community

and neighborhoods, he would plant flowers each year for Buffalo's

annual Garden Walk.
Robert did not simply hope that someone would take

steps to beautify the West Side of Buffalo; he did it.
Whether it

result from confrontation of absentee landlords or fixing the

electrical issues of his neighbors, there was no limit to the level of

love that Robert displayed for the City of Buffalo.