He was the eldest of

five sons.
At an early age, his mother instilled in him the value of

education, which inspired him to become an educator.
He attended

college at Langston University in Oklahoma, where he received his

bachelor of science degree in education.
Dr. Haynes pursued his post-

graduate studies at Fisk University in Tennessee, where he obtained his

master's degree in education.
Over the course of his career, he earned

additional credentials and teaching certificates at the California

State University of Fresno and Bakersfield, Florida Agricultural and

Mechanical University, and Dillard University.
In 1977, Dr. Haynes

attended Brigham Young University, where he received a doctorate in

education.
In 1951, Dr. Haynes married Marcy Alice Williams in Tulsa, where they

would start their family of eight children.
Ten years later, he moved

his family to Bakersfield, California, where he began his extensive

teaching career in the Bakersfield City School District (BCSD).
Dr.

Haynes was first a teacher at Colonel Baker School before becoming the

school's Assistant Principal.
He later moved to the district office,

where he worked as a Resource Teacher and became BCSD's first African

American district-wide supervisor.
During his time as supervisor, Dr.

Haynes was focused on parental involvement, even creating the Parent

Involvement and Community Relation Division to strengthen the

relationship between students, parents, and teachers at BCSD.
For 26

years, Dr. Haynes served as Principal across multiple BCSD elementary

schools and at Emerson Jr. High School.
Throughout his tenure as

Principal, Dr. Haynes was dedicated to the achievement of all students

and was instrumental in district-wide changes that supported

underrepresented students.
In 1996, the Dr. Fred Haynes Award was established to honor the

leadership, strength, and courage displayed by Dr. Haynes over the

course of his career.
Each year, the award is given to male students in

the district who exhibit the qualities of Dr. Haynes in their academic

pursuits.
In 2016, Dr. Haynes was inducted into the BCSD's Hall of

Fame, to honor him for his 40 years of exceptional service to the

district.
After his retirement, Dr. Haynes became a Board Member for

BCSD, a position he held until 2020.
As a member of the board, he

continued to advocate for the well-being and success of students in the

district.
Outside of the classroom, Dr. Haynes was passionate about the lives

of members of the community.
He was the author of African American

Women Trailblazer, which celebrates the sacrifices and achievements of

African American women in Kern County.
He received several awards to

honor his service, including awards from the NAACP, Boy Scouts of

America, and the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask all my colleagues in the House of

Representatives to join me in honoring the incredible life of Dr. Fred

Luther Haynes.
Dr. Haynes' lifetime of service as an educator in the

Central Valley will be felt for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SHAKOPEE BREWHALL AS ONE OF AMERICA'S TOP SMALL BUSINESSES

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to congratulate

Shakopee Brewhall--Taproom & Coffeehouse as the Midwest regional

finalist for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce's America's Top Small

Business Award.
Shakopee Brewhall was selected as one of seven finalists out of a

total of over 15,000 small business applicants for the annual Top Small

Business Award.
At its inception in 2018, the brewhall operated

modestly with a nine-member team, opening its doors for just 41 hours

across five days each week.
During that time, the team focused on

brewing and, as demand grew, distributing its unique beers.
Today, they

employ 27 workers, with over half of the original staff still remaining

on the team and have grown their customer base and expanded their

offerings to include morning coffee and espresso over 86 hours every

week.