Some 30,000 people dead; 70,000 injured; 1.5 million sheltering in Rafah; 300,000 living in feral conditions in northern Gaza; and, of course, 100 hostages still tragically held by Hamas.
The horror of those numbers demands that this House have its say, just as it shows that this House should demand an immediate ceasefire.
President Biden has indicated that the ceasefire may take place from Monday.
Does the Prime Minister share his confidence?
We have consistently called for an immediate humanitarian pause, which would allow for the safe release of hostages—including British nationals—and more aid to Gaza.
We welcome progress on a deal.
As the hon.
Gentleman said, there has been progress, and we urge everyone on all sides to seize the opportunity.
I have been clear that we must seize the momentum from this terrible tragedy to find a lasting resolution to this conflict that delivers on the promise of a two-state solution, and ensures that Israelis and Palestinians can live in dignity and security.
We are approaching five months since this conflict began.
In that time, this House has equivocated and, on three occasions at the United Nations, this Government have abstained when they could have voted for a ceasefire.
Abstentionism is not leadership.
Should this matter now come before the United Nations, with a ceasefire potentially in sight, will the Prime Minister use his Government’s vote to deliver that ceasefire?
We support the United States’ draft resolution that was discussed with colleagues at the United Nations last week.
But just calling for an immediate, full ceasefire now, which collapses back into fighting within days or weeks and does not include the release of hostages, including British ones, is not in anyone’s interests.
We must work towards a permanent ceasefire.
That starts with an immediate humanitarian pause, to get aid in and hostages out.
I agree about the suffering of the people in Gaza; in this country we should be proud of everything we are doing to help them and to provide them with the lifesaving aid they deserve.
I am sure that we are all proud of our open Government, the availability of information and our open data, but with machine learning and artificial intelligence becoming more prevalent, does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to look at licensing this information where it is to be used for commercial gain and to inform intelligence that will disrupt society and our economy?
I join my hon.
Friend in his passion for AI.
Like him, I am proud of our record at the forefront of the AI revolution, having created one of the world’s first AI safety institutes, established the “State of AI” report and hosted the world’s first ever global AI safety summit.
I will ensure that he meets the relevant Minister to discuss his proposals to ensure that we can harness the opportunities of AI and protect ourselves against the risk that it poses.
Plaid Cymru has signed Full Fact’s pledge for an honest general election campaign.
One of Full Fact’s four asks is to renounce deceptive campaigning tactics.
There is evidence of egregious, misleading campaigning in Wales and elsewhere by the Conservatives in recent weeks.
We all have a responsibility to campaign honestly, because the alternative is to be complicit in dismantling democracy.
Therefore, will the Prime Minister sign Full Fact’s pledge for an honest election?
I was pleased to be in Wales just last week, and these are the facts on the ground: the Labour-run Welsh NHS is performing the worst in the  United Kingdom; small Welsh businesses, including pubs and restaurants, are facing a crippling rise in their business rates; and Welsh farmers are being decimated by the plans of the Welsh Labour Government.
Those are the facts in Wales and we will continue to point them out at every opportunity.
There are 4,000 patients in Carshalton and Wallington facing uncertainty after landlords pulled out of discussions the day before their GP practice’s lease expired and then issued notice that it was trespassing.
The local integrated care board has issued a very weak statement, and the local Liberal Democrat-run council is refusing to meet the practice and me.
Those 4,000 patients are now unsure whether they will have a surgery to go to.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that when such decisions are taken by landlords, there is appropriate infrastructure in place to support NHS patients before they are cast out to try to find somewhere else to go?
As my hon.
Friend will know, GP leases are commercial agreements between landlords and tenants, but he is right that everything that can be done should be done to ensure that GP surgeries do not have to close.
That is why, in March last year, we commissioned a review into legislation governing these leases.
The review will create a new framework that will make leasing to tenants, such as GP surgeries and other groups, easier and more accessible.
But I know that his local residents will want this to be sorted as soon as possible, in order to take advantage of the extra appointments that we are creating so that people can get access to the primary care they need.
One of the few good things to come out of Wednesday’s stramash last week was that the House united around a call for an immediate ceasefire.
Now, I welcome that—that is progress.
The Prime Minister was just given an opportunity by my hon.
Friend the Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn) to commit to the UK’s representatives in the United Nations and elsewhere articulating that position of this House.
If they are not going to do that, what will he say to those of us who say this place really is just a sick pantomime?
As I outlined previously, it is not right to call for an immediate ceasefire that would collapse instantly into more fighting and not do anything to get more aid into Gaza to alleviate the suffering that people are experiencing, or to make sure that we can safely remove hostages, including British hostages.
That has been our consistent position.
We have been calling for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire which will provide the conditions for a lasting and sustainable peace, but just calling for something that will collapse back into fighting is not in anyone’s interests.
All our diplomatic efforts, at the United Nations and elsewhere, are targeted at bringing that about.
I am pleased that in recent days progress has been made.
We should keep pressure on all parties to come to a resolution.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my enthusiasm about Monday’s announcement of 27 new potential bathing water sites across the country, including three in Shropshire: two   on the River Severn at Ironbridge and Shrewsbury, and one on the River Teme at Ludlow?
How will those very welcome designations improve the quality of rivers in Shropshire and in the other areas under consideration?
On Monday we launched a consultation on the largest ever roll-out of new bathing water sites: 27 potential new bathing waters in England, including an extra one on the River Teme in Ludlow  in my right hon.
Friend’s constituency.
He is right  that substantial improvements have been made in  recent years.
Almost 90% of designated bathing waters in England now meet the higher standards of good or excellent, up from just 76% in 2010; all part of our plan for water which, alongside those on the Conservative Benches voting for the strictest storm overflow targets and plans for unlimited penalties for polluting water companies, was opposed by the Labour party.
The parent of a two-year-old in the UK is currently spending more than £14,000 a year on a full-time nursery place.
Last year the Prime Minister promised parents that in April 2024 there would be a new free childcare offer.
With only a month to go, parents do not know whether they can access that offer, because of staff shortages and the lack of childcare spaces.
Will the parents to whom the Prime Minister made that promise be able to accept the offer that he talked about last year, or is this another example of a broken Tory promise?
We are delivering on what we said, which is 30 hours of free childcare a week for working parents of children from when they are nine months old until they start school.
That is the largest ever expansion of childcare in our country’s history.
Perhaps the hon.
Lady might want to have a conversation with her Welsh Labour colleagues, who were given the funding to deliver childcare expansion in Wales, and what have they done?
They have pocketed the money instead of matching our plans to support parents in England.
The notorious crossroads between Ulley Lane and Treeton Lane, just outside Aughton in my constituency, is just one of several major road safety and highway issues that have been ignored for decades by Labour-controlled Rotherham Council.
I will be presenting a petition to this place telling the council to end this chaotic mismanagement, but may I also ask for the Prime Minister’s support in urging both the Labour council and the Labour Mayor to listen to residents and get the junction sorted—to stop the huge tailbacks, save lives, get Rother Valley moving, and end this war against cars in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and he is right to champion his constituents in this way.
When Labour runs things, it does just run them badly.
He can be assured that we have provided Rotherham Council with three quarters of a million pounds for safety improvements to local roads, and we are continuing to provide for his constituents with a further £1 billion allocated to his local area in the second round of the city region sustainable transport settlement.
Because of the decision that we made on HS2, communities, towns and cities across the north and the midlands will receive billions of pounds for transport projects that will make a difference to him and his constituents far quicker than anything else that was planned.
Another 80 victims of the contaminated blood scandal have died since Sir Brian Langstaff made his final recommendations on compensation to the Government in April 2023, which was 321 days ago.
Will the Prime Minister join the families who are lobbying Members of Parliament here today to explain why his Government have failed to implement any of those recommendations 11 months on?
I am acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this issue, and the suffering of all those impacted by this dreadful scandal.
We have consistently acknowledged that justice should be delivered.
I gave evidence to the infected blood public inquiry last year, and the Government have accepted the moral case for compensation, which is why on Monday, in the other place, we committed to bringing forward amendments to the Victims and Prisoners Bill at Report stage, with the intention of speeding up the implementation of our response to the inquiry.