The Prime Minister’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , spent last week in America trying to flog her new book.
In search of fame and wealth, she has taken to slagging off—[Interruption.]
They made her Prime Minister, now they cannot bear talking about her.
In search of fame and wealth, she has taken to slagging off and undermining Britain at every opportunity.
She claimed that, as Prime Minister, she was sabotaged by the deep state.
She also remained silent as Tommy Robinson, that right-wing thug, was described as a hero.
Why is the Prime Minister allowing her to stand as a Tory MP at the next election?
I do not believe that a single Member of this House supports Tommy Robinson, but if the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about former leaders and predecessors, the whole country knows his record: he sat there while antisemitism ran rife in his party; and he backed not once but twice a  man who called Hamas “friends”.
To their credit, the shadow Chancellor, the shadow Home Secretary and, indeed, the shadow Foreign Secretary refused to back the former Labour leader, but he did not, because he is spineless, hopeless and utterly shameless.
I have changed my party for the better; the Prime Minister is being changed by his party.
He is letting the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk stand because he is too weak to do anything about it.
It is the story of his leadership.
When the Tories refuse to accept any blame for the ruin of the past 14 years, one wonders who they think has been running the country all this time.
Thankfully, the former Prime Minister is on hand again to help: it turns out that it is all the fault of the media, the corporate world and—bizarrely—the President of the United States.
Winston Churchill once said: “The price of greatness is responsibility.”
Now, the British public are not expecting greatness from this Prime Minister, just a bit of accountability.
Does he not think it would be great if, just for once, the Tories took some responsibility?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about leadership, and about change, but when I learnt of something that I did not agree with, I suspended one of my MPs straightaway.
When he learnt of vile antisemitic remarks made by a Labour candidate, what did he do?
He instructed his team to defend him, he sent a shadow Cabinet Minister to campaign for him, and he personally backed him for days.
That is the difference between us: I act on my principles; he has not got any.
I cannot believe the Prime Minister said that with a straight face.
The former Prime Minister continued on her American odyssey—this journey into the wild west of her mind—and claimed that Nigel Farage is the man to restore the Tory party.
Will the Prime Minister confirm whether he, too, would welcome Mr Farage back into the Tory fold?
In our party, we have a proud tradition of diversity and accepting everyone from every background—indeed, it is a proud record that puts Labour to shame.
This is the party that delivered the first Jewish Prime Minister, the first female Prime Minister, the first black Chancellor and the first Muslim Home Secretary, and it is now led by the first British-Asian Prime Minister.
While it seems that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman can only champion men from north London, it is the Conservatives who represent modern Britain.
So this diverse Tory party does welcome Nigel Farage.
Two months ago, the Prime Minister said that “the Tory party is a broad church.
I welcome lots of people who want to subscribe to our ideals, to our values.”
That is the same Nigel Farage who said he agreed with the basic premise of Enoch Powell’s “Rivers of blood” speech and bemoaned the influence of the Jewish lobby.
Is the Prime Minister simply too scared to stand up to the gaggle of Tory MPs who moonlight as GB News presenters, or does he genuinely think that Nigel Farage shares the ideals and values of the Tory party?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about values, but tomorrow in Rochdale the people will have a choice of three former Labour candidates, two of whom are antisemites.
The truth is, his party is so mired in hate that despite three ex-Labour candidates standing, he cannot back a single one of them.
We expel antisemites—he makes them Labour candidates.
The truth is that these are no longer the Tories your parents voted for, and the public can see it.
The Prime Minister has lost control of his party to the hordes of redcoats and malcontents.
The tin-foil hat brigade on his Benches and the extremists who wrecked the economy are all lining up to undermine him, humiliate him and eventually get rid of him.
When will he ever stand up to them and end the pathetic spectacle of a Tory party that used to try to beat Nigel Farage now giving up and dancing to his tune instead?
That is utterly shameless from someone who stood by while antisemitism ran rife in his party, oversaw the appalling situation in Rochdale and twice backed  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) .
In the last few weeks, we have seen Members of Parliament’s homes surrounded, their events disrupted and council meetings threatened.
Just last week, we saw the very rules that govern this place abused because of intimidation.
While the right hon.
and learned Gentleman might want to bend to mob rule, we will face down the extremists and stand up for British values.
Two years ago last Saturday, Russian forces launched their heinous attack on Ukraine.
The response of the British Government and the British people has been magnificent.
I pay tribute to all those who have done so much, not least in my own constituency of Bracknell, where Ukrainian people have been so warmly welcomed.
We must never bow to tyranny, so could the Prime Minister please assure the House that our support for Ukraine and all our NATO allies will continue to be unwavering?
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking people up and down the country, including the people of Bracknell, for welcoming Ukrainian families into their homes and communities.
During my visit to Ukraine in January I announced a major new package of support, including £2.5 billion of military assistance.
Last week, we announced 50 new sanctions that target individuals and businesses that are sustaining Putin’s illegal war machine.
Our support to Ukraine will never waver.