Finally, I ask him to take on board the words of the predecessor Select Committee, the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee, in February 2022, which said that the best way through this was to remove the Post Office from the system.
Now, it may be too late to do that, but my goodness, was not the Committee right to say that?
Can we find ways to relegate the role of the Post Office, because that is the only way we will get justice for postmasters?
Ultimately, that is what this is about—getting them compensated.
I totally agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, and a number of the points he made.
It is fair to say that on the compensation schemes, we could use the old phrase, “If you were going there, you wouldn’t start from here.”
I think that Sir Wyn Williams has said that, but the best way now is to say, “When you’re going through hell, keep going.”
We have to improve the schemes we have got.
The hon.
Gentleman made an interesting point about the Post Office, and he will have heard what I said earlier.
I think the fixed-sum awards do take the Post Office out of the schemes completely, because no disclosure is required for them.
On tendering resignation—again, I thought it was extraordinary that a chair would disclose confidential and private conversations that he has had with the chief executive.
I have to say for the record that Mr Read has never tendered his resignation to me or to the Secretary of State.
Others would be better than me to comment on the nature of those conversations, but I do not think that it was right for Mr Staunton to comment at all.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that the Secretary of State has given me 100% support in everything I have done in trying to address these matters.
I accept what Neil Hudgell said—I spoke to him afterwards, and we have spoken before about the schemes being over-engineered—and he suggested some ways to try to accelerate compensation.
We are of course looking at those to see what the best way is to ensure that they are not over-engineered, but deliver rapid and fair outcomes as quickly as possible.
My primary interest is in compensation payments being made expeditiously across the entire United Kingdom, and in Northern Ireland in particular, where I have been lobbied directly  by a number of the sub-postmasters who have been treated so vilely.
After the statement of  10 January , I asked whether the Minister would ensure that no delays would be allowed whatever, and he affirmed from the Dispatch Box that that was exactly the Government’s intention.
Will he reaffirm that no delays will be allowed, irrespective of the devolution settlement in Northern Ireland?
No devolved Minister or devolved court was involved at that time.
Will he reaffirm that the payments will be made, and that our sub-postmasters will not have to wait a day longer than anyone else?
I will be very pleased to ensure that that happens.
I met the Northern Ireland Justice Minister virtually a few days ago to discuss these matters.
I know that the Northern Ireland Administration’s preference is for UK-wide legislation; we do not think that is the right approach, but we will continue to work with the Administration to ensure that they can deliver the right legislation or process to make sure that the compensation is paid.
Clearly, once convictions are overturned anywhere in the United Kingdom, people enter exactly the same compensation scheme—they can get rapid compensation through the fixed-sum award of £600,000, or go through the full assessment process.
We are determined to make the process quicker, easier and fairer.
I am happy to work with the hon.
Gentleman to ensure that that is the case.