The Prime Minister has just told my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  that, as a Minister, it is inappropriate for him to comment on the bullying allegations at the Post Office, yet he allows his Business and Trade Secretary to comment freely, loudly and often on Twitter.
Is he content with her activities and behaviour in this respect?
The Business and Trade Secretary set out her position explicitly and clearly in the House last week.
Since then, and despite some of the claims made by the party opposite, the Department’s permanent secretary has completely refuted the claims that were made.
Yesterday, the Post Office’s current CEO and the Department’s director of business resilience also refuted Mr Staunton’s recollection.
Our focus and priority is delivering justice and compensation for those who suffered a historic injustice.
We are introducing legislation to right this wrong, and we will make sure that everyone gets the compensation they deserve.
The £132 million allocated to Cornwall from the shared prosperity fund not only kept our promise to the Cornish people to replace EU funding, but has supported dozens of businesses and funded projects across the duchy.
However, the current round of SPF expires next year, so can the Prime Minister confirm that his Government will continue the shared prosperity funding and will continue to provide the support that the Cornish economy needs?
It was great to visit my hon.
Friend in his constituency the other week to see the delights of Cornwall.
I wish everyone a happy St Piran’s day for next week.
Cornwall has been awarded over £130 million through the UK shared prosperity fund to deliver, I think, a hundred different projects across the county.
Funding is confirmed for this spending review period up to the end of March 2025 but, as with all Government funding, decisions regarding the fund’s future are a matter for the next spending review.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we remain committed to an ambitious levelling-up agenda in Cornwall and across the country.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on what steps are being taken to restore public confidence in the Post Office board and governance following evidence taken at yesterday’s Business and Trade Committee.
I sat there for five hours listening to all the evidence that was given to the Select Committee yesterday.
Several serious allegations have now been made against the Government, my Department and its officials by Henry Staunton.
His most recent revelation is that there is an ongoing HR investigation that involves both him and the Post Office CEO Nick Read.
I have to say as a former chair that I clearly  found that statement to the Select Committee highly unprofessional.
The fact that Nick Read is being investigated is evidence that no one is untouchable and the Post Office culture is changing.
An investigation is of course not evidence that allegations are accurate.
While Nick Read has co-operated fully, Mr Staunton tried to block the investigations looking at his conduct.
It was this action, as well as his attempt to bypass the formal process to appoint a new director to the board, which led the Secretary of State to lose confidence in Mr Staunton.
As was said in the Business and Trade Committee yesterday, board members felt so strongly about Mr Staunton’s conduct that they were going to resign.
It was right that the Government decided to act.
Mr Staunton has now made a series of allegations which we strongly reject.
He is using the Nick Read investigation to divert attention from the issues the Select Committee was discussing about his dismissal.
The allegations made are also proving to be a further distraction from the victims of this injustice.
His central allegation is that the Government told him to slow down compensation payments.
Not a single person backed him up on this claim.
My officials are clear that they have never been instructed to do this.
Post Office executives are clear that such an instruction was never passed on to them.
We have provided a letter from June 2023 from my Department to Mr Staunton telling him the opposite.
His only evidence is a note of a conversation which is clearly about operational financing of the Post Office business; this is entirely different from compensation to sub- postmasters.
The permanent secretary wrote recently to give her truthful account of what happened.
We also released her office’s contemporaneous notes of that meeting.
Mr Staunton alleged that the Secretary of State refused to apologise to him after he learned of his dismissal from Sky News; this was not the case.
He claimed there was pressure on Nick Read to send a letter to the Justice Secretary; this was not the case.
He claimed the Secretary of State told him that someone has got to take the rap for the Horizon scandal and that was the reason for his dismissal; this was not the case.
The Post Office faces unprecedented challenges and needs to work at pace to deliver compensation to the thousands of postmasters who fell victim to a flawed  IT system as well as continue the essential work to implement the necessary operational and cultural changes needed within the business.
As we have repeatedly said, Post Office governance is a priority for the Government; that is why we acted swiftly to remove a chair about whom there were serious concerns and allegations and why we are working at pace to appoint an interim chair.
We of course recognise the seriousness of an investigation into individuals at the Post Office.
I also recognise parliamentary and public concern and the need to ensure there is confidence in the Post Office leadership.
I will therefore ask the Post Office to provide me with the findings of the investigation once it is completed.
However, it is right to wait for this investigation to conclude before making any further judgment.
I am really disappointed that the Secretary of State herself is not here, but I thank the Minister  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  for everything he does for post offices and am happy to work with him going forward.
Prominent Horizon victims are still saying financial redress is far too slow.
Legal representatives of victims said yesterday that redress schemes are not working for victims—too much “lawyering” going on, too much obfuscation.
Lawyers say complete claims might have settled for less than they were entitled to and might need to be revisited.
Neil Hudgell suggested that August deadline target will not be met and the current compensation impasse could continue for another one or two years.
Henry Staunton’s claims persist.
Why has the Prime Minister refused to back up the Secretary of State, refusing to repeat the claim that Staunton lied?
This is the third time we have been here to find out about the circumstances of Mr Staunton’s departure.
The last time the Secretary of State mentioned investigations into Staunton but failed to reveal an 80-page investigation into current CEO Nick Read.
With all we have seen about the Secretary of State’s past assurances being undermined, how can we trust her firm assurances now?
Does the Secretary of State have faith in the Post Office board, which is clearly in total disarray?
There were even claims that the chief executive officer, Nick Read, had threatened to resign over pay.
Victims and the public have lost faith in the Post Office board and governance.
When more than £1.2 billion of public money is being spent on financial redress, the taxpayer ought to have confidence that costs will not be driven up further by mismanagement.
The evidence from yesterday’s Business and Trade Committee shows that the public and victims have no reason to be confident, as incompetence and obfuscation has marred the process until now.
Sub-postmasters say that redress schemes are not working.
Victims agree.
The lawyers say that they are not working and the former chair of the Post Office says that they are not working.
Why should we trust the Government, and what will the Minister do to fix this?
I should say that the Secretary of State is abroad at a World Trade Organisation conference.