The Secretary of State was asked— What his Department’s planned timetable is for when the Independent Commission on Reconciliation and Information Recovery will be operational.
What progress his Department has made on implementing the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
I start by welcoming the return of the devolved institutions to Northern Ireland, following the publication of the “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper earlier this month and the Windsor framework, which was agreed exactly a year ago yesterday.
Let me also take this opportunity to mention that the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission and the Equality Commission for Northern Ireland will celebrate their 25th anniversaries on Friday.
The Government are doing all that we can to support the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery in delivering effectively for victims and families.
Significant progress has been made since the ICRIR was established in December last year, and I expect the commission’s doors to open on  1 May .
In the light of this morning’s High Court ruling, does the Secretary of State still think that after  1 May  the citizens of Northern Ireland should be the only people in the UK denied the right to seek justice for crimes committed during the troubles, through civil cases and inquests?
Mr Justice Colton handed down his judgment at 10.15 this morning.
It is a very complex case.
I am told that the judgment runs to over 200 pages, and I am yet to see it.
It will take some time to consider, but we will consider Mr Justice Colton’s findings very carefully.
We remain committed to implementing the legacy Act.
It is deeply concerning that the Government’s own imposed  1 May  deadline means that inquests will be unable to conclude as they otherwise would.
We have heard reports that there was only one specialist in the Ministry of Defence dealing with these inquiries, and that possibly MOD delays in providing material have caused additional hold-ups.
We really need to understand what the Government are doing to ensure that inquests can conclude by the Government’s self-imposed deadline.
I humbly remind the hon.
Lady that the original deadline, before we tabled amendments to the Act, then a Bill, in the House of Lords, was  1 May 2023 , so there has been an extra year.
The Government continue to assist the Northern Ireland courts in good faith on legacy matters.
There is no question of the Government deliberately seeking to frustrate inquests.
The Act allows a coroner to request a review of a death by the independent commission, led by chief commissioner Sir Declan Morgan, if the inquest has not been concluded via the coronial process by  1 May 2024 .