I declare my interest as a member of the Horizon advisory board.
Welcome back to the Minister.
He should bring in his sleeping bag—he is here that often.
I was at the five-hour marathon yesterday, and I was totally unconvinced by Henry Staunton’s accusations, and his allegations about delaying compensation.
Like  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , I wonder why Mr Staunton was appointed in the first place—to any board, for that matter.
However, to come to the point, Mr Staunton did raise the point that the chief executive is under investigation, following an 80-page report.
I accept that the Minister cannot talk about that individual—that would be wrong—but he knows that the culture at the Post Office is rotten, and it is important that the cloud be lifted quickly.
When the Secretary of State came to the House on  19 February , did she and the Minister know that Nick Read was under investigation?
Is it true that the former HR director who wrote that report has left the Post Office with a settlement, and does that settlement include a non-disclosure agreement?
I am very happy to come to the Dispatch Box any time I am required to, or feel that there is a need to, which, as the right hon.
Gentleman says, is quite often at the moment.
I was aware of the investigation relating to Mr Read and Mr Staunton.
That was not the reason why the Secretary of State decided to part company with the chair; that was about interfering with the investigation.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the HR director.
I do not know about those matters, but I am happy to look into them and come back to him.
I am sure that the Minister will agree that everything we are seeing and hearing about the Post Office inquiry is further undermining the confidence of those who were affected by the Horizon scandal.
As the Minister says, 1,000 more people have come forward; they have no more confidence than anyone else in the governance of the Post Office.
One of them, a constituent of mine, had been with the Post Office for almost 20 years, and was about to be offered redundancy.
She was asked to take over a sub-post office for two months to make up the 20 years.
During those two months, she became embroiled in the Horizon scandal.
She was not charged, because her Post Office managers pleaded on her behalf, but she lost her redundancy, and she is now completely confused about where she stands, and has no faith in the governance to fix the problem.
Is the Minister prepared to meet me to discuss that case, so that I can assure my constituent that it is being dealt with?