My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about Northern Ireland’s most important economic relationship being with Great Britain.
As set out in the Command Paper, the Government are working to establish InterTrade UK, fulfilling our pledge to grow the economy by ensuring that businesses large and small can maximise the full range of east-west trading opportunities.
Implementing the Windsor framework and the Command Paper are, of course, Government priorities, and I am pleased that I am responsible for them.
We will update the House in greater detail at an early opportunity.
The “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper states that “there will be no checks when goods move within the UK internal market system save those conducted by UK authorities as part of a risk-based or intelligence-led approach”.
Regulation 13 of the Windsor Framework (Retail Movement Scheme) Regulations 2023 requires officials to check the ID numbers on the seals of all retail consignments entering Northern Ireland, and break  open 5% to 10% for visual inspection.
Is my right hon.
Friend now able to confirm when, or if, that regulation will be removed?
I am most grateful to my hon.
Friend for his insightful and well-rehearsed question—well-researched question.
[Laughter.]
Perhaps I should not have got that early flight after all, Mr Speaker.
As we set out in the Command Paper, as we transition to the UK internal market system, we will provide clear legal direction to the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs and other UK Government authorities, through our risk management approach, to eliminate any physical checks when goods move within the UK internal market system, except those conducted by UK authorities and required as part of a risk-based or intelligence-led approach to managing the risk of criminality, abuse of the scheme, smuggling and disease risks.
I recognise the importance of my hon.
Friend’s question, and I will update the House on our plans in greater detail at the earliest reasonable opportunity, which I hope and intend will be before we break for the Easter recess.
It is good news that the Executive are back up and running.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that the new Executive take full advantage of all the devolved capability they have, particularly on taxation, to encourage the private sector to grow and thrive in Northern Ireland?
I will certainly give the Executive every support, while of course respecting the devolution settlement.
To give my hon.
Friend one example, the reason I was in Northern Ireland last night with Retail NI was to promote the Department for Business and Trade’s terrific offering in Northern Ireland, which includes a trade and investment hub that covers the UK Export Academy and the export support service.
There are now 16 DBT export champions, which includes in-person support.
If anyone wishes to learn greater detail, I recommend that they go to the great.gov.uk website.
Will the Minister liaise with the relevant Departments in Northern Ireland to maximise the benefits of promoting and developing the only enterprise zone in Northern Ireland, which is in my constituency, as are excellent broadband facilities—the best in these islands?
That way, we can promote our economy, bring inward investment and create prosperity.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a great case for his constituency, and I would certainly like to see terrific levels of investment into it.
However, I would like us to go further: I would like to see that investment zone reach right across the whole of Northern Ireland.
I hope and expect that together, the UK Government and the restored Executive will make the most of that opportunity.
Why do the UK Government think it is good thing for Northern Ireland to have access to parts of the EU single market, but not for other parts of the United Kingdom to have such access, particularly those parts of the United Kingdom that voted to remain in the EU and the single market?
I am most grateful to the hon.
Member for his question, but he will know two things.
First, the word “access” is somewhat contested.
I would encourage him to go and look at the figures for trade between the United Kingdom and the EU, and satisfy himself of the effect of our leaving the European Union.
Secondly, in all seriousness, we should all reflect carefully on the status and circumstances, not only of geography but of history, of Northern Ireland.
It is because of the unique status of Northern Ireland that we have been able to agree unique arrangements, and I do not imagine the European Union would have agreed those unique arrangements for any other territory.