It is right that we constantly seek to improve the speed of compensation and to make sure that it is full and fair and is seen to be so.
One reason that I spent all day listening to the evidence yesterday was to make sure that we are doing everything possible to accelerate compensation.
I heard some interesting conversations in the evidence session, including ideas from Mr Hudgell and others on how we can accelerate compensation, which we are very keen to do.
The hon.
Lady will know that the latest figures were quoted yesterday at the Select Committee hearing.
On the group litigation order scheme, for example, 106 full claims have been submitted, 104 offers have been made, and 80 have been accepted without reference to the independent panel, which would tend to indicate that the offers being made are fair.
The hon.
Lady will also recognise from the announcements that we made on Monday during the statement that we have introduced a £450,000 interim compensation figure for when people submit their full claim for the overturned convictions.
When an offer is made, we will provide 80% of that initial offer to claimants in the GLO scheme.
Interestingly, Henry Staunton seemed to think that the biggest concern with the compensation schemes was around the overturned convictions—he clearly said that yesterday—when the hon.
Lady and every Member of this House knows that we announced legislation on Monday, and previously, that will overturn the convictions en masse, which is unprecedented.
Obviously, that is the key to unlocking compensation.
For all those reasons, we should not take Henry Staunton’s evidence at face value.
Mr Staunton continues to insist that he was told to delay compensation for the postmasters, but at the Select Committee hearing yesterday he said that, unlike his own notes, the published notes of the meeting with Sarah Munby were not contemporaneous.
Can the Minister undertake to provide a contemporaneous note of that conversation to put this accusation to bed once and  for all?