In the week that we heard that more than 250 postmasters whose lives and reputations were damaged by Post Office Ltd died before they could get justice, yesterday we found another layer of Post Office Ltd’s organisational dysfunction.
On  19 February , the Secretary of State informed the House of bullying accusations against Mr Staunton, only for us to find out yesterday that those accusations related to another individual entirely.
Could I first ask the Minister, for whom I have the greatest respect—not just for the manner in which he goes about his business with regard to the Horizon scandal—whether the Secretary of State misled the House by telling Members that Mr Staunton was under wider investigation for bullying?
Secondly, will the Minister now respond positively to requests from the Scottish Government and the Northern Irish Executive to reconsider introducing legislation that could lead to a swift UK-wide exoneration for the postmasters affected?
To be clear, we terminated Mr Staunton’s role as chair of the Post Office not because of bullying accusations.
There was an 80-page report, which he referred to yesterday, and which I have not read.
He freely admitted in yesterday’s evidence session that he was named in that report.
To what extent, I do not—[Interruption.]
Well, that is what Mr Staunton said; he said that it was to a very minor extent.
I do not know that, I do not think the hon.
Gentleman knows that, and I think we should wait for the investigation to conclude before we make a judgment on that.
The point was not about the allegation itself; the point was that, as Mr Staunton admitted yesterday, he interfered with the investigation.
That is unacceptable, and if we had not acted in the way that we did, I think that the hon.
Gentleman and others would be calling us to account for why we did not act when somebody had tried to suspend or interfere with an investigation into his own conduct.
I am aware of the Scottish and Northern Irish Governments’ position on legislation.
Of course we will continue to discuss that with them.
There are some separate devolved issues around the judicial systems in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
That is the reason we have done it differently.
We are happy to continue our dialogue on it.
From my time as a Parliamentary Private Secretary in the Department, I know the determination of the Minister and the Secretary of State to get compensation to these wronged postmasters as quickly as possible.
In yesterday’s Select Committee session, Mr Staunton spoke about  lobbying for a pay rise for Mr Read, which I know must have been quite galling to many of the sub-postmasters.
The Minister reportedly refused to grant that pay rise.
What sort of pay rise did Mr Staunton think would be a fair, equitable agreement at that time?
I think on two occasions Mr Staunton lobbied for a pay increase for Mr Read.
He sought to double the overall package of Mr Read on those occasions.
Yesterday’s Committee meeting was bizarre in many ways.
It was five hours long and, as happens only rarely, the people in front of the inquiry had to swear on the Holy Bible.
That is how bad it was.
The recently dismissed former chairman revealed a number of things that were quite alarming.
First, he revealed that the current chief executive is under investigation.
Perhaps the Minister can explain why we were not aware of that.
Secondly, he revealed that the current chief executive had threatened to resign on more than four occasions, not because of the lack of progress on any financial redress for postmasters and postmistresses, but because he said his wages were too low.
The chief executive also said that he was proud that he had a hardship fund for workers in the Post Office.
Can the Minister clarify whether there has been an approach by anyone on behalf of the current chief executive for a pay rise, and what the response was?
First, may I correct the record?
In response to the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) , I said that the fixed sum award was £650,000; it is £600,000.
It would be wrong to disclose an investigation into somebody’s conduct before that investigation had concluded.
It would be extraordinary to do that in any work context, be it in the public or private sector.
I am happy to have a conversation with  the hon.
Member for Wansbeck (Ian Lavery)  about the hardship fund.
If he is talking about the Post Office paying salaries to postmasters, most postmasters are self-employed, not paid a salary directly, and have a number of different streams of income into their business.
These are businesses in their own right, of course, but there is a hardship fund for certain postmasters in certain situations.
I echo the comments about the Minister and his assiduous work on this issue, both as a Back Bencher and now as the Minister.
Does he agree that perhaps it is necessary to look at how many people are working on the compensation scheme on the Post Office’s side?
I have raised the matter with him before.
A lot of it is expert work, but if anything can be done to build the resource, that would be helpful, particularly for my constituent, whom we have discussed before.
On disciplinary and grievance procedures, is it not normal that they are private until the point when a decision is made?
On the last point, my right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right; he clearly understands these situations very well.
They should of course be kept confidential, which is why it was highly unprofessional of Mr Staunton to say what he said yesterday.
On my right hon.
and learned Friend’s first point—I cannot remember what it was now.
Resource—getting more lawyers in.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that we have the resources available to settle compensation claims quickly.
Certainly, a file note that I took away from yesterday’s session was about the number of individuals looking after compensation from Addleshaw Goddard’s end, although it is turning around the offers increasingly quickly.
Responses to full claims now happen within 40 days in 85% of cases.
There has been an improvement.
We are keen to ensure that every part of the process has the resources it needs to pay the compensation fairly and quickly.
Surely what we saw yesterday was a glimpse of senior management in the Post Office who are now completely dysfunctional.
As such, it is difficult to see how anyone can have confidence in their administration of the various compensation schemes.
Would it not be a sensible first step to restore confidence in that most important national institution—the Post Office—to take all role for them out of the administration of the compensation schemes and appoint an independent commissioner?
Nothing starts to get better for the Post Office until the schemes are successfully delivered and wound up.
I think what we actually heard and saw was a dysfunctional former chair of the Post Office; that is what we saw.
Interestingly, to the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about compensation schemes, the former chair said at one point during his evidence that he had no concerns about the speed of delivery of the HSS—which was extraordinary, because I have many concerns about it.
I hear loud and clear calls from across the House about the role that the Post Office is playing in compensation schemes.
These are sensitive matters, because people in the Post Office are employed to manage and administer the compensation schemes.
I hear the point made by  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  loud and clear.
We are looking at it, but I reassure him that all three schemes have independence in them: an independent panel in the HSS; an independent panel and a reviewer, Sir Ross Cranston, on the GLO scheme; and the independence on the overturned convictions in Sir Gary Hickinbottom.
Both latter people are retired High Court judges, which should give claimants and the right hon.
Gentleman, I hope, some confidence that the schemes will operate properly.
My hon.
Friend the Minister has referred to Mr Staunton, who it seems had serious character defects.
How was he ever appointed in the first place, and who provided the character references and oversaw that appointment process?
May we have an inquiry into that?
Thankfully, not me.
I have nothing against Mr Staunton personally.
He had a strong track record as the chair of various large organisations, as  he said yesterday.
I think we would all agree that the Post Office is a specific organisation with specific challenges.
Yesterday’s evidence from Ben Tidswell, the senior independent director, was interesting.
He felt that Mr Staunton’s behaviour changed in November last year and became far more “erratic”—his word.
I do  not know the reasons for that specifically, although   Mr Tidswell suggested some yesterday.
Whatever the reason, Mr Staunton’s recent conduct is not consistent with remaining chair of the Post Office.
That is why we decided to act.