What we saw yesterday was unedifying and, at points, a fiasco.
Sub-postmasters watching will have rightly been dismayed and will have felt that, if anything, they were moving further away from justice.
The ongoing conflict at the top of the Post Office and the failure of the  Government to get a grip is helping no one and is only further eroding trust in this process.
The Secretary of State should reflect on how her approach to the news of recent weeks has only exacerbated that.
We, and especially victims, have all had enough of the “He said, she said”.
Does the Minister now recognise that the best way to end this is by fully clarifying what the Government have or have not said, through an independent Cabinet Office investigation?
May I also pick up on some very worrying evidence given yesterday by Carl Creswell, the director of business resilience in the Department for Business and Trade?
When talking about the financial provisions set aside for Horizon compensation, he said: “I personally think we will end up spending more money on compensation overall than that £1 billion figure, which was modelled at an earlier stage.”
That is incredibly serious.
Does the Minister share that view held by one of his senior civil servants?
If so, what conversations has he had with Government colleagues and will we see that reflected in next week’s Budget?
Will the Minister clarify whether he or the Secretary of State were aware that Nick Read was also under investigation, as was allegedly stated in the 80-page document referred to by Henry Staunton in yesterday’s Select Committee hearing?
In response to me during an urgent question on  29 January , the Minister said that Henry Staunton’s sacking was not due to a falling out, but that it was “about very serious governance issues related to the person who headed the board of the organisation, which are obviously confidential human resources issues.”—[Official
Report,  29 January 2024 ; Vol. 744, c. 612.]
Will the Minister confirm whether he had sight of the confidential human resources report referred to in yesterday’s Select Committee hearing?
If so, why was he selective in his update to the House?
Finally, it is very important to make sure that we restore trust, by urgently bringing forward legislation.
I hope that, unlike yesterday’s unseemly events, our focus can return to making sure that we exonerate the sub-postmasters and deliver the recompense that they rightly deserve.
When the hon.
Lady says that I was “selective” about what I said, is she accusing me of being economical with the truth?
If so, I would take exception to that.
It would be absolutely wrong for anybody in this House to disclose information about an investigation that has not concluded and where the presumption of innocence must apply for the individuals concerned.
If she thinks I should come to this House to talk about those kind of sensitive, confidential matters, she does not understand how the corporate world works.
rose— I will not give way, as I am answering the hon.
Lady’s question.
This is not a debate.
I did find what happened yesterday unedifying, but that was about one person; everybody else who gave evidence yesterday was clear that there was no sense ever of trying to slow down compensation.
Neither do I think the hon.
Lady is right to say that postmasters are further away from getting compensation;  it is quite the opposite.
To imply that and so raise questions about the compensation scheme could lead to people not coming forward.
We welcome the fact that 1,000 more people have come forward since the ITV series.
People are closer to compensation, not further away, and the actions we are taking, through the compensation advisory board, the overturning of convictions, the Horizon shortfall scheme, which is nearly completed, and the GLO scheme are all moving on.
If she wants to end the, “He said, she said”, perhaps she should end it, because we want to move on and pay compensation.
As for the figure of £1 billion, is the hon.
Lady saying it is serious if we have no cap on compensation?
I do not think that is serious at all; of course we have no cap on compensation.
The £1 billion is a maximum budget, but if that needs to be increased, it should be.
If she is saying that we should not increase it if people deserve more, she should put that on the record.
It would be an entirely irresponsible thing to do.
Every time I have dealt with this matter over the Dispatch Box with shadow Ministers, it has been constructive and collaborative, and I resent the tone she has taken in this case.
Let me say, in fairness to the Minister, that he has come here on more occasions than anybody else I have known.
He has absolutely ensured that the House has been kept informed—he goes without question on this.
I commend the Minister, not only for the consistent and compassionate approach he has taken to this matter, but for his attendance at yesterday’s session.
It lasted for five hours and he was there for the greater part of it.
He is right to say that much of what we heard yesterday was a real distraction from the key objective of the Government and the Committee of making sure there is speedy compensation for our postmasters.
It was clear that the former chairman and possibly the chief executive exhibited limitations in their roles and were perhaps unsuitable for the roles to which they were appointed, so are there any broader lessons we might deduce on how we go about recruitment for publicly owned organisations such as the Post Office?