The AUKUS programme is not just a national endeavour designed to keep our nation safe; it is also an international partnership that speaks about our ambitious work across the globe to pursue security and contain threats.
I want to personally thank the Prime Minister for his engagement with the Team Barrow initiative, which is bringing together senior civil servants, my council, BAE Systems and myself to drive this programme forward to make sure we can deliver those boats to time and to budget.
That means improving and investing in the local area considerably.
With that in mind, may I invite the Prime Minister to Barrow to meet not just the fantastic people building the boats of the future but to see how the programme is going to uplift Furness for the future?
At a time of great instability around the world, with the war in Ukraine and in the Red sea, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that AUKUS is a game-changing defence and security partnership that will keep us safe and create thousands of jobs in the UK shipyards and the supply chain, building on the investment in places such as Barrow and Derby.
He is a fantastic champion of what this industry means in his area, and the Team Barrow partnership is a crucial component of ensuring that AUKUS is a success.
That is why the Chancellor provided millions of pounds of funding for a delivery board for Barrow.
We have recently discussed this at Cabinet and I look forward to visiting my hon.
Friend and his community to see the progress for myself when my diary allows.
Last weekend, the Prime Minister posed for photographs with a group that shares extremist conspiracy theories on climate change and campaigns against net zero.
Does he share their views?
That is no way to talk about the Welsh farming community.
My integrated care board tells me that only £2 million of the £120 million of capital that it receives annually is for primary care, which seems an unfairly  small amount for our amazing family doctors and practice nurses who are, after all, the front door of  the NHS.
Can our local general practitioners have a greater share?