I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he does representing his constituents.
He  is right about the pressures that are faced, particularly  in rural areas, which is why the Government provided £600 million of additional funding for local government across the country, ensuring an increase of around 7.5% in resources available to invest in social care, but also an extra addition to the rural services delivery grant—an acknowledgement of the challenges of providing services in rural areas—with more funding for those rural councils to deliver.
My constituent Lee Haywood in Dalmarnock is on a communal heat network and has seen both his standing charges and his energy bills absolutely soar.
The heat network market framework was introduced in 2021, but the Minister in the Lords said in a letter last week that his “ambition” is that price regulation will only start in spring 2026.
Is it this Government’s incompetence or Ofgem’s lack of powers that is letting down constituents who cannot afford to put on their heating this winter?
As the hon.
Lady will know, standing charges are a matter for the independent regulator, Ofgem, which is currently looking at all those things as part of a consultation.
More generally, it is this Government who are providing considerable support to families across the country, including in Scotland, with their energy bills.
I am sure she will join me in welcoming the recent announcement about the fall in energy bills, bringing them back to levels that we have not seen in a long time, on top of the cost of living support that the Chancellor has provided so that everyone in our country gets the help that they need.
Werrington Fields is a much-loved open space cherished by local residents and used by the nearby school as playing fields.
Shockingly, Peterborough City Council proposed to fence off almost the entire area, rejecting a compromise that most residents and the school were happy with.
Bizarrely, the local council seeks to blame the Secretary of State for Education, myself and even the Prime Minister.
Will my right hon.
Friend get behind my campaign to save Werrington Fields and make it clear—right here, right now—that this is a matter entirely for the local authority?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for championing his constituents on this matter.
As he knows, last year the Education Secretary rightly rejected Peterborough City Council’s application to change the playing field land at Ken Stimson Community School from educational land to public open space.
That decision ensured that children will have access to the open space that they deserve, but I am told by the Department that the council can provide for some of that land to be fenced and that the Department would be comfortable with that, provided that the overall site remains educational land.
That is something that I know he wants to see, and the Department is ready to work with him to ensure that happens.
After yesterday’s revelation that Nick Read, the Post Office CEO, is under investigation following an 80-page report written by the former head of HR at the Post Office, do the Prime Minister and the Business Secretary have confidence in Nick Read’s leadership at the Post Office?
It would clearly be inappropriate for me to comment on an investigation before it has been completed.
Our focus remains working closely with the Post Office to ensure that it delivers justice for postmasters caught up in this historic scandal, which is why we will imminently bring forward the legislation that we promised.
A few years ago, there was a proposal to build nearly 7,000 houses in a beautiful part of my constituency near the villages of Castor and Ailsworth, against the wishes of local residents.
I worked with the local community, and together we were able to stop the development.
However, efforts are now being made to include this land in a revised Peterborough local plan.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is very important that the voice of the local community is heard and that it is unacceptable that developments can take place in  this circuitous way, especially when other, more  suitable land is available in and around the city of Peterborough?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important issue, and he is right to say that the local community should always have their voice heard.
It is important that councils bring forward local plans, but this must be done in close consultation with local communities, because their voices matter.
As I understand it, the Peterborough local plan is still under preparation and there are opportunities to provide comments on the draft plan, so I commend him for continuing to support his local community to ensure that their voice is heard.