The Government’s legacy Act is opposed by victims groups, all the political parties in Northern Ireland, the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission and others.
This morning, the Belfast High Court found that the Act’s immunity provisions are not compliant with articles 2 and 3 of the European convention on human rights.
Given that immunity has always been presented as the central foundation of the legacy Act, what do Ministers intend to do about the judgment, and how can the commission become operational when one of its central powers has just been struck down?
As I say, this is a very complex case.
The judgment runs to over 200 pages, which were first being reported on less than 90 minutes ago, so it will take some time to consider, but we remain committed to implementing the legacy Act, including delivering the ICRIR.
Recognising that the issues raised in today’s judgment will take some time to be conclusively determined by the higher courts—assuming that the Government appeal—does the Secretary of State agree that it would be quite wrong to close the door on inquests and civil cases from  1 May ?
That will deny citizens in Northern Ireland rights that citizens in the rest of the UK take for granted.
Will he therefore extend the deadline, not least to ensure that inquests that would otherwise be stopped on  1 May  can continue, so that a decision can be reached?
The right hon.
Gentleman is quite right that this is a complex case that is likely to head to further action in the higher courts, but I want to consider the judgment carefully, look at all 200 pages, and take the legal advice that he would expect me to take in such circumstances.
We remain committed to implementing the legacy Act, including delivering the ICRIR.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to safeguard Northern Ireland’s place in the Union.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to safeguard Northern Ireland’s place in the Union.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to safeguard Northern Ireland’s place in the Union.
The Government are fully committed to protecting and upholding Northern Ireland’s place in the Union, a commitment we reaffirmed recently in the Command Paper “Safeguarding the Union”.
That included proposals for new measures in domestic legislation to protect unfettered access to the UK internal market, and to affirm Northern Ireland’s constitutional position as set out in the Belfast/Good Friday agreement.
This Government are convinced that that is the best way we can safeguard Northern Ireland’s place in the United Kingdom.
What action has my right hon.
Friend taken to ensure that no new regulatory borders between Great Britain and Northern Ireland can emerge from future agreements with the European Union?
We have ended the presumption of automatic alignment with EU law by making it clear that the very narrow set of goods rules that apply in Northern Ireland are subject to the democratic oversight of Stormont, including the Stormont brake.
Once the brake is triggered for a rule, or where an entirely new rule is brought forward, it will be for the UK to determine at the Joint Ministerial Committee whether that provision should apply in Northern Ireland.
Here again, the Government have established the protections available through statute.
We believe that there are very strong reasons for saying that we have ended the presumption of automatic alignment.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend and the Minister of State on their very impressive achievement in restoring the Northern Ireland Executive.
Does the Secretary of State agree that good cross-border transport links are vital to safeguarding all parts of our Union?
In my border constituency of Clwyd South, Iusb think of the electrification of the north Wales main line, which links to north-west England, and improved road links, such as the proposed Pant-Llanymynech bypass between Wales and north Shropshire.
I have to congratulate my hon.
Friend on making some excellent constituency points as well as highlighting the importance of good transport links across our Union.
The need for those links was recognised in the “Safeguarding the Union” Command Paper, and more recently, earlier this week, when we talked about the reinvestment of money that would have been spent on the northern sections of High Speed 2 into ensuring good connections across our country.
Those connections include the A75, which is a vital connection between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
The Union is strongest when people can see and feel its benefits to their daily life.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that a prosperous Northern Ireland, with a stable, devolved Government, is the surest way to safeguard the Union’s integral place in the United Kingdom?