Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the life of Ralph White.
Born on October 25, 1931, to parents Ralph and Victoria White, Ralph was raised in East Boston and Westwood, Massachusetts.
After graduating from Boston Trade High School in 1950, Ralph joined the U.S. Marine Corps and bravely served our country.
While serving in Korea with the First Marine Division as a rifleman, Ralph was wounded in action defending his post.
For his bravery, Ralph was awarded a Bronze Star and the Purple Heart.
Once Ralph recovered, he returned to the U.S. and married the love of his life, Geraldine ``Geri'' in Kingsland, Georgia, on November 4, 1952.
He first met Geri in high school after she moved down the street from Ralph and his family in 1946.
Ralph was still enlisted when they married and the couple spent their first few years of marriage living along the East Coast on several military bases before settling in Walpole, Massachusetts, in 1956.
Together in Walpole, Ralph and Geri raised their four children-- Susan, Nancy, Lori, and William--and Ralph quickly established himself as a pillar of the community.
He was commander of the Thomas H. Crowley American Legion Post 104, and as an avid baseball fan, Ralph coached Post 104's baseball team for nearly six decades in addition to coaching Walpole High School's baseball team for several years.
To celebrate Ralph's contributions to the Walpole community, the town dedicated the sport complex at Bird Middle School in his honor in 2015.
Following his service with the U.S. Marine Corps, Ralph began working as a corrections officer at Boston's Charles Street Jail.
Ralph then worked at the Walpole State Prison before becoming a state parole officer.
After he was shot on the job and survived life-threatening injuries, Ralph, along with several other retired state employees, founded Mass Retirees in 1968, and Ralph served as the association's president until 2013.
Throughout his 45 years as president, Ralph played a crucial role in advancing many of the laws that protect and support public retirees in Massachusetts, including the cost-of-living adjustment.
Several decades ago, with Ralph leading the charge, Mass Retirees successfully petitioned the Commonwealth to change its laws to allow all retired public employees to receive a regular and cumulative cost-of-living adjustment.
Today, Mass Retirees continues to advocate for key issues affecting Massachusetts retirees, such as public pensions and health insurance.
Ralph was pivotal in growing the association into the critical resource that it now serves as for its 52,000 members.
In addition to his work with Mass Retirees, Ralph served as an elected member on the State Retirement Board for many years and was a founding member of the Commonwealth's Pension Reserves Investment Management (PRIM) Board, which he served on for two decades.
Sadly, we lost Ralph too soon on January 26, 2024, at the age of 92.
Whether it be his service with the U.S. Marine Corps, his years coaching youth baseball, or his nearly six decades of work on behalf of retirees, Ralph leaves behind an extraordinary legacy as a tireless advocate and mentor to many.