Mr. TURNER.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating 
Mrs. Mary Jane Berghoff Whalen, a resident of my Congressional District in Kettering, Ohio, who will celebrate her 100th birthday on June 1, 2024.
Ginny was an only child, born and raised on a farm in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
She was homeschooled through eighth grade, before graduating from Central Catholic High School in Fort Wayne, and attended Rollins College in Winter Park, Florida.
Ginny met a native Daytonian, Herbert E. Whalen, Jr., and they were married on June 29, 1946.
They established a home in Kettering, and raised four children.
She is currently the proud grandmother of nine grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren.
During their sixty years of marriage, Ginny and Herb served as role models and civic leaders in their community.
As dedicated parishioners.
Albert the Great Catholic Church in Kettering, Ginny and Herb worked together to renovate and expand their spiritual home.
They served on the committee that enlarged the church from a one-room building in the 1940s, to the thriving community that currently serves over two thousand families.
Ginny has remained a faithful member of the church for over 70 years.
In the 1970s and 80s, Ginny and her husband worked diligently to save the Oregon District, one of Dayton's oldest historic neighborhoods, from demolition.
She worked with the city to facilitate the renovation of two houses and four apartments, and continues to support the historic preservation efforts of the Oregon Historic District Society.
From an early age, Ginny adopted the motto: ``To give back to others.''
The generous amounts of time and energy she has contributed to a variety of volunteer and civic organizations serve as an example for all of us.
Ginny remained active and involved in her community throughout her nineties, and has indulged in a variety of hobbies and personal interests that include: reading, playing the drums (which she still loves to do), harmonica, tennis, horseback riding, and participating in her local theater group ``Hamlets.''
I am proud to join Ginny's family and friends in celebrating her long and extraordinary life.
I wish her a very happy birthday, and in the years to come may God bless her with continued good health and happiness.