Mr. RESCHENTHALER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life and legacy of Allen Q. Jones, who celebrates his 100th birthday on April 11, 2024.
Allen was born in Uniontown, Pennsylvania, and attended Uniontown High School during the early years of World War II, receiving a draft notice shortly before graduation.
In 1943, Allen departed for training with the U.S. Army's 717th Tank Battalion.
The following year brought him through Forts Chaffee, Knox, and Meade before leaving for Europe aboard the S.S. Cristobal on Christmas Eve, 1944.
Corporal Allen Jones and the 717th Tank Battalion crossed the River Rhine in the spring of 1945 and remained in Germany until the end of the war.
Once he returned to the United States, he attended Waynesburg College and joined the Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW) Post 21 in Connellsville, Pennsylvania.
Allen stayed active in the VFW for over 70 years, winning leadership elections at the local and national levels.
He began his tenure as Fayette County Commander but soon rose to the rank of District 23 Commander.
Allen's peers elected him Pennsylvania State Commander in 1986, where his work ethic earned national acclaim.
He served on the VFW National Home's Board of Trustees for two years before winning the Board President election in 1995.
Allen gained further distinction at the 1999 VFW National Convention when the delegates appointed him to the National Council.
His leadership tenure ended in 2016 after a one-year commission as National Chief.
Allen's call to service inspired him to become an active member of the Connellsville Area School District community throughout his adult life.
He taught science and special education for 30 years and served as president of the Connellsville Area Education Association after retiring from teaching in 1984.
Allen also coached multiple sports teams at Connellsville Junior High School.
He led the Connellsville Junior High East boys basketball team through an undefeated season in 1970, cumulating in winning the Western Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic League Junior Championship.
He also won a league championship in 1984 while coaching the Connellsville Junior High girls basketball team.
The Connellsville School Falcon Foundation recognized Allen's years of commitment to student-athletes by inducting him into their Hall of Fame in 2016.
Allen married Nancy Carol Dayton in 1950 and shared 70 happy years of marriage before her passing in 2021.
The couple raised two children together: Marcia Knight and Charles ``Chuckie'' Jones.
Over the years, their family grew to include two granddaughters and one greatgranddaughter.