The Veteran Hunt Program

has supported over 5,000 service members, while broader outreach

efforts have introduced more than 28,000 Californians to hunting and

outdoor stewardship.
Mr. Speaker, California Waterfowl's 80 years of conservation

leadership have helped restore and protect hundreds of thousands of

acres of critical habitat while educating generations of Californians

about the importance of wetland conservation.
Their work continues to

benefit our state and district's wildlife, agriculture, and outdoor

recreation opportunities.
It is fitting and proper that we honor them

today for their outstanding service to our region's natural resources

and conservation heritage.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DARIO SATTUI AND V. SATTUI WINERY

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dario

Sattui and his V. Sattui Winery as they celebrate 50 years of

winemaking excellence in our Napa Valley.
Mr Sattui's vision,

dedication to our community,

and commitment to environmental stewardship have made V. Sattui one of

our most treasured wineries and a cornerstone of Napa Valley's

agricultural heritage.
Born in San Francisco in 1941 to George and Lucille Sattui, Mr.

Sattui grew up understanding the importance of family legacy and hard

work.
He earned his bachelor of science in accounting and finance from

San Jose State University in 1965, followed by his master of business

administration with an emphasis in Marketing from the University of

California, Berkeley in 1969.
The story of V. Sattui Winery began in 1885 when Mr. Sattui's great-

grandfather, Vittorio Sattui, immigrated from Genoa, Italy, and

established a thriving San Francisco winery that operated for 35 years

before Prohibition forced its closure.
In 1975, nearly four decades

later, Mr. Sattui revived the family dream by re-establishing V. Sattui

Winery in our Napa Valley.
When the winery opened its doors on March 4,

1976, it became the 46th winery to operate in Napa Valley since

Prohibition, with Mr. Sattui's vision of creating a Napa d'Italia where

guests could experience the good life through exceptional wine and warm

hospitality.
V. Sattui's commitment to excellence has been widely recognized.
The

winery has been named ``Winery of the Year'' at the California State

Fair four times, earned the title ``Best Winery in the Western U.S.''

at the Critics Challenge Wine Competition, and received ``Domestic

Winery of the Year'' from the San Diego International Wine & Spirits

Challenge.
In 2023, V. Sattui converted to 100 percent organic farming

across 200 acres spanning four counties, demonstrating Mr. Sattui's

dedication to sustainable agriculture and environmental protection.
Mr. Sattui's commitment to our community extends far beyond

winemaking.
He has donated $1.6 million to support the Calistoga Boys &

Girls Club and contributed $1 million to the Calistoga School District

to expand its preschool program.
His generosity has also benefited St.

Helena Public Schools Foundation, Napa Valley education programs, and

disaster relief efforts, including a $100,000 contribution to support

victims of the 2017 fires.
Through conservation easements with the Land

Trust of Napa Valley, Mr Sattui has also protected more than 600 acres

from future development, ensuring these lands remain available for

agriculture and open space in perpetuity.
Mr. Sattui's dedication to health and medical research is reflected

in his $4.5 million donation to the Gladstone Institute for heart

health research.
He has also supported innovative environmental

initiatives, including his investment in Resynergi of Santa Rosa to

convert plastic waste into energy, and his support for Meals on Wheels

of Napa Valley through the purchase of a new food delivery truck.
Mr. Sattui is married to Irina Sattui.
Mr. Sattui has a son, Mario,

who is named after his great-grandfather.
The Sattui family continues

to operate V. Sattui as a direct-to-consumer winery, and is one of the

few wineries in our Napa Valley established prior to 1980 that are

still operating today with the original founding families.