The renovations will include a new west tower that

will house team dining, recruiting space, and a community event area.
This groundbreaking will support Charlotte's growing role as a college

football and sports tourism hub, as well as lay the foundation for the

next generation of milestones, championship seasons, and moments to

inspire pride across our entire state and region.
The renovations will significantly enhance fans' experiences by

offering premium seating, including suites, club seating, boxes, ledge

seating, and an east and west deck outdoor patio space.
The beginning

stages of the new project will increase capacity from just over 15,000

to over 18,000, with the potential to expand to 21,000 in future

phases.
These renovations will provide UNC Charlotte with new

opportunities to host bowl games, high school championships, concerts,

and community events.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the groundbreaking for the

first expansion phase of Jerry Richardson Stadium at my alma mater, UNC

Charlotte.
I look forward to the positive impact these renovations will

have on the UNC Charlotte football program, student-athletes, fans, and

the entire community.
I am proud to be associated with a university

that is shaping North Carolina's future through education, innovation,

and now, world-class athletic facilities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF NORTHGLENN PD'S DETECTIVE PAUL GESI

HON.
GABE EVANS

Mr. EVANS of Colorado.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I

rise today to honor the life and service of Detective Paul Gesi--a hero

whose dedication to the ideals of justice and the protection of his

community spanned more than four decades.
Paul devoted 41 years of his life to public service through law

enforcement, 39 of them with the Northglenn Police Department, where he

served as the department's Homicide Detective.
That noble work is

demanding in every sense--it calls for skill, persistence, and deep

compassion.
Paul brought all of those qualities to the job and more.
He

passionately pursued the truth and justice in the cases that he worked

to honor the victims of serious crimes.
When families in our community

grappled with the grief that accompanies the loss of a loved one,

Detective Gesi was a gentle presence and steady hand to help comfort

those suffering unimaginable pain.
But Paul's service was not confined to his career.
He served as a

teacher at the Citizens' Police Academy, spoke with students in local

schools, and was a trusted friend to many in the community.
He lived

out his faith in Christ every day, and he was a devoted single father

to six children, raising them with the same love and strength he

projected in the force.
Last week, after a long battle with post-traumatic stress disorder

brought on by the burdens of his work, Paul left us.
The loss of this

titan in the Northglenn Police Department is a sobering, painful

reminder of the unseen wounds that can come with a life spent

protecting others.
During their career, the average police officer will

experience 178 life-threatening situations; the average citizen will

experience three.
Detective Gesi leaves behind a deep void--in his family, among his

fellow officers, and across the City of Northglenn.
Yet his example of

courage, integrity, and selfless service will endure.
As we, alongside

his family and the City of Northglenn, make our final goodbyes, we do

so with gratitude for his life and with a renewed commitment to care

for the first responders and protectors who bear the weight of

protecting our communities.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Detective

Paul Gesi for his service, for his sacrifice, and for the countless

lives in my district made better by his work.
May we remember him

always, and may God grant comfort and peace to all who mourn his loss.
May he rest easy.
We have the watch from here.