Beyond his service at Jamestown, Dr. Horn remains an active and

prolific historian, having published nine books and numerous articles

on colonial America.
He also has worked for the Colonial Williamsburg

Foundation and taught several classes at the University of Virginia and

the College of William & Mary.
Dr. Horn has dedicated his life's work

to researching, writing and teaching about our most treasured

institution: our democracy.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Dr. James

Horn for his years of tireless pursuit of historical knowledge and

preservation.
I wish him all the best in his well-earned retirement and

pray for his continued health and happiness in the future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
LYNN COMINSKY

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker I rise today, along with my

colleague, Mr. Huffman, to honor Dr. Lynn Cominsky, an esteemed member

of the Sonoma County educational community.
After 39 years of service

to Sonoma State University, Dr. Cominsky will assume the title of

Emerita EdEon Director, marking a major milestone in her remarkable

career championing public science education and outreach.
Dr. Cominsky earned her bachelor of arts in physics from Brandeis

University in 1975, graduating magna cum laude with honors in

chemistry.
She went on to earn her Ph.D. in physics from the

Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1981.
In 1986, she joined the

faculty of Sonoma State University as an associate professor of physics

and astronomy, becoming a full professor at the university in 1991.
She

served as Chair of the Department of Physics and Astronomy from 2004 to

2019, and twice as Chair of the Chemistry Department from 2005 to 2007

and again from 2018 to 2019.
Through her cross-disciplinary leadership,

Dr. Cominsky helped shape the academic direction of Sonoma State for

nearly four decades.
Throughout her tenure, Dr. Cominsky worked to expand equity in STEM

education, especially for underserved and underrepresented students.
She was instrumental in supporting Sonoma State's designation as a

Hispanic-Serving Institution and helped develop national resources for

autistic learners.
She secured tens of millions of dollars in grant

funding to support inclusive science programming and reduce bias and

harassment in academia.
Dr. Cominsky also founded and led EdEon STEM Learning, Sonoma State's

education and outreach center focused on space and Earth science.
Under

her direction, EdEon developed K-14 curriculum and classroom tools that

engaged students and educators in cutting-edge research and inquiry-

based learning.
In partnership with NASA, the National Science

Foundation and the Department of Education, EdEon created innovative

ways to

engage students with astrophysics, Earth science, and engineering

concepts, and built professional learning communities for educators

across the country.
The center collaborated with NASA on missions such

as Swift, NuSTAR, and Fermi, producing educator guides, simulations,

and videos used nationwide.
EdEon also created programming for the

NSF's LIGO project and led teacher training workshops that strengthened

STEM education in underserved communities.
Among her many honors, Dr. Cominsky is the recipient of the Frank J.

Malina Astronautics Medal, the American Astronomical Society Education

Prize, the Sally Ride Excellence in Education Award, and was elected a

Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
Her

work has been recognized nationally for advancing science education and

outreach.
Dr. Cominsky currently resides in Sonoma County.
She was married to

the late Garret Jernigan, with whom she shared 42 years of partnership

until his passing in 2022.
In addition to her professional work, she is

a dedicated mentor, public speaker, and advocate for expanding access

to STEM fields across communities.
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we recognize Dr. Lynn

Cominsky for her extraordinary career and decades of service to

education, Sonoma County, and the broader scientific community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
MARGIE FAYE CLARK

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.