Title: HONORING CABE LAMBERT; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
138

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CABE LAMBERT

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Cabe Monroe Lambert,

the last living World War II Veteran of the Eastern Band of the

Cherokee Indians.
Mr. Lambert was born on September 25, 1926, and

currently lives in the Wolftown community on the Qualla Boundary in

Cherokee, North Carolina.
Mr. Lambert is deeply loved by his community

and family.
As a member of the greatest generation, Mr. Lambert answered the call

II.
While in combat, Cabe Monroe Lambert fought the Axis Powers that

were advancing across independent, sovereign countries.
Mr. Lambert

prevented forces with evil intent from reaching our great country and

liberated countless people.
We owe a debt that we can never repay but

will always remember and honor.
Without brave men and women like Mr.

Lambert, our world would undoubtedly be a much darker place.
Mr. Lambert served in the Asiatic Pacific Theater of Combat

Operations where our troops not only halted the Japanese advance, but

pushed them back island by island, freeing the inhabitants of those

communities.
It is my distinct honor to acknowledge the service of Cabe

Monroe Lambert to the United States of America and to our world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CALIFORNIA WATERFOWL

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

California Waterfowl as it celebrates 80 years of dedicated

conservation service.
This organization's decades long work protecting

California's waterfowl and wetland resources has made it the largest

state-based waterfowl group in the United States and a vital force for

environmental stewardship in our state and district.
California Waterfowl was founded in 1945 as the Duck Hunters

Association of California by hunters concerned about the rapid loss of

wetlands.
At the time, California had already lost 90 percent of its

original wetlands, and few resources were dedicated to reversing this

trend.
In 1985, the organization partnered with the California

Department of Fish and Wildlife to conduct studies that revealed most

mallards harvested by hunters in the state were hatched locally, a

finding that underscored the importance of in-State habitat to the

health of the entire Pacific Flyway.
Today, California Waterfowl includes more than 20,000 members united

by a shared vision of a California abundant in waterfowl, vibrant

wetlands, and thriving hunting communities.
Over the past four decades,

the organization has invested $280 million in conservation efforts and

completed more than 1,500 projects to protect, restore, and enhance

nearly 730,000 acres of waterfowl habitat statewide.
More than half of

these projects occurred on public lands, including significant work in

the Suisun Marsh and California Delta.
Recognizing the importance of

agriculture to conservation, California Waterfowl has also partnered

with landowners through programs such as the Delayed Wheat Harvest

Incentive, Rice Levee and Agricultural Corridors Program, and Fallow

Agriculture Program to support nesting waterfowl and pollinators while

maintaining productive farmland.
The organization's research and education efforts have contributed

significantly to wildlife science and public awareness.
Its Wood Duck

Program has successfully hatched more than one million ducklings and

distributed over 165,000 wood duck boxes.
More than 180,000 students

have participated in their conservation education programs.
In 2009,

the Hunt Program was launched to improve land access for hunters, now

serving nearly 2,000 participants annually.
The Veteran Hunt Program

has supported over 5,000 service members, while broader outreach

efforts have introduced more than 28,000 Californians to hunting and

outdoor stewardship.
Mr. Speaker, California Waterfowl's 80 years of conservation

leadership have helped restore and protect hundreds of thousands of

acres of critical habitat while educating generations of Californians

about the importance of wetland conservation.
Their work continues to

benefit our state and district's wildlife, agriculture, and outdoor

recreation opportunities.