Mr. Sattui is married to Irina Sattui.
Mr. Sattui has a son, Mario,

who is named after his great-grandfather.
The Sattui family continues

to operate V. Sattui as a direct-to-consumer winery, and is one of the

few wineries in our Napa Valley established prior to 1980 that are

still operating today with the original founding families.
The Sattui

family remains committed to maintaining the personal touch and

authentic experience that has made it a destination where generations

of families return time and again.
Mr. Speaker, Dario Sattui and V. Sattui Winery's 50 years of

winemaking excellence, environmental stewardship, and community service

have profoundly shaped Napa Valley's cultural and agricultural

landscape.
It is fitting and proper that we honor them today for their

remarkable contributions to our community and their unwavering

commitment to preserving our valley's heritage while inspiring future

generations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAVID GROFF FOR HIS DEDICATION TO PUBLIC SERVICE

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

Mr. David Groff for his 50 years of service with Garden Spot Fire

Rescue (GSFR).
Mr. Groff began his service as a firefighter, joining the then-called

Liberty Fire Company at his friends' invitation when he was 17 years

old.
From his early days with the department, he demonstrated a

heartfelt dedication to bettering his community, saving countless

victims from fires, and of all kinds of danger, particularly vehicular

incidents.
Having entered prior to the implantation of modern rescue

technology, such as the Hurst Power Rescue Tool, Mr. Groff rescued

victims by hand and demonstrated an undeterred spirit for service.
For 19 years, he served as a career emergency medical technician, or

EMT, with Brickerville Fire & EMS Company.
He went on to become GSFR's

EMS sergeant, where he played a key role in securing a Quick Response

Service certification from the Pennsylvania State Department of Health.
Throughout his time with Garden Spot Fire Rescue, he has helped further

the department's reputation for safety, excellence, and efficiency.
Despite battling cancer, Mr. Groff remains committed to serving his

community.
His unwavering stamina toward making a difference deserves

recognition.
I am grateful for his selfless years of service to his

community and for all he has done for Pennsylvania's 11th Congressional

District.
I wish him all the best in his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
JAMES HORN

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. James Horn on his

upcoming retirement as President and Chief Officer of the Jamestown

Rediscovery Foundation.
After over a decade as the leader of Jamestown,

the site of America's first permanent settlement, Dr. Horn will

conclude his illustrious career.
Dr. Horn's passion for history has helped expand our understanding of

America's beginning.
He has served as the President of the Jamestown

Rediscovery Foundation since 2015, steering the organization through a

period full of novel discoveries, enlightening research, and critical

preservation efforts.
While President, Dr. Horn oversaw the restoration

of Jamestown's Memorial Church and its famed 17th century tower,

ensuring that the site, which hosted Virginia's first General Assembly

in 1619, stands as a beacon of democracy for years to come.
During his time at Jamestown, Dr. Horn ushered in new educational and

community programs, sharing a critical time in American history with

the public.
He also aided in fundraising over $16 million dollars to

help protect Jamestown from flooding risks, preserving the park for

future generations.
Beyond his service at Jamestown, Dr. Horn remains an active and

prolific historian, having published nine books and numerous articles

on colonial America.
He also has worked for the Colonial Williamsburg

Foundation and taught several classes at the University of Virginia and

the College of William & Mary.
Dr. Horn has dedicated his life's work

to researching, writing and teaching about our most treasured

institution: our democracy.