May we remember him

always, and may God grant comfort and peace to all who mourn his loss.
May he rest easy.
We have the watch from here.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A RESOLUTION AFFIRMING THE PRESIDENT'S PROMISE NOT TO

RAISE THE SOCIAL SECURITY AND MEDICARE RETIREMENT AGE

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduced a Resolution Affirming

the President's Promise Not to Raise the Social Security and Medicare

Retirement Age.
Social Security and Medicare are solemn promises made to generations

of American workers who have paid into these hard-earned benefits

during their working years.
Yesterday, Social Security celebrated its 90th birthday, and our

resolution demonstrates continued support from Congress for this

program so it can continue to support Americans throughout their

retirement for decades to come.
As more than 11,000 Americans turn 65 each day, many will turn to

these programs to access care and start their retirement.
It is our

duty to ensure these programs will be here for them to utilize in their

golden years and not create delays to access these benefits.
Raising the retirement age would reduce benefits for millions of

Americans, placing an unnecessary burden on seniors and those close to

retirement who can't afford to wait to access their earned benefits.
I promise to oppose any changes to the retirement age for these vital

national programs, just as President Trump stated on July 8, 2024.
I

agree with President Trump that we mustn't raise the Social Security

and Medicare Retirement Age.
In a time of division, I'm glad to be able to find issues where

people from both parties can agree.
I thank my colleagues who have already joined my resolution, and I

urge all my colleagues to consider supporting this resolution which

demonstrates the House of Representatives dedication to protect

retirement security by not raising the retirement age.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ASSUMPTION OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN MARY PARISH'S 75TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an incredible

parish from my district--Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary (BVM)

Parish in Feasterville, Pennsylvania.
This year, Assumption BVM

celebrates its 75th Anniversary, an exceptional milestone that reflects

decades of spiritual dedication and charitable impact.
It is my honor

to commend the parish on this remarkable achievement.
Since its founding on November 3, 1950, Assumption BVM has dedicated

themselves to ministry and outreach.
By offering a welcoming place for

worship to the residents of Feasterville, Langhorne, Oakford, and

Trevose, the parish has been a steadfast presence in Bucks County for

three-quarters of a century.
Celebrating 75 years as a parish also means celebrating 75 years as

their self-titled Family of Faith.
Through grounding their lives in

love and faith, Assumption BVM has become a source of strength,

spiritual growth, and support for countless individuals.
Assumption BVM works alongside the Society of St. Vincent de Paul to

assist people who struggle to afford basic necessities.
To help ease

these burdens, Assumption BVM collects grocery store gift cards and

other monetary donations for those in need.
Their outreach also includes the Caring for Friends program, which

provides home-cooked meals to individuals facing food insecurity.
Additional efforts include a community meal program with Advocates for

Homeless and Those in Need, and the Change for Life Baby Bottle

Project, which supports families in crisis.
And yet, these examples

capture only a fraction of Assumption BVM's deep commitment to serving

those in need.
The parish's Knights of Columbus chapter provides even more

opportunities for parishioners to engage in charitable outreach,

sponsoring events such as spring pancake breakfasts and baseball

outings that bring people together in fellowship and service.
It is my honor to celebrate 75 years of faith, generosity, and

service at Assumption BVM.