From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
MARGIE FAYE CLARK

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr.

Margie Faye Clark--an outstanding educator, faith leader, and founder

of the Amarie Youth Impact Organization, a nonprofit dedicated to

uplifting

youth through education, mentorship, and community involvement.
A resident of Panola County, Dr. Clark has devoted over 32 years to

education, serving in the North Panola, South Panola, and East

Tallahatchie School Districts.
Her dedication earned her the title of

Teacher of the Year and a role on the district leadership team.
She

holds a Doctorate in Organizational Leadership and Christian Education,

a Specialist degree in Educational Leadership, a Master's in Curriculum

and Instruction, and a bachelor's in Special Education and Reading--

earned from institutions including Jackson State University, Walden

University, Lincoln University, and Grand Canyon University.
Born in New Orleans to Marie B. and J.C. Clark, Dr. Clark was raised

with strong values of service and excellence.
She became the first

Black woman to run for alderman in Pope, Mississippi.
Her family's

legacy includes her mother, the first Black nurse in the South Panola

School District, and her brother, Dr. Brel Clark, the district's first

Black valedictorian.
Dr. Clark is the proud mother of Alisha Bland, Julianne, and Jerlisha

Gipson; a grandmother; a great-grandmother; and a proud member of Alpha

Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated.
A former twirler for the world-

famous Sonic Boom of the South at Jackson State University, she

performed nationally with pride and grace.
She has served as Youth Director for Pope Chapel AME Zion Church for

40 years and as Lay Council President at the church, district, and

conference levels.
Her leadership has inspired countless youth through

faith, education, and purpose-driven service, organizing impactful

programs and attending conferences across the country.
Dr. Margie Faye Clark is deeply dedicated to serving not only her

local community but also surrounding areas across state lines.
Through

her nonprofit, Amarie Youth Impact, she has led numerous outreach

initiatives, educational workshops, and mentorship programs that have

benefited youth and families in Mississippi and beyond.
As Vice

President of the local NAACP chapter, she advocates for equity and

justice while continuing to empower youth through Amarie Youth Impact.
Her influence extends widely, driven by a mission to uplift and

inspire.
Dr. Clark's life is a testimony of faith, family, and fortitude.
She

lives by Philippians 4:13--``I can do all things through Christ who

strengthens me.''
Her legacy is one of sowing seeds that continue to

bear fruit in the lives of future generations.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Margie

Clark for her dedication to serving this great state and country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE GROUNDBREAKING CEREMONY FOR THE EXPANSION OF UNC

CHARLOTTE'S JERRY RICHARDSON FOOTBALL STADIUM

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the groundbreaking

first expansion phase at my alma mater's, The University of North

Carolina at Charlotte, Jerry Richardson Stadium.
It is a privilege to

honor UNC Charlotte and the 49ers community on this occasion that

represents progress, pride, and great potential.
On August 27, 2025, the ceremony for the first expansion phase at

Jerry Richardson Stadium, home of the UNC Charlotte 49ers football

team, will commence.
The renovations will include a new west tower that

will house team dining, recruiting space, and a community event area.
This groundbreaking will support Charlotte's growing role as a college

football and sports tourism hub, as well as lay the foundation for the

next generation of milestones, championship seasons, and moments to

inspire pride across our entire state and region.
The renovations will significantly enhance fans' experiences by

offering premium seating, including suites, club seating, boxes, ledge

seating, and an east and west deck outdoor patio space.