And yet, these examples

capture only a fraction of Assumption BVM's deep commitment to serving

those in need.
The parish's Knights of Columbus chapter provides even more

opportunities for parishioners to engage in charitable outreach,

sponsoring events such as spring pancake breakfasts and baseball

outings that bring people together in fellowship and service.
It is my honor to celebrate 75 years of faith, generosity, and

service at Assumption BVM.
Bucks County is a stronger, more

compassionate place because of the enduring presence of this

extraordinary parish.
I am proud to celebrate Assumption BVM on this

remarkable milestone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BUCKS COUNTY AMERICANS FOR NATIVE AMERICANS

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the valuable

contributions of Americans for Native Americans (ANA), a dedicated

organization primarily supported by benefactors from Central Bucks

County, which lies within my district in Pennsylvania.
ANA is dedicated to improving the lives of Native Americans in the

Hopi, Navajo, and Zuni Nations in the American Southwest.
By providing

essential goods and services, ANA addresses critical community needs

while serving as a foundation for greater self-reliance and long-term

empowerment.
Connie and Bill Eastburn founded this organization by recognizing

pressing needs in these Native American communities--warmth, structure,

and shelter.
When they learned that 17 Navajo men had tragically passed

away due to inadequate shelter, Connie and Bill jumped into action.
Now, partnered with numerous organizations, they have been committed to

helping and improving the lives of Native Americans in the American

Southwest.
One facet of ANA's outreach efforts includes programs focused on

supporting the wellbeing and education of Native American children.
The

largest program, Food for Kids, provides schoolchildren with much-

needed meals.
With the help of ANA's generous donors, the program's

funding skyrocketed from $10,000 in 2004 to $178,400 in 2024-2025.
Other programs include Clothing for Kids, Eyeglass Program, and the

Family and Child Education Program--all of which support and empower

these children and their families.
In addition, ANA supports the education of University of New Mexico-

Gallup nursing students.
By providing scholarships and financial aid to

aspiring Native American nurses since 2006, ANA has sponsored 349

Associate Degrees in Nursing through its Advanced Degree Scholarships--

totaling $318,278 of educational aid.
By investing in the next

generation of healthcare professionals, ANA helps establish pathways

toward self-reliance, economic opportunity, and improved health

services within these Native American communities.
Furthermore, ANA pilots a program providing free veterinary care for

Native Americans and their animals on Navajo and Zuni reservations.
In

partnership with various Zuni organizations, ANA began construction of

a fully self-sustainable veterinary clinic--a vital step toward

achieving their goal of equipping these communities with the resources

needed for self-sufficiency.
Americans for Native Americans continues to leave an indelible mark

on the Hopi, Navajo, and Zuni Nations in the American Southwest.
I rise

to recognize the incredible accomplishments of this esteemed

organization and I commemorate their efforts and dedication.
Through

the endless passion and dedication of Central Bucks County residents,

this organization demonstrates their unwavering commitment to serving

these communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JEFFREY B. CABALLERO, MPH, EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE

ASSOCIATION OF ASIAN PACIFIC COMMUNITY HEALTH ORGANIZATIONS (AAPCHO)

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding member of our community, Executive Director of the

Association of Asian Pacific Community Health Organizations Jeffrey B.

Caballero, MPH, who has received the Hepatitis B Foundation's 2025

Community Leadership Award.
Prior to becoming Executive Director of the Association of Asian

Pacific Community Health Organizations, Jeffrey began his journey at

the University of California, San Diego where he studied biochemistry

and cell biology.
After graduating UC San Diego in 1988, he continued

his studies at the University of California, Los Angeles--School of

Public Health where he received his Master of Public Health degree.