Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding member of our community, Executive Director of the

Association of Asian Pacific Community Health Organizations Jeffrey B.

Caballero, MPH, who has received the Hepatitis B Foundation's 2025

Community Leadership Award.
Prior to becoming Executive Director of the Association of Asian

Pacific Community Health Organizations, Jeffrey began his journey at

the University of California, San Diego where he studied biochemistry

and cell biology.
After graduating UC San Diego in 1988, he continued

his studies at the University of California, Los Angeles--School of

Public Health where he received his Master of Public Health degree.
He

also attended UCLA Anderson School of Management's Health Care

Executive Program.
Since 1993, Jeffrey and his colleagues at the Association of Asian

Pacific Community Health Organizations have dedicated their time and

energy to promoting advocacy, collaboration, and leadership that

improves the health status and access of Asian Americans, Native

Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders.
Jeffrey's oversight of the overall

strategic direction and execution of the Association of Asian Pacific

Community Health Organizations' mission seeks to bring about a world in

which all the communities AAPCHO serves have equitable access to

affordable, high quality, and culturally and linguistically proficient

health care.
To date, the Association of Asian Pacific Community Health

Organizations comprises 34 community health organizations serving over

750,000 patients nationwide.
Additionally, Jeffrey acts as the founding co-chair of Hep B United,

a national coalition to unify and enhance local coalitions and

community health centers dedicated to eliminating Hepatitis B virus

infections and its complications.
Hep B United was founded in 2013 as a

partnership between the Hepatitis B Foundation and AAPCHO and has done

incredible work in elevating Hepatitis B as a national priority.
His

lifetime commitment to eliminating health disparities related to

Hepatitis B as well as liver cancer and his broader efforts to

improving the lives of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders have been

recognized by the Hepatitis B Foundation through his receiving the 2025

Community Leadership Award.
I wish to congratulate Jeffrey on his almost four decades of service

to Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders and on his

well-deserved recognition from the Hepatitis B Foundation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
FRANK C. PARKER, IV, QUAKERTOWN COMMUNITY SCHOOL

DISTRICT DIRECTOR OF BANDS, FOR 27 YEARS OF SERVICE

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a remarkable

individual from my district, Mr Frank C. Parker, IV.
For nearly three

decades, Mr. Parker has nurtured and inspired the musical abilities of

students in the Quakertown Community School District.
Mr. Parker attended Moravian College, where he earned a bachelor's

degree in musical performance and studied wind conducting, choral

conducting, and saxophone under renowned academics and musicians.
During his time there, he co-founded both the Moravian College Jazz

Quartet and the Moravian College Dixieland Band.
His exceptional talent

earned him the lead alto saxophone positions with the Moravian College

and Muhlenberg College Big Bands, and he also served as Principal Alto

Saxophone for the Moravian College Wind Ensemble.
His pursuit of excellence in music continued through his master's

education at Wilkes University and additional graduate coursework at

Villanova University, University of Miami, University of Arts, and West

Chester University.
Mr. Parker dedicated 27 years to sharing his musical expertise and

passion with QCSD students.
From 1998 to 2004, he directed the award-

winning Milford Middle School band, even earning them a performance at

the 2003 Pennsylvania Music Educators Association.
During his six-year

tenure, the Milford Jazz Band received nothing less than a superior

rating at 26 consecutive jazz festivals--an extraordinary feat.
For the past 21 years, Mr. Parker has served as the Director of Bands

at Quakertown High School, where he led the Symphonic Band, Wind

Symphony, Jazz Ensemble, and numerous other small ensembles.