From 1998 to 2004, he directed the award-

winning Milford Middle School band, even earning them a performance at

the 2003 Pennsylvania Music Educators Association.
During his six-year

tenure, the Milford Jazz Band received nothing less than a superior

rating at 26 consecutive jazz festivals--an extraordinary feat.
For the past 21 years, Mr. Parker has served as the Director of Bands

at Quakertown High School, where he led the Symphonic Band, Wind

Symphony, Jazz Ensemble, and numerous other small ensembles.
Under his

direction, these ensembles were invited to perform at the PMEA

Conference, the NAfME National Conference, and the NAfME Eastern

Division Conference an impressive fourteen times.
Additionally, Mr. Parker directed Quakertown High School's award-

winning marching band, which has won both national and state-level

competitions under his leadership.
At this year's PMEA Conference, Mr. Parker was honored as the Phi

Beta Mu Outstanding PA Bandmaster.
Over the years, many of his students

have been selected to participate in PMEA district, region, and state

band festivals.
Outside of his work at QCSD, Mr. Parker has taught saxophone lessons

for the past 38 years.
He is an active clinician, adjudicator, and

guest conductor, having led bands across Pennsylvania and Vermont.
He

is a dedicated member of PMEA, NAfME, QCEA, PSEA, NEA, and Phi Beta Mu.
As a performer, Mr. Parker has experience as a saxophonist with wind

bands, big bands, and variety bands in the Lehigh Valley and

Philadelphia areas, and has performed internationally in Great Britain

and the British Virgin islands.
In retirement, Mr. Parker looks forward to guest conducting, running

clinics and teaching lessons online, as well as continuing to play his

saxophone.
He is the proud father of one daughter.
Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Parker for his 27 years of service to the

Quakertown community, and I am honored to congratulate him on his well-

deserved retirement.
His efforts have made an everlasting impact on

generations of students, enriching their lives through music education

and inspiring a deep appreciation for the arts.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF BROTHER'S KEEPERS MOTORCYCLE CLUB

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to the

Brother's Keepers Motorcycle Club of Kentucky.
What started out as a

group of firefighters whose main purpose was to strengthen their

brotherhood through recreational motorcycle rides, has now grown into a

club with much greater purpose.
The Brother's Keepers Motorcycle Club focuses on safety and

motorcycle awareness nationwide.
However, realizing the strength of

their unity, these firefighting bikers have turned their fun and

relaxation into fundraising and charitable work.
For example, their

Kentucky chapters collectively support the Shriners Hospital and

Transportation, Scars Uncovered, and the Hoosier Burn Camp for Kids.
The five chapters in Kentucky include Lexington, Louisville,

Campbellsville, Sturgis, and Paintsville.
Together, they host the Burn

Run, a two-day event for charity that has resulted in more than

$300,000 in funding for pediatric burn victims.
Every day, our firefighters bravely answer the call of duty to save

lives and rescue homes, businesses, and community facilities from total

destruction.
The charitable work of this club is evidence that a true

heart of service never clocks out when an emergency ends.
Even in their

spare time, they are serving and protecting the most innocent lives in

Kentucky by raising support for young burn victims.
Thanks to their

fundraising efforts, more essential resources are available for

families, including educational programs, healthcare initiatives, and

recreational opportunities for patients who need them the most.
I salute the Brother's Keepers Motorcycle Club of Kentucky for

providing a beacon of hope for families across the Commonwealth, going

far beyond the call of duty to help those in need.