where they raised their two daughters, Megan and Emily.
Their steadfast support has undoubtedly provided a foundation that allows Martin to serve to the best of his ability.
Detective McDonough has always been called to a life of service.
Martin's journey in public service began as a member of the Warwick Township Fire Company.
In 1981, he took the first steps towards his lifelong commitment to public safety by joining the esteemed ranks of the Northampton Township Fire Department, where he has served as a dedicated firefighter for over 40 years.
His selfless contributions to the fire department exemplify his commitment to safeguarding the lives and property of our community members.
Transitioning seamlessly from firefighting to law enforcement, Martin embarked on a distinguished career within various Police Departments.
During his tenure, Detective McDonough has held titles of dispatcher, patrolman, detective, and later chief of detectives, demonstrating exemplary leadership and integrity at every turn.
Martin worked as a dispatcher for Northampton Township for five years before becoming a patrol officer in Warrington Township in 1987.
A year later he joined the Warwick Township Police Department where he climbed the ranks from Patrolman, Corporal, Detective, and lastly to Detective Sergeant.
He dedicated 13 years of tireless service to this department, touching numerous lives in the community.
In 2000, Detective McDonough's career led him to the Bucks County District Attorney's office where he was a county detective for nineteen years.
His unparalleled investigative skills and unwavering dedication to justice distinguished him as a formidable force against crime.
After that committed time of service, Detective McDonough received a muchdeserved promotion, receiving the new role of Chief.
In his new role, McDonough directed a diverse unit composed of 23 detectives including members of a drug strike force, who led or assisted municipal departments in the investigations of the county's highest-profile and most complex criminal cases.
This enormous responsibility was a testament to Detective McDonough's exceptional capabilities and leadership, earning him the respect and admiration of his colleagues and community members alike.
I am eternally grateful to Detective McDonough for the life of committed service he has given to our community, district, and country.
His selfless career is a shining example of civic stewardship that the next generations of law enforcement should strive to emulate.
His leadership was instrumental in ensuring both the safety and security of our community.
While Martin's presence will be sorely missed, I am excited for his entry into this new chapter and extend my heartfelt thanks and congratulations to Detective Martin McDonough on his welldeserved retirement.