Mr. HIGGINS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Richard Zuschlag, a cofounder of Acadian Ambulance, national leader, and the very embodiment of Christian virtue.
Following a valiant battle with cancer, marking the end of a full and accomplished life, Richard has gone home to the Lord.
For all who knew him and felt his compassion, Richard's 76 years are now the object of fond reflection and reverent admiration.
His legacy will stand in perpetuity, sustained in the countless lives he touched.
`Richard Zuschlag' is a household name in Louisiana that is synonymous with charity, health care, and Louisiana business talent.
Born in Pennsylvania, he first came to Louisiana as a young professional on work assignment.
During this introduction, he came to love South Louisiana's community, people, and way of life.
Ultimately, he chose to stay.
Ever community-minded, he recognized shortcomings in local EMS services.
To fill this critical gap in medical service, Richard established Acadian Ambulance in 1971, as a provider of accessible, quality EMS care.
He co-founded his Lafayette-based company with a revolutionary financing strategy, allowing clients to pay a very affordable yearly rate in exchange for full service.
This winning formula opened private EMS service to Americans of all economic backgrounds.
Richard's vision continued to shape Acadian Ambulance in this way, carrying it on a sure trajectory to success.
More than half a century after its humble start, Lafayette-based Acadian Ambulance is a nationally respected provider of quality EMS services--the culmination of Richard's career.
All of Richard's work functioned according to his personal philosophy, endowed by his Christian faith.
This approach, aptly characterized as `putting people over profit,' fused his business acumen and humanitarian impulse.
Driven by these virtues, Richard was clearly destined to revolutionize the EMS industry, uplifting millions.
In the wake of Hurricane Katrina's devastation, he deployed Acadian Ambulance's services to ease the suffering of fellow Louisianans in New Orleans.
Richard directed this operation out of pocket, in lieu of a government contract or any guarantee of compensation.
This occasion was one of many on which he courageously justified his