Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements of Gunnery Sergeant Steven M. Phong.
Gunnery Sergeant Steven M. Phong is a native of Long Beach, California.
He graduated Recruit Training at San Diego, California on October 7, 2005 as a Private First Class.
After completion of Recruit Training, he attended Marine Combat Training School (MCT) at School of Infantry, Area 52, Camp Pendleton, California.
Once completing MCT he attended Military Occupational School (MOS) at Camp Johnson, North Carolina for training at Supply School for the Enlisted Basic Supply Course.
In February of 2006, he reported to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina, Marine Corps Air Control Squadron 2, 2nd Marine Air Wing to serve as the Procurement and Fiscal Clerk.
In August of 2014, Corporal Phong reported to Anti-tank Training Company, Site Support Broken Arrow, Oklahoma and served as the Company Supply Administrations Chief, Embarkations Chief, and the AntiTerrorism Assistant Officer.
Corporal Phong assisted in deploying and redeploying marines in support of Marine Expeditionary Unit 31's Unit Deployment Program and the Georgia Train and Equip Program.
He also supervised logistics movements for training programs including Northern Strike, 29 Palms Integrated Training Exercise, Cold Weather training, African Lion and Red Flag Alaska.
In April of 2018 Sergeant Phong reported to 3d Supply Battalion, Combat Logistics Regiment 35, 3rd Marine Logistics Group in April 2018 to serve as the Battalion Supply Administrations Chief.
Sergeant Phong attended the Supply Chain Management Intermediate Course at Camp Futenma, Okinawa, Japan from August to September 2018.
In August 2019 Staff Sergeant Phong then assumed the billet of the Battalion Supply and Material Management Chief in 3d Supply Battalion in August 2019.
On August 13, 2021, Staff Sergeant Phong reported to Expeditionary Warfare Training Group Pacific and assumed his duties as the Supply and Material Management Chief.
There he worked in a joint branch environment and supported multiple warfare training courses.
Gunnery Sergeant Phong is currently serving as a Canvassing Recruiter in Recruiting Sub-station Orange County.
Gunnery Sergeant Phong's personal awards include the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal and the Navy Marine Corps Achievement Medal with two gold stars.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and celebrating the achievements of Gunnery Sergeant Steven M. Phong.