Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the courageous public service career and rural advocacy of Colusa County Supervisor Gary Evans.
Gary is a fourth-generation life-long resident of Colusa County growing up in the Stonyford-Lodoga area.
Gary proudly attended Maxwell High School graduating in 1973.
Upon graduating, Gary would work for the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service in Fire Management for 12 years.
He would then go on to open and manage a small sawmill, logging and contracting business in Colusa County for many years.
Gary decided to run for the Colusa County Board of Supervisors in 2004 earning his first term on the Board, since then he has been reelected four times serving 20 years on the Board.
As Supervisor, Gary would stand as a stanch defender of the Constitution and the Civil Rights of local citizens, businesses, schools, churches, and organizations.
Additionally, Supervisor Evans served as Chairman of the Colusa County Board of Supervisors during the years of 2009, 2012, 2017, 2018, 2021 and 2024.
Gary has played a pivotal role in bringing the Sites Reservoir Project to reality and has made a point to see the project to completion which would help provide the larger region and agricultural community with the essential water it needs.
Over the years, Supervisor Evans fought directly for the residents of Colusa County.
During the statewide Stay at Home Order in the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, Supervisor Evans moved to allow those who choose to reopen for business and recreation to do so as they saw fit.
This action would save many local businesses and allow for a quicker recovery.
Gary's leadership on the Board has proved instrumental as he personally introduced and coordinated a variety of projects in Colusa County that have included County, State, Federal agencies, and numerous private landowners working towards common goals with a positive.
``we're all in this together'' attitude.
We thank Supervisor Gary Evans for his twenty years of service on the Colusa County Board of Supervisors and commitment to the citizens of Colusa County.
We wish him all the best in his retirement.