Mr. LaMALFA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the dedicated career and public service.
Don was born and raised in the Yuba-Sutter region.
He proudly attended Sutter Union High School where he would meet his future wife and childhood sweetheart, Lavina, Don and Lavina were married in 1968.
Upon graduating, Don would attend college at the University of California, Davis earning a degree in Agricultural Business.
Don would use his degree to help on his family's farming business in Sutter County for many years.
Don would then go on to work with the Yuba City Steel Products Company, where he would work for the next 30 years.
Don and his family would visit Hawaii and become inspired by a local coffee shop known as ``Badass Coffee from Hawaii''.
Don's son Adam and wife would later open their own coffee shop in Roseville known as ``Bad Ass Coffee''.
Soon after Don and his wife would purchase The Brick Coffee House Cafe in Marysville.
This venture would initially need a major overhaul and clean-up; while starting as only a local coffee shop, it would expand to become a thriving place to visit with great food and desserts and be known for their great catering service.
The cafe would stay as a family business for the next 20 years.
Don was elected to the Yuba County Board of Supervisors in 2021, where he represented District Two.
During Don's tenure on the Board, he would additionally serve on many other governmental organizations, working to represent the rural interests.
Don has served on the Area on Aging Area 4, California State Association of Counties (CSAC), North Central Counties Consortium (NCCC), and many others.
Don also served as Chairman of the Yuba County Board of Supervisors in the year of 2024.
Don and Lavina have been married for 56 years and have two children, Adam and Kricia, and four grandchildren.
We thank Supervisor Don Blaser for his term of service on the Yuba County Board of Supervisors and commitment to the citizens of Yuba County.
We wish him all the best in his retirement.