Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues Speaker Emerita Nancy Pelosi, 
Representative Kevin Mullin and 
Representative Jared Huffman to honor the San Francisco VA HeaIth Care System (SFVAHCS) in celebration of its ninety years of providing high quality medical care and services to our country's veterans.
Conceived of by the newly consolidated Veterans Administration in 1931, San Francisco VA Medical Center opened its doors on the aptly chosen date of November 11, 1934.
Located at historic Fort Miley in San Francisco, the original medical center remains the flagship of the California Bay Area's veterans health care system.
Over the last nine decades, the hospital and staff have served thousands of veterans.
In 2023, SFVAHCS provided care to 94,594 veterans with a combined 870,693 outpatient visits and 3,203 inpatient admissions.
Now as part of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), SFVAHCS continues to operate the medical center, manages a 120-bed community living center and oversees nine outpatient clinics across its service territory.
Those clinics are located in downtown San Francisco, Clearlake, Eureka, Oakland, San Bruno, Santa Rosa, and Ukiah.
The health care system is supported by an incredible staff of more than three thousand employees and three hundred volunteers.
For over sixty years, SFVAHCS has partnered with the University of California, San Francisco's School of Medicine to train physicians.
Many generations of medical professionals that now support our country's greater health care system learned from the highly skilled clinicians at SFVAHCS.
Moreover, the health care system boasts the largest competitively funded research program in the VA which is driving cutting edge health care innovations and technologies.
These programs are a benefit to all Americans.
SFVAHCS' commitment to high quality health care does not go unnoticed.
In 2023, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services received a 4-star rating for overall quality and a Silver Level Geriatric Emergency Department Accreditation from the American College.
In 2024, two outstanding SFVAHCS employees were recognized: Dr. Cynthia Delgado as one of TIME100's most influential people in health and Dr. Bruce Ovbiagele with the W Lester Henry Award for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion by the American College.