Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and recognize Alicia Aguirre, Councilmember for the City of Redwood City, upon the conclusion of her 19 years of service to our community.
Alicia is the daughter of immigrant parents from Mexico, first generation to graduate from college, and proud mother of two young men with three grandchildren.
She holds an M.A. from Eastern Michigan University and has done Doctoral studies in Social Anthropology at the Universidad Iberoamericana in Mexico City.
She was a Fulbright Exchange Professor in Argentina.
A 36-year resident of Redwood City, Alicia arrived in 1988 concurrent with her employment as a Professor at Canada College in the English as a Second Language (ESL) and Spanish Departments.
She currently serves as the ESL Department's Coordinator.
She was also a former Visiting Dean at the Sequoia Union High School District as Director of English Learners.
Her passion for education is evident in her volunteer and community activities that have empowered others to achieve.
She served for six years as a Trustee, with one year as President, of the Redwood City Elementary School Board before her appointment to the City Council.
She served as a Trustee for Notre Dame De Namur University in Belmont, on the Mt. Carmel and Garfield Charter School Boards, and as Board Member for the Redwood City Library Foundation.
Alicia was appointed to the City Council of Redwood City in January 2005 and was elected in November 2005, and re-elected in 2007, and 2011, 2015, and 2020 for a total of 19 years, amongst the longesttenured City Councilmembers in San Mateo County.
She has served as both Vice Mayor and then Mayor from 2011-2013 and is the first Latina Mayor in the history.
As an engaged community leader, Alicia has served on various local boards and committees in several capacities including Service League of San Mateo County, Redwood City International, Philanthropic Ventures Foundation, Redwood City-San Mateo County Chamber of Commerce and its Leadership Program Committee, Latino Leadership Council of San Mateo County, and Latino Community Council.
And in her capacity as a Redwood City Councilmember, Alicia represented the City and community on the Statewide Latino Caucus Executive Board, the Latino Political Action Committee, Metropolitan Transportation Commission, the San Mateo County City/County Association of Governments, and the Peninsula Division of the League of California Cities.
Because of her numerous contributions, Alicia has been recognized for her accomplishments with many awards including being named California's Assembly District 21, Woman of the Year in 2012 by Assemblyman Rich Gordon, being inducted into the Chamber San Mateo County's Hall of Fame, receiving the Ohtli Award and medal by the Mexican Government for her support of the Mexican community abroad, and being honored for her contributions towards affordable housing with the Housing Hall of Fame award.
During the Covid-19 pandemic, Alicia focused on keeping residents and business owners informed about County and State health orders, safely providing city services and funding for emergency rental assistance, and ensuring local hospitals were prepared for an evolving disease.
Alicia also worked tirelessly during the pandemic to sustain Redwood City's local economy by supporting small business emergency grant programs, allowing safe business operations outdoors, advocating for childcare providers and promoting safe return to work for local companies to encourage workers to shop and dine again in Redwood City.
With improving housing access as one her primary policy goals, Alicia supported housing for all income levels, especially affordable housing for vulnerable groups like seniors, veterans and the homeless, and missing middle housing for young families and new residents.
Alicia played an integral role in assisting the unhoused population through her work with LifeMoves, which strives to end homelessness by providing interim housing, supportive services, and building collaborative partnerships.
She encouraged new housing in Downtown Redwood City near transit, jobs and walkable businesses.
She was mindful about carefully balancing neighborhood preservation with private property rights regarding upgrades like ADU's and home additions.
She supported Safe Routes to Schools and prioritized traffic safety on major thoroughfares by creating more opportunities for pedestrians and bicyclists to safely use closed streets through Slow Street Programs.
Alicia is a respected and admired regional leader focused on issues of social equity and immigrant rights, affordable housing, transportation, and economic empowerment for all socio-economic residents of Redwood City and in our community.
Alicia Aguirre's hallmark is her diligent work, her deep compassion, and her profound connection with every segment of our community.
Her thoughtful approach, building bridges, and mentoring the next generation of leaders has been transformative and serves as model for others to emulate.
The effectiveness of a leader can be judged by their lasting impact.
By that measure, Alicia has excelled as she leaves Redwood City in a better place.