It is not just the House as a whole; the Defence Committee also was not given advance sight of the report.
Committee members were left texting journalists over the weekend to find out what was going on.
At the beginning of this Parliament, the Defence Secretary committed to the Defence Committee that he would be more open and more transparent, and reset the relationship with the Committee.
Does the Leader of the House think that the Secretary of State is living up to his commitment to be more transparent, after what has happened today?
My understanding is that we offered to brief the Chair of the Defence Committee, but I will stand corrected if that is not the case.
I hear what the hon.
Member says, and I think that across Government, Ministers, civil servants and everybody else must take their responsibilities to Select Committees incredibly seriously.
Select Committees are a very important part of accountability to this House.
I know that the Secretary of State for Defence—someone I speak to regularly—takes his responsibilities to the House incredibly seriously, and I am sure he will look forward to coming before the Committee to be questioned and scrutinised at length about the SDR and many other matters.
May I say to the right hon.
Lady, whom I have known for a little while, that normally when a Speaker upbraids the Leader of the House, the first response of the Leader of the House is to grovel and apologise?
That is standard, because she has to take it for the party that she represents in government.
I simply suggest that I am a little surprised that she did not make peace in that way with Mr Speaker.
Notwithstanding that, I say gently to the Leader of the House that it is not just a case of not having brought the review to the House.
We know now that journalists were given scrutiny of it.
When I was leader of the Conservative party, I remember that Tony Blair, as Prime Minister, offered me advance sight of documents that were a bit delicate or needed security clearance.
The Leader of the Opposition was given the opportunity to look at such documents so that they were fully informed of developments.
Was such an opportunity offered to the Leader of the Opposition or the leader of the Liberal party?
I do apologise to Mr Speaker regularly, I have to say—usually in private, but I am happy to extend that apology to him today if he has not heard me apologise.
I have the utmost respect for Mr Speaker, who I work very closely with, and I totally respect his job in upholding Back Benchers’ rights to question and scrutinise Ministers and Government policy.
That is what he is there to do, and he does it brilliantly.
I do not know what Privy Council briefings were offered to whom, but I can inquire for  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , and I will make sure that he gets a reply.
On  30 January , the Leader of the House said, “we will publish the child poverty strategy in the spring.”—[Official
Report,  30 January 2025 ; Vol. 761, c. 442.]
The Guardian broke the story on  23 May  that the child poverty strategy will not be published in the spring.
I cannot find a written statement or any indication of an oral statement regarding the delay.
Can the Leader of the House let us know whether the announcement will be made and whether the child poverty strategy will be published in the spring—it is now June, so probably not—or whether it is likely to be published in the autumn, just so the House knows?
I know this is a matter of great concern to the hon.
Lady, and something that she raises often in this House.
I will ensure that she and the House are updated on the timings for the child poverty taskforce, and that Ministers come to this House regularly to update on its progress.
As we have this knockabout, what troubles me is that the House has a very important job to do.
We are talking about the expansion of nuclear weapons—we assume, because we have not actually read the review, even though journalists, and members of the public through the newspapers, have been given briefings on this—and we wanted to analyse the review so that we could ask sensible questions.
We will be in here for this urgent question, for the next urgent question and for the statement.
When does the right hon.
Lady expect the House to get a chance to digest this 130-page report before we ask questions following the statement?
Everybody else in the country seems to have been able to do so.
I was on the Opposition Benches for many years—many more years than the right hon.
Gentleman has been—and I recognise that it is a challenge to properly scrutinise big reviews that are laid before the House not long before a statement is made.
It is the same with Budgets.
I will ensure that today is not the only opportunity, but the first of many, to question the Government about their strategic defence review, which will last for many years to come.
I know the Secretary of State will also want to ensure that as further questions emerge today, next week and in months to come, Members of this House have ample opportunity to put those questions to him.
Integrated care boards had their budgets cut by 50% via a phone call from the interim head of NHS England to ICB leaders, and that announcement was only made formal in response to a written question that I put to the  Secretary of State.
Half of NHS targets were cut without a statement in the Chamber, and although there was a statement in the Chamber on the abolition of NHS England, it has been carrying on at pace without so much as a White Paper, a Bill or any opportunity for effective parliamentary scrutiny.
Will the Leader of the House give us an opportunity to look at and scrutinise this fundamental reorganisation of the NHS, which is so far going under the radar?
Issues relating to decisions about ICBs and NHS reorganisation are regularly raised with me at business questions.
The hon.
Lady is right to say that there was a statement in the House on NHS England, and I can reveal to her—this will probably not be a surprise—that getting rid of NHS England will require primary legislation.
There will be ample time to consider those issues through the passage of that legislation, but I hear what she says.
It is not just by giving statements to the media that this Government disrespect the House.
Just before we went into recess, we had a farcical situation where the shadow Secretary of State for Education had to bring forward an urgent question asking for a written statement to be made earlier in the day.
The Government very clearly decided to make a written statement later in the day, and sent a Minister to come here, not answer hon.
Members for the whole urgent question and refuse to say what the content of the written statement was—a statement that the Government had already written and intended to publish later that day.
That was done simply to avoid scrutiny.
What representation did the Leader of the House make on that day to ensure that information was given to the House in a timely fashion so that it could be scrutinised, rather than the Government hiding away?