Is that really the best that the Leader of the House can do—an “I speak your weight” autocue recitation of points that she has made in her three previous attempts to deal with occasions when the House has been embarrassed and disregarded over the last three weeks alone?
It was a hopeless miscue of a response that bordered on a contempt of Parliament itself—yet another attempt to change the subject, blame others and distract attention from the latest fiasco.
Evidently the defence of the realm is not important enough to merit making its way up the list of priorities in the Government’s media handouts.
Lord Robertson himself, as you have said, Mr Speaker—and I am amazed that you had to intervene on the Leader of the House during her own remarks—would be ashamed and embarrassed to think that this was being done in his name.
Just three weeks ago, the Leader of the House had to be dragged to the House over the Government’s briefing on the immigration White Paper outside the House.
That came just days after they had done the same in respect of prisoner recall, the UK-US trade deal and, of course, the Chagos islands.
That followed instances involving tuition fees, planning reforms and even the fiscal rules, on which you, Mr Speaker, had to reprove and chastise the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Now we have seen the unhappy sight of the Secretary of State for Defence, no less, extensively briefing the media on the decisions to deploy airborne nuclear weapons and build the next generation of submarines, before coming to the House.
Perhaps, as I have said, they were not important enough to merit a mention beforehand.
Journalists have been able to read the strategic defence review since 10.30 am, while the Opposition were prevented from seeing the document until five minutes ago, precisely in order to avoid parliamentary scrutiny.
All this is manifestly in breach of the ministerial code, the Nolan principles and, of course, Labour’s own manifesto, demonstrating the Government’s arrogance and complacency and their disdain for the House and for democratic accountability, and this from—the clue is in the title—the Leader of the House, whose job is to protect and safeguard the House and its Members.
Unfortunately, her obvious floundering just now made the point far better than I can.
When did the Leader of the House know about these announcements, and what steps did she take to prevent the media briefings and ensure that the announcements were made to the House of Commons first?
Will she now apologise for yet another high-handed Government decision for which she alone is fully responsible, in this instance, to the House?
It is nice to see the right hon.
Gentleman in his place and respecting Parliament today—that is not always the case.
As I have said before, I believe strongly that the Government should be and have been making the most important announcements to the House when Parliament is in session.
We have made more oral statements than the previous Government did in their entire last Session—we have made 154 statements in 140 sitting days, compared with their 72 in 101 sitting days—and we have made many written statements and answered parliamentary questions.
We had the statement on Diego Garcia on the day that the deal was signed, despite difficulties with the timing.
We had a statement on the US economic deal on the day that it was signed, and the Prime Minister updated the House after the EU trade deal.
As I have said, the SDR has now been given to the Opposition and is being laid before the House.
There will be time for colleagues to scrutinise it and to question the Defence Secretary on it this afternoon.
The Government responses to the sentencing review and to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report on the women’s state pension age, as well as many other major announcements, such as the upgrade in defence spending, were all made to the House first.
I am curious to know whether the shadow Leader of the House raised these important issues with the previous Government when he was a Minister or a Back Bencher, because I remember many, many occasions when they disrespected this House, and I do not remember hearing his voice at the time.
I remember when the Procedure Committee, I and many others wanted the then Foreign Secretary, Lord Cameron, to be accountable to the House of Commons.
The previous Government did nothing about it, and I do not remember the right hon.
Gentleman saying anything about that.
I recall the then Culture Secretary announcing the end of the BBC licence fee and, separately, the privatisation of Channel 4 on Twitter, with no intention of coming to the House to explain those major policy changes.
The previous Prime Minister, on the first day of a very long recess, announced that he was scrapping the Government’s net zero targets—he did not come to the House to explain that.
He also announced the scrapping of High Speed 2 during a conference recess and never came to the House to account for it.
During covid, one of the Conservatives’ many Prime Ministers announced major changes to our way of life to the media and not to Parliament, such as the 2020 winter lockdown—he did not come here to talk about that—and the covid vaccine roll-out.
When he closed the borders and then reopened them, he announced it to the media and not to Parliament.
Let us not forget that the Supreme Court found that Parliament was illegally prorogued by the previous Government.
Do you remember when the former Prime Minister was found to have misled Parliament?
There is no greater disrespect to Parliament.
Rather than upholding the ministerial code, the previous Government ignored breaches of it time and again, with reports sitting on the Prime Minister’s desk and nothing being done about them.
We, by contrast, have strengthened the ministerial code.
[Interruption.]
The right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  laughs from a sedentary position, but we have given the independent adviser on the ministerial code the power to instigate his own investigations.
Therefore, we have strengthened it.
Not only did the previous Government disrespect Parliament; they did not have enough for Parliament to do.
They had a threadbare King’s Speech, with banning pedicabs the pinnacle of their ambition in their last year in government.
Now that they are in opposition, they seem to be carrying on the same and hardly turn up for work.
They could have used any one of their Opposition days to raise these issues, but they did not.
They have many other parliamentary devices at their disposal, and they do not use them.
They were a zombie Government, and now they are a zombie Opposition.
The next time they bring forward an urgent question, they might want to check their own record before giving us lectures.
Order.
May I thank the Leader of the House for reminding me of the mistakes of the previous Government in not coming to the Floor of the House?
I would have hoped that this Government had learned from the mistakes that have just been highlighted.
To try to defend what you criticise is not a way forward.
I am trying to ensure that Members on both sides of the House are allowed to question Ministers first, rather than watching announcements on Sky News.
It is interesting that the SDR has been offered to journalists but that the Members here have not had the chance to see it.
I agree with the Leader of the House, and I thank her again for reminding me, but let us now see the Government treat this House in the way that I expect.
Will you take a point of order now, Mr Speaker?
No, I will not, because we have to wait till the end, as you well know, Sir Roger, as one of the most senior Members.
I think my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House is right to remind us of the many breaches of this rule by Her Majesty’s Government when the Conservative party was in power.
However, in the middle of this mud-slinging, let me raise a still small voice of calm.
The current Prime Minister pledged to be more transparent, open and proper in government.
Will my right hon.
Friend go back to the Cabinet and remind it that proper scrutiny in this House first, with untrammelled questions for an hour or more at a time, is more scrutiny than the Government would get in a press conference and is the proper place to do this?
I hope she will take that message back, so that statements such as the one we are about to hear are given on the Floor of the House first.