My hon.
Friend is right; we need to ensure that the police have the powers that they need and are able to act swiftly.
We want to make it easier for them to crush bikes more quickly as well as to seize them and take them off the streets, and that requires additional neighbourhood police.
In Kent, that means an additional 65 neighbourhood police officers, and there are similar numbers for Hampshire.
Many residents in my constituency complain about motorcycle noise from illegally modified exhausts.
Can the Home Secretary inform me of her plans to help local police and local authorities address this nuisance?
The hon.
Member is right to raise this issue.
Noise and speed are used deliberately in order to harass people and intimidate local residents.
It is disgraceful antisocial behaviour, and it is really unfair on local families.
That is why we need to give the police stronger powers to clamp down on it.
Off-road bikes are often used illegally across private farmland, causing damage to crops, spooking animals and leaving farmers feeling scared and vulnerable.
While the Crime and Policing Bill includes a provision to make it easier for the police to seize vehicles associated with antisocial behaviour, Avon and Somerset police has little or no resource to police rural crimes properly.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to stop the illegal use of off-road bikes on farmland?
As well as strengthening the law, we are working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on a stronger rural crime strategy.
I can tell the hon.
Lady that Avon and Somerset police will be getting 70 additional neighbourhood police officers across the area this year as a result of the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against shop workers in rural areas.
Under the previous Government, shop theft was allowed to reach epidemic proportions.
There was a 70% increase in the last two years of the previous Government.
We are working hard to tackle this epidemic in every area of our country, including rural areas.
Through our Crime and Policing Bill, we are introducing a new stand-alone offence of assault against a retail worker.
We will not tolerate workers facing abuse and violence simply for doing their job, whether that is in towns or in rural areas.
Convenience stores are at the heart of our communities and provide employment for over 700 people in shops in North West Leicestershire, but workers often face abuse.
When I visited one of my  local shops recently, I was told that just a few days earlier the assistant manager had been punched in the face when he was just doing his job.
Although the assault had been reported, the police had yet to pay a visit.
Will the Minister share her plans to support rural policing in constituencies such as mine, so that we can tackle violence against shop workers?
May I express my concern about the attack on my hon.
Friend’s constituent?
It is totally unacceptable.
Under the retail crime action plan, the police made operational commitments to prioritising attendance where violence had been used.
Some progress has been made, but much more needs to be done.
I will ensure that every police force understands how seriously the Government take this offence.
The additional 35 police officers and 21 police community support officers who will be in place as a result of our neighbourhood policing guarantee might go some way to helping with that.
I recently visited the Huntingdon branch of Barclays bank in my rural constituency, where staff highlighted to me that although the Crime and Policing Bill will make assaulting a shop worker an offence, branch staff in banks and building societies are not included in that classification, despite the fact that they work on the high street and are subject to the same threats and intimidation as shop workers.
There were over 10,000 instances of abuse in branches last year.
What rationale can the Minister provide for excluding branch staff in banks and building societies from the protections given to retail staff, who work next to them?
A case has been made over several years for why retail workers should be covered by this specific offence.
Work was done with the Co-op, the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers and many others to get the evidence together.
If there is evidence from the financial sector and from banks, I want to see it, so I ask the hon.
Gentleman to talk to the people with whom he was having conversations about this.
I am very open to looking at this, but at the moment, we have drawn up the offence on the basis of the evidence available to us.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of creating a visa scheme for people in Gaza related to UK nationals.
I know that we are all desperately concerned about the intolerable humanitarian situation in Gaza.
The UK, along with France, Germany and many others, continues to call for an immediate ceasefire, the release of hostages and more aid into Gaza.
There are a range of routes available for those wishing to join family members in the UK, and we are working with the Israeli, Palestinian and other authorities in the region to help British nationals and other eligible people to leave Gaza via safe routes.
The situation in Gaza is beyond devastating.
More than 54,000 lives have been lost.
Hospitals are being bombed, people are being tortured and starvation is being used as a weapon of war.
Palestinians in the UK are rightly scared that they may not see their mother, father, brother or sister survive these atrocities.
The Government rightly responded to the war in Ukraine by offering a family visa scheme, so that Ukrainians could travel here to join their family.
Is it not time for a similar scheme—a Gaza family scheme that offers the same solidarity and respect for life?
The statement that we recently issued with France and Germany, calling for Israel to immediately restart a rapid and unimpeded flow of humanitarian aid to Gaza, was vital.
We still need to see so much more action being taken.
Any decision to implement a bespoke visa scheme would need to consider a range of factors, including the unique crisis situation and the relevant impacts on security, compliance and returns.
As I have said, immediate family members are able to join those in the UK using one of the existing family routes.
My constituents in Taunton have a proud record of supporting refugees; they would support refugees from Gaza, as they do those from other countries.
But charities that support refugees come to me with concerns about the asylum accommodation being allocated to the town.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the concerns about the latest allocations, on which I was not consulted, and about which I received no notification?
I will be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the incidence of fraud.
What steps she is taking to help tackle fraud.
What steps her Department is taking to help protect consumers against fraud.
We monitor fraud trends very closely.
Fraud is a growing transnational threat that requires urgent action.
That is why the Government are developing a new fraud strategy, which covers better collaboration with industry, improved public awareness and improved collaboration with international partners.
The figures were, of course, coming down, but the incidence of fraud—much of it online—is now back up to a new high.
Many factors are involved, but will the Government look at taking further steps, including requiring enhanced intelligence sharing between platforms and banks, and better mandatory user identification on sites such as dating apps and online marketplaces?
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman takes these matters seriously, but I gently remind the House that under the last Government, Lord Agnew, then Minister with responsibility for countering fraud, literally resigned at the Dispatch Box.
Among other things, he accused the Treasury of having “little interest” in the consequences of fraud for our society.
It is precisely because of the important points that the right hon.
Gentleman raises that a national fraud squad of some 400 new specialist investigators is being recruited.
That will be led by the National Crime Agency’s national economic crime centre, working closely with the City of London police.
We will do all we can to protect the public from fraud.
A study last year showed that more than two in five people over 50 had been scammed in the last five years, losing an average of £2,000 in each scam.
In half of those cases, the money was never recovered—and that is just at the small end of the scale.
Even in the past two weeks, as a result of developments in artificial intelligence, there have been exponential improvements to scams, which are more convincing and realistic than ever before.
What is the Home Office doing to protect people, especially the more vulnerable, by informing them about AI scams?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to raise concerns; the numbers that she references are deeply concerning.
Combating fraud and beating scammers requires raising public awareness, and I am grateful for the work that she has done on this.
I can tell her that the Home Office is working closely with the banking, telecoms, digital and tech sectors to improve systems and share data faster with law enforcement.
Over 60 stakeholders from across industry are involved in the development of our new fraud strategy.
Public communications, targeted support for the most vulnerable and AI are key parts of our strategy.
The Government have outlined a clear ambition to make the UK a global hub for the crypto industry, to support our growth mission.
Many of our constituents are already regularly engaging with crypto.
What assessment has the Minister made of the crypto sector, and particularly of the steps required to protect consumers and investors while ensuring that we allow the industry to develop?
Stability and security remain key to ensuring the health and growth of the UK economy; protecting investors and consumers is central to that.
We are continually evolving our capabilities, including by working closely with industry partners to ensure that security is front and centre of the UK’s framework for the crypto sector.
Facebook Marketplace is responsible for three quarters of the fraud on social media, yet it seems uninterested in doing anything about that.
Will the Minister assure the House that he will take Facebook to task, in order to clamp down on that fraud and make sure that consumers are protected?
The Online Safety Act 2023 will require tech companies to take measures to prevent fraudulent content on their platforms or face significant fines.
Under the Act, the largest firms will be required to do all they can to prevent fraudulent advertising from appearing on their platforms.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
We are already taking significant steps to make sure that violence against women and girls is treated as the national emergency that it is.
That includes launching our domestic abuse protection orders, and investing almost £20 million this year in specialist services for victims and in projects to help prevent VAWG and improve our response to it.
Later this year, we will publish our cross-Government VAWG strategy, which will set out our long-term plan to tackle the crisis.
For some families of victims, further review of release decisions can provide some solace, but it cannot do so for my constituent Doreen Soulsby.
Her daughter’s murderer was released before the Victims and Courts Bill passed through this place.
Will the Minister meet Doreen and me to discuss clause 61 of the Bill and the release of life prisoners?
Yes, of course.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I have had a strong bond with Doreen for many years.
Of course I would be delighted to meet him and her.
Research undertaken by Women for Refugee Women has found that banning work for women seeking asylum leads many women, sadly, to stay in unwanted and abusive relationships.
Will the Minister consider lifting the ban on asylum seekers working, and will she specifically include women seeking asylum in the Government’s upcoming strategy to tackle violence against women and girls?
It is well beyond my remit as safeguarding Minister to make asylum policy, but I can absolutely guarantee the hon.
Lady that migrant women and their experiences will be part of the violence against women and girls strategy; this issue has received some of the money from the recent uplift in victim services.
Working together with by-and-for services across the country, we will always take account of the experiences of all women and girls in our country.