The Home Secretary was asked a question about Lord Hermer of Chagos, as he perhaps ought to be known.
Why did she not answer it, and will she do so now?
Lord Hermer does not decide sentencing—he has a particular role as the Attorney General.
The right hon.
Gentleman, as a very experienced Member of this House, will know the way in which the system works.
For the final question, I call Harpreet Uppal.
At a recent roundtable on violence against women and girls hosted by the Mayor of West Yorkshire, we heard from local organisations that do outstanding work but are hampered by short-term funding, as well as from a brave survivor who shared her experiences.
They specifically asked for the Government to commit to strategic investment.
Will the Minister review contracts with the sector so they are multi-year and take a long-term view of service delivery and preventive work?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point that short-term funding massively hampers the sector.
The vast majority of violence against women and girls funding comes from local authorities and, in fact, other Departments, but I will absolutely commit to looking at how the Home Office manages its contracts to ensure sustainability.
Before we come to the next piece of business, I will make a brief statement.
This morning, the Government published the strategic defence review.
The Prime Minister made a speech and held a press conference in Glasgow, in addition to other media appearances.
That follows several days of media briefing.
I am disappointed that, once again, the Government appear to have breached the principle set out in paragraph 9.1 of the “Ministerial Code” that “When Parliament is in session, the most important announcements of government policy should be made in the first instance in Parliament.”
I recognise that the timing of policy announcements is not always wholly within the Government’s control.
There may be a need to co-ordinate announcements on international trade with trading partners, for example, or announcements may be delayed by last-minute legal intervention.
The announcement of the SDR, however, was wholly at the Government’s discretion, so it is highly regrettable that Ministers have chosen, once again, to hold a major media event before coming to the House.
That shows complete disregard for the House and for hon.
Members.
I note that Ministers, when they were in opposition, were not slow to complain when previous Governments made major policy announcements outside Parliament.
In fact, the SDR was due at Easter, so I am sure that a day would not have mattered.
I am not responsible for compliance with the ministerial code, which is a matter for the Prime Minister—it is the Government’s code, not the House’s code—but I regard this as a particularly blatant breach.
I have invited  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare)  to consider whether the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee might usefully inquire into the matter.
Ministers are elected as Members of Parliament first, before they get their ministerial roles, so they should recognise the importance of the House.
It is amazing that, in opposition, Members think that everything should be discussed on the Floor of the House, but when they are in government, their memories are short on that point.
I have been here through many SDRs.
In fact, in one of the major SDRs with Lord Robertson, we did not even know the effect on everybody’s constituency until it was read out from that Dispatch Box.
What has changed?
I will tell you what has changed: the disregard for Members who sit on the Back Benches.
I am here to defend those on the Back Benches, so please, I hope we have no more of this.
All I would say is that it is the Government’s ministerial code.
They should be ashamed of not enforcing it.
We now come to the urgent question.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
(Urgent question): To ask the Leader of the House if she will make a statement on Government announcements outside the House of Commons.
I hear your statement, Mr Speaker.
I responded to an urgent question on a similar matter on  14 May .
I reiterate the commitments I gave then.
The “Ministerial Code” is clear: “When Parliament is in session, the most important announcements of government policy should be made in the first instance in Parliament.”
That is an important principle that the Government stand by and uphold.
Since that last urgent question on  14 May , the Government have made a number of important oral statements to the House, on the infected blood inquiry, on the cross-Government review of sanctions implementation and enforcement, on the charging of individuals under the National Security Act 2023, and on the legal aid cyber-security incident.
The Prime Minister has updated the House on the three trade deals that we have struck in the national interest, the Foreign Secretary has updated it on Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the Justice Secretary has responded to the sentencing review, and the Defence Secretary has made a statement on the future of the Diego Garcia military base.
This afternoon, the full conclusions of the important strategic defence review will be published and laid before this House first, with a significant statement from the Defence Secretary to follow.
I am satisfied that this Government are coming to the House regularly to keep Parliament informed.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I am not satisfied, and I think that is the key.
Back Benchers on both sides should rightly hear it first.
I do not care how many announcements have been made in the House; it is those that have not been made here that we should be talking about.
As I have said, the Defence Secretary will make a statement this afternoon, and I am satisfied.
I recognise that there are times when we make a judgment on when an oral statement is needed, balancing that with the rest of the day’s business and other factors, but in nearly all instances a written statement is also made, and that is an appropriate mechanism for updating the House.
As well as making 153 oral statements during the current Session, we have made 673 written statements.
As I said before the recess, the ministerial code makes it clear that when Parliament is in session, announcements should be made to the House.
Let me gently point out that we have only just returned from the recess—as of an hour ago—and before the recess we were at pains to ensure that the House was updated on the subject of the Diego Garcia military base before it adjourned.
The Government and I take our obligations to Parliament very seriously, Mr Speaker, and I will continue to work with you and colleagues throughout the Government to make certain that important announcements are made to the House, and that Members from across the House have ample time to consider issues and ensure that the Government are scrutinised effectively.