I am sure the Sunday papers would like to thank the Government for advance sight of their upcoming statement.
I am a member of the Defence Committee and I ask the Leader of the House to acknowledge that this urgent question is actually wasting all our time.
Mr Speaker is quite right in granting it, but if procedure had been followed and we knew about the statement, we could have got on and debated the rest of the day’s business.
Does the Leader of the House agree that there are few announcements to be made in this Parliament that are as important as our defence strategy?
If we were not doing a statement today, I would agree with the hon.
Member, but we are doing a statement on the strategic defence review.
The review is 150 pages long and will be laid before the House in time for the statement, as is usual practice.
There were trails of the statement ahead of time—during recess, on the Sunday—but the full document and conclusions will be laid before this House, as I have said.
I am sorry that members of the media were given advance sight of it—as I understand, it was in a closed reading room—but publication of the report will be to this House this afternoon.
To read about our nuclear defence strategy over the weekend, ahead of the SDR, is quite alarming—just as it is to see this morning that journalists have received all the information and the Opposition still have not had sight of it.
The Leader of the House is saying that she is speaking to No. 10 and Cabinet members about the importance of this matter, but did she raise concerns over the weekend when she saw the leaks in the paper?
Some aspects of the SDR were trailed ahead of time, but not the one to which the hon.
Gentleman refers; that was not something that the Government were designing to put into the public domain over the weekend.
That is normal practice these days.
I know we all like to speak about a time when we just did things when the House was sitting, but things are sometimes given to the media ahead of time, although not the nuclear issue that the hon.
Gentleman is talking about.
We will have a further urgent question on that, and we will have the full strategic defence review statement shortly, at which he can ask the Secretary of State for Defence a question.
The Leader of the House has just told us that the document was “trailed” to journalists, but at 10.41 this morning
The Daily Telegraph published a long article in which its authors clearly set out that they had read the entire document.
At the same time, the shadow Secretary of State for Defence was refused an advance copy of it, even under Privy Counsellor rules.
Why do the Government appear to trust journalists with national security, but not the shadow Secretary of State?
As I have said in previous answers, I am sorry that members of the media were given a reading room space to look at the SDR before it was laid before the House.
That should not have been the case.
Other people have asked me about Privy Council briefings; I know which ones I have offered, and I understand that they were offered to members of the Opposition, but I will get Members the full details of who was offered Privy Council briefings and who was not.