If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
May I first pay tribute to the first responders, the police, ambulance, fire service and others who dealt with the horrific incident at the Liverpool parade, some of whom I met last week?
I know that the thoughts of the whole House will be with those who were injured and affected.
The House will also have seen the disgraceful and unacceptable small boat crossings on Saturday.
No one should be making those journeys, and criminal gangs are likely to have made millions of pounds this weekend alone.
The gangs are increasingly operating a model where boats are launched from further along the coast, and people climb in from the water, exploiting French rules that have stopped their police taking any action in the sea.
That is completely unacceptable.
The previous Government raised the issue with France for years, but to no avail, and I have raised it with the French Government since the summer.
The French Minister of the Interior, and the French Cabinet, have now agreed that their rules need to change.
A French maritime review is looking at what new operational tactics they will use, and we are urging France to complete the review and implement the changes as swiftly as possible.
This weekend I have again been in touch with the French Minister of the Interior, who supports stronger action, and further discussions are under way this week.
I will update the House in due course.
On Friday in my constituency I met the leader of Hillingdon council, which hosts 3,000 asylum seekers in Home Office accommodation—the most per capita of any local authority in the country.
He told me that the council faces a £5 million per annum funding shortfall, which is more that its entire budget for libraries and culture on supporting asylum seekers.
What plans does the Home Secretary have to ensure that local authorities are reimbursed in full for the role they play in supporting asylum seekers in this country?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, and we did inherit an unacceptable asylum backlog, including huge and unacceptable bills for asylum accommodation.
We have already brought the bills for asylum accommodation down, saving hundreds of millions of pounds, with hundreds of millions of pounds more to be saved over the course of this year.
That is a result of the action we are taking to clear the backlog that the previous Government left us with, and as part of that we are working with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government on how to co-ordinate support for local councils.
Crawley is home to the Tinsley House and Brook House immigration removal centres, and their associated scandal.
What consideration is being given to the Home Affairs Committee’s inquiry into immigration detention, including ending the use of such centres for indefinite detention?
Immigration centres are not used for indefinite detention.
We can only keep anyone in detention in an immigration centre if there is a reasonable prospect of their removal.
If there is not, they have to be released.