I join the Home Secretary in paying tribute to the people and emergency services in Liverpool.
On the Home Secretary’s watch, this year so far has been the worst in history for illegal immigrants crossing the channel.
The Government’s laughable claim to “smash the gangs” lies in tatters—they are not smashing gangs; they are smashing records.
The right hon.
Lady mentioned the French.
The French prevention rate on land is lamentably under 40%, and even those who are stopped are then released to attempt a crossing again the next day.
Although she talks about action at sea, nothing has happened whatsoever.
At the weekend we saw pictures of the French police just standing there taking photographs while illegal immigrants departed.
Does the Home Secretary agree that the recent 12-year fishing deal should be suspended until the French agree to stop those small boats at sea and prevent illegal immigration?
Let me remind the shadow Home Secretary that when he was Immigration Minister he said: “I will continue to push my French counterparts to look hard at interceptions at sea.”
Five years of Conservative government later, the French Government had not agreed to any changes at all.
This Government have reached a new agreement with France, and we are now pressing for that to be operationalised as swiftly as possible.
But we will not take lessons from a former Immigration Minister who, on his watch, let legal migration treble and small boat crossings soar more than tenfold.
Immigration is at a record level on the Home Secretary’s watch, but as usual she does not answer the question or take responsibility.
Let me try this instead: it emerged yesterday that the Attorney General, Lord Hermer, chose not to refer for a longer sentence under the unduly lenient sentencing scheme—as the Attorney General can—a man who had been given just 28 months for rape, yet Lucy Connolly got more prison time for a tasteless tweet.
Why does Lord Hermer think rape is less serious than Twitter comments?
This is two-tier justice in action.
Does this not show that Lord Hermer has appalling judgment and the Prime Minister should fire him?
The question comes from a former policing Minister under whose Government charge rates for rape and domestic abuse plummeted, while charge  rates for crime dropped substantially.
This Government support much stronger action on violence against women and girls because we recognise the serious damage that those crimes do.
Shamefully, the previous Government left us with a shocking legacy on crime, on immigration and across the board, but this Government are turning that around.
At the Home Affairs Committee, we have heard worrying evidence about unaccompanied children arriving in this country and being placed in wholly unsuitable accommodation, including staying in rooms with adult males, which presents safeguarding risks.
Clearly, there are issues about the age assessment process at the border and the responsibility of the contractors who organise the accommodation.
Will the Minister tell the House what steps the Government are taking to ensure children in this country are safe?
When people arrive and claim to be children, there are tests at the border to check whether we think they are children.
If they are accepted as children, they are put into local authority care, so they should not be in asylum accommodation at all.
If they are seen to be adults and end up in asylum accommodation, they can always make an appeal to the local authority that they are in and undergo what is known as a Merton age assessment test, which will decide on their age once and for all.
On Saturday, 1,200 illegal migrants poured into the United Kingdom by small boat.
Many gave spurious reasons to stay here, so when will the Government repeal the Human Rights Act 1998 for immigration cases and take back control of our borders?
To tackle illegal migration, we must work across borders in co-operation with other jurisdictions.
Were we to leave the European convention on human rights, we could not work with those that sign up to it.
On Saturday, residents in Westerhope told me how nuisance vehicles, illegal and modified e-bikes, off-road bikes and speeding cars are making their lives an absolute misery, and I have had similar complaints from residents in Slatyford and Newbiggin.
The chief constable of Northumbria tells me that his force has already tripled the number of vehicles impounded over the past few years, so it is keen to enforce the laws, such as they are.
Will the Minister set out how her new proposals will make life better for residents in Newcastle?