Could I be counterintuitive for a moment and make a New Labour point?
The cause of a lot of illegal migration is the fact that it is easier to work here illegally than anywhere else in Europe, and that is because we do not have national identity cards.
The Gordon Brown Government, quite wisely, were going to bring them in, and the coalition Government wrongly stopped that idea.
Why should we not have national consensus now on bringing in national identity cards, given that we all carry mobile phones?
It would dramatically reduce illegal working.
I am reeling at the New Labour point that the Father of the House has made.
E-visas basically give us the capacity to do a similar thing, and they are easily checked, which is why, in the border security Bill, we are extending those checks to the gig and zero-hours economy.
Around our asylum hotel on Blackpool seafront, we see increased illegal working in our takeaways, bars and restaurants.
Will the Minister outline to my constituents how this Government are tackling that illegal working, to ensure that we have safe spaces for people in the jobs in our vital tourism industry?
We are tackling illegal working by significantly increasing enforcement.
That is why we have had a 40% increase in visits and a 42% increase in the number of arrests for illegal working.
There are fines of £60,000 per illegal worker discovered, and those who are discovered working illegally can be arrested and put on the route to deportation.
Surely the best way to tackle illegal working is to make more legal opportunities.
The “island of strangers” immigration policy will cause huge issues for the workforce in Scotland; the care service says that it could threaten the whole sector.
Asylum seekers waiting for their case to be processed are in effect an unused resource.
Why not shorten the time that asylum seekers have to wait before being allowed to work, to bring some relief to such sectors?
We are shortening the time that it takes to process asylum claims by getting the system that we inherited from the Conservatives working again.
That is why there has been a 63% increase in the number of initial claims processed.
That follows a 70% fall in the period before the last election.
If she will establish a national statutory inquiry into rape gangs.
Child sexual exploitation and abuse are the most horrific crimes, and the Government are taking decisive action to ensure that victims and survivors of grooming gangs get the justice that they deserve.
We are delivering on the key recommendations of the seven-year independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, including the recommendation on mandatory reporting; we have asked all police forces in England and Wales to review historical cases in which no further action was taken, and to reopen investigations; and we have commissioned Baroness Louise Casey to conduct a national audit of the nature and scale of grooming gangs and this offending in this country.
We will leave no stone unturned in the pursuit of truth and justice.
Senior figures in the Catholic Church and the Church of England were found to have conspired to cover up child abuse by priests.
Senior figures in the Labour party are now opposing local inquiries in places such as Bradford, London and Wales, and Ministers here oppose a national rape inquiry.
We have also heard from a former Labour Member of Parliament, Simon Danczuk, that he was told not to raise the issue of the ethnicity of some of the perpetrators.
When will Labour put aside its electoral interests and stand on the side of the abused?
The idea that I or the Prime Minister have ever put anything other than the interests of the victims of grooming gangs at the heart of everything that we have ever worked for is, frankly, for the birds.
We have increased the number of arrests of the perpetrators that the right hon.
Gentleman talks about.
We will continue to pursue these violent, abusive, vicious abusers through the courts—through justice—and I will continue to take my counsel not from him but from the victims in this country.
Whether her proposal to increase the standard qualifying period for settlement to 10 years would apply retrospectively.
Settlement in the UK is a prerequisite for becoming a British citizen, and  it is also an important step in integrating and contributing to local communities and the country.
The White Paper proposes an expansion of the points-based system to increase the standard qualifying period for settlement to 10 years.
Individuals will have the opportunity to reduce the qualifying period based on their contributions to the UK economy and society.
We will consult on the earned settlement scheme later this year; after that we will provide details of how the scheme will work, including in respect of any transitional arrangements for those already in the UK.
Kamala moved to the UK in 2021 as a skilled worker in my Oxfordshire constituency.
They worked to discover novel drugs for diseases with no current treatment.
They are an additional rate taxpayer and have made many professional and personal ties here.
The sudden increase to the qualifying period from five to 10 years has plunged hard-working people like Kamala into uncertainty about their future.
Will the Minister meet me to understand the impact of the policy not just on workers like Kamala but on the Government’s wider science and research objectives?
The changes are indeed important.
We recognise how important they are to people and will listen to what people tell us in the consultation.
After that we will provide details of how the scheme will work, including in respect of any transitional arrangements for those already in the UK.
My constituent Emily asked me to raise this issue in the House only yesterday, so I am taking the first opportunity to do so.
Emily is a carer and has cared for a number of people across the Harlow community.
Will the consultation on the earned settlement scheme take into account the hugely important role that carers, sometimes from overseas, do to support the most vulnerable in our communities?
Indeed, carers, including those who have come from overseas, do important work to support us, our families and our communities.
My hon.
Friend will recognise that, as I have said, it is important for us to ensure that people’s voices can be heard in the consultation.
We recognise that settlement is an important step in integrating and contributing to local communities and families.
Under the current system, people primarily qualify for settlement on the basis of their length of time in the UK, but we also believe that people should be contributing to the economy and society before they gain settled status in our country.