New research shows that foreign nationals are claiming almost £1 billion in benefits each month.
We now face the highest number of asylum claims ever recorded—up another 9% since Labour took office.
Meanwhile, the 42,000 appeal backlog at the end of 2024 is projected to more than double to almost 100,000 by the end of this year.
The Home Secretary herself has admitted to the media that her White Paper would cut immigration by just 50,000.
This is utterly inadequate.
Without real deterrence and stricter measures, the visa processing delays will only worsen, so will the Minister commit to two concrete measures: implementing the previous Conservative threshold of £38,000; and introducing a legally binding annual migration cap that actually delivers accountability?
Order.
Can I just say to the shadow Minister that we have a lot of Members to get in—I want to get to Question 15 on the Order Paper—and I need her help to do so?
This is yet another example of the Opposition wanting to rewrite history.
The Conservatives quadrupled net migration to record levels.
I think the hon.
Member will want to correct herself on the immigration White Paper, which will be reducing net migration by considerably more than she suggested; the Home Secretary has said so.
The latest figures show that, since this Government came to power, almost 30,000 foreign criminals, failed asylum seekers and others with no right to be in the UK have been removed.
That includes an increase of enforced returns in the last quarter compared with the same period last year, which is a much better record than the shadow Home Secretary could achieve.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing in Bracknell Forest.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
What steps her Department is taking to improve neighbourhood policing.
We are providing £200 million across England and Wales this financial year to increase neighbourhood policing.
As part of our neighbourhood policing guarantee, every community will have named, contactable officers dedicated to addressing local issues.
Alongside that, during the course of this year we will have 3,000 additional officers and police community support officers working in neighbourhoods teams.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (Peter Swallow)  that, for Thames Valley police, that will include an extra 68 police officers on the streets this year.
Bracknell Forest has seen a spate of tool thefts recently.
Tool theft is a double whammy: traders have to fork out thousands for new tools, all while they are out of work.
I have raised this issue with Thames Valley police and the police and crime commissioner, but what more can be done through the Government’s neighbourhood policing guarantee to stamp down on this cruel crime?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right to raise that serious crime.
Honest, hard-working tradespeople in communities across the country are being robbed of their livelihoods as a result of this kind of crime.
That is why we are working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on how we target the serious and organised crime that is often behind such equipment and tool theft, and putting neighbourhood police back on the streets in communities, so they can both work on prevention and go after the criminals responsible.
Under the previous Government, the number of PCSOs more than halved in Warwickshire.
Indeed, in summer 2023, local teachers were forced to police a park in Warwick and Leamington after a knife gang terrorised pupils, stealing their bikes.
More widely, constituents are fed up with crime and antisocial behaviour; 50% say that they have been personally impacted by crime in the past five years.
Will the Home Secretary outline how the Government will address these crimes and make our streets safer for everyone?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the importance of PCSOs as well as police officers in neighbourhood teams working to prevent crime.
He is also right to raise concerns.
Over the last two years of the previous Government, both street theft and shoplifting increased by more than 60%, at the same time as neighbourhood police were cut.
We are putting the bobbies back on the beat.
This week, I will be meeting eight new community police officers who begin their roles on the beat thanks to the Government’s investment through the national policing guarantee.
Does the Home Secretary agree that investing in community policing is the best way to tackle so much of the crime that blights our communities?
Will she join me in wishing these vital officers all the best as they begin their new roles?
My hon.
Friend is right to welcome the additional neighbourhood police in Thurrock.
She will know that that is part of 74 additional neighbourhood police officers across Essex just this year, as a result of our neighbourhood policing guarantee, and we will go beyond that.
She is right, too, that local police who know what the problems are in Thurrock and across Essex are crucial to tackling local crime.
Across neighbourhoods in my Earley and Woodley constituency I have seen too many incidents of electric bikes and electric scooters being ridden dangerously, including on pavements.
Residents have told me of collisions in areas such as Woodley Precinct and Kennet Island.
I have been raising the issue with Thames Valley police, and I am very glad to hear the Home Secretary’s announcement of 68 neighbourhood officers across our  region, but what more can she and the Home Office do to support the work of the police in cracking down on dangerous riders?
My hon.
Friend is right: we need to make sure that Thames Valley has the 68 additional neighbourhood police just this year and give them the powers they need.
That is why we are strengthening the Crime and Policing Bill both on dangerous cycling and dangerous riding, and giving the police stronger powers to take e-scooters and off-road bikes literally off the roads.
I recently met the chief constable of West Mercia to discuss neighbourhood policing.
The West Mercia area covers Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Shropshire, and the word is that the integrated care board reorganisation will split that area into one that covers Warwickshire and one that covers some of Shropshire.
I have had a letter from the police and crime commissioner citing the chief constable’s concerns that amid that reorganisation and the local government reorganisation, safeguarding the most vulnerable and children could fall between the cracks.
Will the Home Secretary have a word with her Cabinet colleagues to ensure that does not happen?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point, because having links between local services is crucial.
We will ensure that the Home Office looks into and takes up the points she raises, so we can ensure strong local partnerships working to tackle crime.
Last week, I visited many retail businesses in North Devon that are suffering from prolific shoplifting.
This is a big problem across the country.
Will the Home Secretary explain what she is doing to help police forces resource the tackling of shoplifting and dealing with antisocial behaviour?
The hon.
Member is right.
There has been an increase in shoplifting in recent years, at the same time as neighbourhood policing numbers have fallen.
As a result of the neighbourhood policing guarantee, there will be 110 additional neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs in Devon and Cornwall police over the next 12 months.
That is important, but we are also strengthening their powers to tackle shoplifting.
Will the Home Secretary acknowledge the role that special constables play in neighbourhood policing, and does she agree that granting special constables the right to unpaid time from their employment to perform their duties would assist in their recruitment?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point about the role of specials.
We want them to be able to play a much stronger role, not just in neighbourhood policing but across the board.
People who take time out to be part of police forces can bring all kinds of additional skills.
We are working on what more can be done to support specials and their recruitment, which has plummeted in recent years.
It is important that that trend is turned around.
In North Ascot, neighbourhood police have been out on the streets trying to clamp down on pavement parking, which forces disabled and vulnerable people on to the roads and into dangerous situations.
Will the Home Secretary outline what more could be done to help neighbourhood police when it comes to pavement parking?
The hon.
Member will know that neighbourhood police understand the challenges in each area, whether it be in North Ascot or other parts of the country, and local police can target those issues and work with local councils.
There are different rules for different councils, so combined work between the council and the police is the best way to tackle local crime.