Since taking office almost a year ago, the Home Secretary has spectacularly failed to put a cap on illegal immigration or a deterrent in place, and this weekend’s record number of boat crossings demonstrates that she has clearly completely failed to take control of our borders.
What can she say in all honesty to my constituents about her plan, because clearly it is not working?
Given that the right hon.
Member was a member of the previous Government, her question might be rather more plausible if she apologised for the 100-fold increase in small boat crossings under her Government’s watch and for the quadrupling of net migration as a result of the policies that she supported in government.
If she wants to support stronger action against illegal migration and the gangs that are organising it, why will she not support the counter-terrorism powers that this Government are putting in place to go after them?
In the light of the ban on disposable vapes, which came into force this week, will the Minister outline the measures being taken to step up the work at ports, including at East Midlands airport, to prevent counterfeit and banned vapes from being imported into the country?
While Border Force does not routinely disclose information of a port-specific nature, in the calendar year of 2024 it seized approximately 300,000 e-cigarettes and vapes at the UK border.
Border Force has a robust approach to seizures, based on intelligence received from its partners.
I know that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue previously, and I am very happy to meet with her to discuss it.
In my constituency, we have seen the parks police slashed from Bushy Park and rates of theft and knife crimes soaring.
The Metropolitan Police Commissioner warned last week that the Home Secretary will not meet her laudable targets on neighbourhood policing, tackling knife crime and tackling violence against women and girls without additional investment.
Can she reassure my constituents that they will see the bobbies on the beat that she has promised, or will they see only the Chancellor’s iron fist?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that more than 400 additional neighbourhood police officers will be on the streets in London this year as a result of our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
There is increasing concern in my constituency that a number of Deliveroo riders are subcontracting to unregistered riders, some of whom are working illegally.
Will the Minister say what is being done to crack down and ensure that all Deliveroo riders are registered and are not here working illegally?
There is an amendment to the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill that extends the requirement to check illegal working to the  gig economy, the zero-hours economy and all those areas that have non-traditional employer-employee relationships.
I look forward to being able to operationalise that when the Bill becomes law.
Regarding non-crime hate incidents and the amount of police time taken to investigate them, does the Minister agree that the clue is in the name?
They are “non-crime”.
Does she also agree that already stretched police should focus their efforts on tackling real crime, rather than being the virtue-signalling thought police?
The Home Secretary has been very clear about the priorities that police forces should actually focus on.
As agreed with the Home Secretary, the National Police Chiefs’ Council and the College of Policing are conducting a review of non-crime hate incidents.
We will update Parliament in due course on the findings of that review and any changes that may be required to the code of practice introduced by the shadow Home Secretary in March 2023.
Doncaster East’s neighbourhood policing team recently seized multiple stolen offroad bikes using tactics including drones and high-visibility patrols.
Its swift action has made a real difference in tackling antisocial behaviour in places such as Hatfield and Dunscroft.
I commend the team on its work and the public support it has received through its “Where’s the bike” campaign.
In the light of that, I ask the Minister about the progress around the neighbourhood policing guarantee and when Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme can see named police officers in their towns— Order.