From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ASSYRIAN COMMUNITY IN CALIFORNIA'S CENTRAL VALLEY

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Assyrian

community in the Central Valley of California.
In particular,

Stanislaus County has had a long history of Assyrians seeking refuge

from religious persecution and genocide in their ancestral homelands

known as Mesopotamia.
This vibrant and thriving community is determined

to preserve the language, heritage, culture, and their identity as

Christians.
Over fifty thousand Assyrian Americans call Stanislaus County home.
The 10th Anniversary of the Assyrian Festival hosted by the Assyrian

Church of the East local parishes bring thousands of visitors to the

Turlock Fairgrounds to celebrate the rich heritage, cuisine, and

traditional dances of the Assyrian culture.
The Assyrian language,

heritage, and culture form the bedrock of Assyrian communities in the

Central Valley, which anchors them in traditions that span millennia

while also acting as guiding lights that propel them successfully

forward while preserving their unique narrative.
In addition, the

Assyrian Church of the East's most ancient faith dating back to the

first century of Christianity offers this community spiritual

nourishment.
This heritage instills pride, and the language and culture

fosters unity.
Together, they empower the Assyrian people worldwide to

preserve the rich legacy and advance as a vibrant community, forging

connections across generations and continents, ensurIng their enduring

presence in the tapestry of humanity.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the House to join me

in proudly recognizing the Assyrian community in the Central Valley of

California for its invaluable contributions to our Nation's history,

culture, and prosperity as we celebrate the 10th Anniversary of the

Assyrian Festival this month.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF THE THOMPSON FAMILY FOUNDATION

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of the

Thompson Family Foundation for Autism and Neurodevelopment, which

supports families with loved ones who have autism and other

neurodevelopment conditions.
Their multifaceted approach raises

awareness, advances public policy, and spearheads philanthropic efforts

for this amazing cause.
The Thompson Foundation partners actively with the Lestonnac Free

Clinic, located in the heart of Orange.
The Lestonnac Clinic shares the

same philanthropic vision as the Thompson Foundation, and their

contributions have

positively impacted the health and well-being of many of our low-income

residents.
Since the Foundation's inception nearly two decades ago, founders

Billy and Nancy Thompson have fostered an environment that places

families and their concerns first.
To date, the Thompson Family

Foundation has helped conduct over 5,000 autism spectrum disorder

diagnostic evaluations through the Thompson Center for Autism &

Neurodevelopment at the University of Missouri.
In addition, the foundation contrIbutes equipment, like that used for

cardiac and vision screening, and has recently led the expansion of

patient examination rooms at the Lestonnac Clinic.
The Foundation is

currently funding efforts to open the Nation's first dedicated free

surgery center, which would allow uninsured community members to

receive non-life-threatening surgery procedures, like hernia repairs or

colonoscopies, that are often neglected.
Providing quality health services to our community is critical--and

through the Thompson Family's involvement and leadership, the Lestonnac

Clinic will be able to continue providing essential preventative care

to their patients.
I'd like to thank Billy and Nancy, important leaders in our Orange

County community who have demonstrated their commitment to caring for

our children and families.
The work of the Thompson Family Foundation

continues to be an important cornerstone of support for healthcare

services to our district's low-income and uninsured residents, and I

join our community in thanking them for the great work they do.