He underwent treatment and surgery but passed away on

August 17, 2024, after being admitted to hospice care.
Chuck's passing leaves behind his beloved wife Cate, and two

children, Kevin and Ciara who now face life without him.
His sacrifice

is a solemn reminder of the lasting impact of dedicated service in the

face of tragedy.
As we remember Charles ``Chuck'' Priore we grieve the

loss of a beloved friend and dedicated public servant and find solace

in knowing that his legacy lives on.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

EXPRESSING APPRECIATION FOR CONSTITUTION DAY

HON.
RUSSELL FRY

Mr. FRY.
Mr. Speaker, Constitution Day is a time set aside to

commemorate the signing of the Constitution of the United States of

America--the most important document in our Nation's history.
In 1787, the thirty-nine men that convened in Philadelphia,

Pennsylvania, forever altered history when they formed the supreme law

of our land--written by the people, for the people.
Through times of prosperity and times of hardship, our constitution

has never wavered.
Let this Constitution Day remind us of the liberty, justice, and

freedom for all--and the never-ending pursuit of a more perfect union.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING AMIT ELOR

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

congratulate Amit Elor for making history as the youngest American

wrestler to earn an Olympic gold medal.
Amit was born and raised in Walnut Creek, California and had been

wrestling since age four.
From a very young age, Amit has exemplified

her astonishing skill and unwavering dedication to the sport.
She

attended College Park High School in Pleasant Hill, California where

she earned the California high school state title in folkstyle

wrestling.
By the age of eighteen, Amit had won senior, U23, and U20

world titles in the span of just three months, making her the youngest

U.S. senior world champion in any discipline or gender.
Amit retained

these titles in 2023, making her the

only wrestler to win three titles two years in a row.
In August, Amit won an Olympic gold medal in the women's freestyle

68kg wrestling event.
This historic victory made Amit the youngest

wrestler from Team USA to ever win gold.
Since 2019, Amit has

accumulated 42 wins and outscored her opponents 375-19.
We are eager to

see her make history again in the 2028 Los Angeles Olympics.
Our community is beyond proud of Amit and it has been a delight to

root for her during this year's Paris Olympics alongside California's

10th Congressional District.
Please join me in congratulating Amit on

her incredible accomplishments and the many more to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EDWARD D. PETTITT, SR.
HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor and remember the

extraordinary life of Edward ``Ed'' D. Pettitt, Sr.
Born on June 27,

1961, in Newfane, NY.
Ed was a man of deep conviction and unwavering

principles.
Raised on his family's farm, Ed's early years were steeped

in the values of hard work, independence, and a deep connection to the

land.
He was the beloved son of George and Marion Pettitt, who

instilled in him a commitment to family and community that would guide

him throughout his life,

A brilliant student, Ed graduated as valedictorian from Newfane High

School in 1980.
He then attended the State University of New York at

Buffalo, where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Mechanical

Engineering, graduating magna cum laude in 1986.
His love of learning

led him to further his education, obtaining a Master of Science in

1998, followed by a second Master's in Creative Studies from SUNY

College at Buffalo in 2002.
Ed's professional career was marked by innovation and excellence.