3 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine current and future VA budget

challenges, focusing on providing for veterans.
SEPTEMBER 19

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Oceans, Fisheries, Climate Change, and

Manufacturing

To hold hearings to examine Coast Guard drug interdiction

and enforcement in the maritime environment.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine fusion energy technology

development and commercialization efforts.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider an original resolution

directing the Senate Legal Counsel to bring a civil

action to enforce a subpoena of the Committee on

Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate,

an original resolution authorizing the President of the

Senate to certify the report of the Committee on

Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate

regarding the refusal of Dr. Ralph de la Torre to

appear and testify before the Committee, and other

pending calendar business.
Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1306, to reauthorize the

COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, S. 2220, to amend title

35, United States Code, to invest in inventors in the

United States, maintain the United States as the

leading innovation economy in the world, and protect

the property rights of the inventors that grow the

economy of the United States, S. 2140, to amend title

35, United States Code, to address matters relating to

patent subject matter eligibility, S. 4713, to amend

chapter 11 of title 35, United States Code, to require

the voluntary collection of demographic information for

patent inventors, S. 2082, to make technical

corrections relating to the Justice Against Sponsors of

Terrorism Act, and the nominations of Ryan Young Park,

of North Carolina, to be United States Circuit Judge

for the Fourth Circuit, Byron B. Conway, to be United

States District Judge for the Eastern District of

Wisconsin, Jonathan E. Hawley, to be United States

District Judge for the Central District of Illinois,

April M. Perry, to be United States District Judge for

the Northern District of Illinois, Gail A. Weilheimer,

to be United States District Judge for the Eastern

District of Pennsylvania, and Joseph R. Adams, to be

United States Marshal for the Northern District of West

Virginia, David L. Lemmon II, to be United States

Marshal for the Southern District of West Virginia, and

Bobby Jack Woods, to be United States Marshal for the

Eastern District of Kentucky, all of the Department of

Justice.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine how scammers are stealing

from older adults, focusing on fighting fraud.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of John W.

McIntyre, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of

Eswatini, Jeremey Neitzke, of Illinois, to be

Ambassador to the Kingdom of

Lesotho, Abigail L. Dressel, of Connecticut, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, and to serve

concurrently and without additional compensation as

Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and

Principe, James Holtsnider, of Iowa, to be Ambassador

to the Independent State of Samoa, Brian K. Stimmler,

of Nebraska, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic,

and Amanda S. Jacobsen, of Washington, to be Ambassador

to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, all of the

Department of State.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.