But already, we have also witnessed sham elections, most

notably in Bangladesh, Belarus, Venezuela and Russia, where the

incumbent regimes suppressed political opposition and manipulated the

electoral process.
Free and fair elections are the cornerstone of democracy and the

foundation of a free society.
Yet, far too many dictators, budding

autocrats and monarchists of the world have undermined the will of the

people, using coups d'etat and electoral autocracy to stifle democratic

voices.
According to Freedom House, a leading American organization

devoted to the support and defense of democracy around the world, in

2023, political rights and civil liberties were diminished in 52

countries, while just 21 countries made improvements.
In June, I met Dr. Amir Khasru Chowdhury, a leader in the opposition

Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP).
Dr. Chowdhury was arrested on

dubious charges three months before Bangladesh's January 2024

elections.
He languished in prison for six months until the Bangladeshi

government, then controlled by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina,

conveniently released him two months after ballots had been cast.
Dr.

Chowdhury was not alone in his politically motivated imprisonment; his

was one of nearly 8,000 arrests of BNP leaders and political

dissidents.
But despite the government's sinister ploy to subvert the

electoral process, Dr. Chowdhury and the other jailed Bangladeshi

dissidents were vindicated, and their cause ultimately prevailed.
After

a historic youth-led movement to end Prime Minister Hasina's despotic

reign, the Bangladeshi people have earned the right to redirect their

future.
It's now time for the international community to support the

fundamental principles of democratic governance in Bangladesh.
Meantime in Hong Kong, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) continues to

erode the city's political independence.
In July, a Hong Kong court

taken over by the CCP denied a request to resume the trial of pro-

democracy activist Jimmy Lai.
The case prosecuting Mr. Lai for what is

essentially a ``thought crime'' lays bare the CCP's authoritarian

takeover of the once-free Hong Kong.
I was proud to adopt Jimmy Lai as

a prisoner of conscience through the Tom Lantos Human Rights

Commission's Defending Freedoms Project and will continue to

passionately advocate for his release.
Jimmy Lai is not the only prisoner of conscience detained by an

autocratic regime.
In July, I wrote a letter to President Biden and

Secretary Blinken urging the administration to demand the release of

those wrongfully imprisoned in Saudi Arabia for exercising their basic

human rights.
Thousands of courageous activists, journalists, religious

clerics, and human rights defenders have been silenced for simply

speaking out about their dreams for democracy--such as their desire to

move freely, speak openly and wear whatever they choose.
In response to

their impassioned advocacy, the repressive Saudi Arabian regime has

unjustly imprisoned critical voices, issued violent threats, and

imposed severe travel bans.
This draconian reign of terror must end

immediately.
The governments of Bahrain, Turkey, Belarus and numerous other

nations are also holding prisoners of conscience hostage to suppress

the voices of their fellow citizens.
Our foreign policy must not

overlook these human rights violations, be it governments' subversion

of electoral processes, obstruction of justice, or the crushing of

dissent.
I invite my colleagues to use their various platforms to

support prisoners of conscience everywhere to tell their stories in the

pursuit of justice.
Joining the Defending Freedoms Project is one

excellent avenue to do so.
In 1835, Alexis de Tocqueville wrote that democracy and voting rights

could shrink and shrivel away or grow and expand.
Today, our world is

embroiled in a period of democratic backsliding.
In reverence to the

International Day of Democracy, I'm asking each of my colleagues to

join me in boldly advocating for democracy and freedom across the

world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ASSYRIAN COMMUNITY IN CALIFORNIA'S CENTRAL VALLEY

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Assyrian

community in the Central Valley of California.