Wolfgang Kyle Weninger Post Office Building'',

H.R. 5712, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 220 Fremont Street in

Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper Trevor J. Casper Post

Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to designate the facility

of the United States Postal Service located at 517

Seagaze Drive in Oceanside, California, as the

``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post Office Building'', H.R.

6073, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at 9925 Bustleton Avenue in

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ``Sergeant

Christopher David Fitzgerald Post Office Building'',

H.R. 6651, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd Street in

Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth E. Murphy

Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to designate the

facility of the United States Postal Service located at

333 West Broadway in Anaheim, California, as the ``Dr.

William I. `Bill' Kott Post Office Building'', H.R.

7199, to designate the facility of the United States

Postal Service located at S74w16860 Janesville Road, in

Muskego, Wisconsin, as the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg

Post Office'', H.R. 7423, to designate the facility of

the United States Postal Service located at 103

Benedette Street in Rayville, Louisiana, as the ``Luke

Letlow Post Office Building'', and the nominations of

Sherri Malloy Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin

Camille Johnston, Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong

Truong, each to be an Associate Judge of the Superior

Court of the District of Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of

South Dakota, and Ashley Jay Elizabeth Poling, of North

Carolina, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal

Regulatory Commission, and Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez,

and Joseph Russell Palmore, both to be an Associate

Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals.
Committee on Indian Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 2695, to amend the Indian

Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements

in public safety services to Indian communities, S.

3857, to take certain land in the State of California

into trust for the benefit of the Jamul Indian Village

of California, S. 4442, to amend the Crow Tribe Water

Rights Settlement Act of 2010 to make improvements to

that Act, and S. 4505, to approve the settlement of

water rights claims of Ohkay Owingeh in the Rio Chama

Stream System, to restore the Bosque on Pueblo Land in

the State of New Mexico; to be immediately followed by

a hearing to examine the nomination of Patrice H.

Kunesh, of Minnesota, to be Chairman of the National

Indian Gaming Commission.
2 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

Subcommittee on Food and Nutrition, Specialty Crops,

Organics, and Research

To hold hearings to examine keeping kids learning in the

National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast

Program.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine the macroeconomic impacts of

potential tax reform in 2025.
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine Russia's imperial identity.
2358C-RHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine streamlining and coordinating

support for rural small businesses.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine foreign threats to elections

in 2024, focusing on roles and responsibilities of U.S.

tech providers.
3 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine current and future VA budget

challenges, focusing on providing for veterans.
SEPTEMBER 19

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Oceans, Fisheries, Climate Change, and

Manufacturing

To hold hearings to examine Coast Guard drug interdiction

and enforcement in the maritime environment.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine fusion energy technology

development and commercialization efforts.