What would have been

a large development is now public land enjoyed by thousands of visitors

every year in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
Known fondly as

``the nature doctor'' and ``the doctor with mud on his shoes,'' Marty

is survived by his wife, Joyce Griffin; daughters Linda Henke, Anne

Oliver, Carol Griffin and Joanie Griffin; stepson Brian Nielsen; and

five grandchildren.
He is predeceased by his granddaughter, Gina Marin

Monaco, who passed in 1998 at age 15 from leukemia.
Mr. Speaker, Martin Griffin was an innovative leader who never shied

from an opportunity to advocate for our environment and the health of

future generations.
It was my privilege to know Marty and consider him

a friend.
His legacy in Marin County, California, and beyond cannot be

understated.
I respectfully ask that you join me in expressing my

appreciation for his lifetime of good work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF THOMAS CARE REED

HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with Congressman Mike Thompson to

honor Thomas Care Reed, who passed away at the age of 89 on February

11, 2024, and his extensive public service to the United States and

local Sonoma County community.
Mr. Reed served as the 11th Secretary of

the United States Air Force and was a dedicated public servant to three

former Presidents.
Mr. Reed was born in New York City, NY in 1934.
His military career

began as a member of Cornell's Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps

program.
He graduated with a Bachelor of Science in mechanical

engineering as Cadet Colonel, the highest-ranking officer in his class.
Shortly thereafter, he was commissioned as Second Lieutenant in the Air

Force.
Mr. Reed served until 1959, ending his active-duty career as

Technical Project Manager for the Minuteman Re-Entry Vehicle System

with the Air Force's Ballistic Missile Division.
While enlisted in the Air Force, Mr. Reed simultaneously attended the

University of Southern California where he completed his Master's

Degree in electrical engineering.
He later moved to the Bay Area where

he was stationed at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory as a chief

strategist working to develop new thermonuclear weapons systems.
This

work contributed to the end of the Cold War and launched his political

career.
As one of the key scientific minds behind the invention of

thermonuclear devices being tested in the Pacific Ocean during the

early 1960s, Mr. Reed earned the respect of his peers including

Manhattan Project member Edward Teller.
In 1973, he was appointed as

Assistant to the Secretary of Defense.
Just a few years later, under

President Gerald Ford's administration, Mr. Reed was named Secretary of

the Air Force, a post he held until the beginning of President Carter's

term in 1977.
Throughout his life, Mr. Reed held many passions including writing

and winemaking.
What started as a small hobby growing wine grapes in

Sonoma County's Alexander Valley would eventually transform into the

renowned Clos du Bois Winery, which by the late 1980s, would sell more

than 200,000 cases of wine per year.
Mr. Reed is survived by his wife, Kay, his daughter, Carolyn Reed

Ellis, his sons, Gordon Reed and Andrew Reed, and six grandchildren.
While his patriotism and military service were instrumental in

deterring the Soviet Union from deploying nuclear devices during the

Cold War, Mr. Reed will also be remembered as a loving husband, father,

and grandfather.
Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that Thomas Reed was a dedicated

public servant who will be missed and whose many contributions to the

Sonoma County region and Nation are worthy of commendation.
Therefore,

it is fitting and proper that we honor his many contributions and

express our deep condolences to his family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FOREST LEGACY MANAGEMENT FLEXIBILITY ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.