Providing quality health services to our community is critical--and

through the Thompson Family's involvement and leadership, the Lestonnac

Clinic will be able to continue providing essential preventative care

to their patients.
I'd like to thank Billy and Nancy, important leaders in our Orange

County community who have demonstrated their commitment to caring for

our children and families.
The work of the Thompson Family Foundation

continues to be an important cornerstone of support for healthcare

services to our district's low-income and uninsured residents, and I

join our community in thanking them for the great work they do.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, September 17, 2024 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 18

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine aviation cybersecurity

threats.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine America's regional

commissions, focusing on sharing best practices in

regional and economic development.