Therefore,

it is fitting and proper that we honor his many contributions and

express our deep condolences to his family and friends.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE FOREST LEGACY MANAGEMENT FLEXIBILITY ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the ``Forest Legacy

Management Flexibility Act.''
I thank my colleagues, Representatives

Jared Huffman (D-CA), Jim Costa (D-CA), Ann M. Kuster (D-NH), and

Suzanne Bonamici (D-OR) for cosponsoring my House bill.
As the former Deputy Secretary of the Interior, I know our national

conservation goals cannot be achieved through public land ownership

alone.
The federal and state governments can and must work with private

landowners who want to do their part to conserve America's natural

landscapes, as my family did for our cattle ranch in 1998.
This Act

would unlock billions in federal funding to help states conserve

working forestlands, create local jobs, and support sustainable forest

management practices that reduce wildfire risk.
The ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act'' would allow States

to choose to designate accredited, nonprofit land trusts to hold

conservation easements purchased with federal funding under the U.S.

Forest Service's Forest Legacy Program.
Current law requires that only

the federal or state governments can hold conservation easements

purchased under the Forest Legacy Program.
Allowing States participating in the federal Forest Legacy Program

the flexibility to partner with accredited, nonprofit land trusts will

help permanently conserve more land by working with private landowners

who want to have their land conserved but are wary of selling the

federal or state governments an easement on their property.
Expanding

opportunities to conserve working forestlands will benefit our rural

economies and encourage sustainable forest management practices that

help prevent wildfires.
This Act maintains the integrity of the Forest Legacy Program by

holding all accredited, nonprofit land trusts participating in the

Program to the highest possible standards.
In addition, it implements

safeguards to prevent misuse of the Program and allows the U.S. Forest

Service or State to reclaim easements if a land trust falls into

noncompliance with the Program.
We will need every tool in the toolbox to advance the Biden-Harris

Administration's ``America the Beautiful'' National Conservation Goal

to conserve at least 30 percent of the lands and waters in the United

States by 2030 and Governor Newsom's similar conservation goal for the

State of California.
This Act takes a critical step towards meeting

these goals and protecting our country's natural resources and forests

for future generations.
The ``Forest Legacy Management Flexibility Act'' would unlock new

opportunities and funding for permanent land conservation.
My

colleagues and I are honored to introduce this legislation to preserve

America's working forests and bolster our rural economies.
Mr. Speaker,

I encourage all members to join us in cosponsoring this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING INTERNATIONAL DAY OF DEMOCRACY 2024

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the

International Day of Democracy, which was Sunday, September 15.
This

day is an opportunity to promote the principles of democracy and

freedom against an alarming resurgence of authoritarianism and

fanaticism across the globe.
The enemies of freedom seek to destabilize and destroy the

constitutional democracies.
It is estimated that in 2024 alone, two billion people across 64

countries will have exercised their right to self-determination at the

ballot box.
But already, we have also witnessed sham elections, most

notably in Bangladesh, Belarus, Venezuela and Russia, where the

incumbent regimes suppressed political opposition and manipulated the

electoral process.
Free and fair elections are the cornerstone of democracy and the

foundation of a free society.
Yet, far too many dictators, budding

autocrats and monarchists of the world have undermined the will of the

people, using coups d'etat and electoral autocracy to stifle democratic

voices.