Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine how scammers are stealing

from older adults, focusing on fighting fraud.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of John W.

McIntyre, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of

Eswatini, Jeremey Neitzke, of Illinois, to be

Ambassador to the Kingdom of

Lesotho, Abigail L. Dressel, of Connecticut, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Angola, and to serve

concurrently and without additional compensation as

Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and

Principe, James Holtsnider, of Iowa, to be Ambassador

to the Independent State of Samoa, Brian K. Stimmler,

of Nebraska, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic,

and Amanda S. Jacobsen, of Washington, to be Ambassador

to the Republic of Equatorial Guinea, all of the

Department of State.
SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.
SEPTEMBER 25

10 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 4425, to support

democracy and the rule of law in Georgia, H.R. 8282, to

impose sanctions with respect to the International

Criminal Court engaged in any effort to investigate,

arrest, detain, or prosecute any protected person of

the United States and its allies, and the nominations

of Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of Florida, to be

Representative of the United States on the Executive

Board of the World Health Organization, Kristen Sarri,

of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and

International Environmental and Scientific Affairs,

John N. Nkengasong, of Georgia, to be Ambassador-At-

Large for Global Health Security and Diplomacy,

Elizabeth K. Horst, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to

the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, Troy

Fitrell, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic

of Seychelles, Kelly Adams-Smith, of New Jersey, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Juan Carlos

Iturregui, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the

Dominican Republic, Jennifer D. Gavito, of Colorado, to

be Ambassador to the State of Libya, Tracey Ann

Jacobson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic

of Iraq, Joshua M. Harris, of Maryland, to be

Ambassador to the People's Democratic Republic of

Algeria, and Peter W. Lord, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve

concurrently and without additional compensation as

Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, all of the

Department of State.
S-116

2 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine FAA oversight of Boeing's

broken safety culture.