He was a loving

grandfather to five grandchildren, with whom he shared his love of the

outdoors, including fishing, camping, kayaking, and farming.
Edward D. Pettitt, Sr.
will be remembered as a man of integrity, a

fierce defender of constitutional rights, and a tireless advdcate for

rural communities.
His legacy lives on through his family, his

community, and the many lives he touched with his unwavering commitment

to freedom, justice, and the principles upon which this Nation was

founded.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF LOYAL MARTIN (MARTY) GRIFFIN, JR.
HON.
JARED HUFFMAN

Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Loyal Martin (Marty)

Griffin Jr., MD, MPH who passed away on May 22, 2024, at the age of

103.
Marty was a trailblazing environmental leader, renowned for his

early focus on the intersectionality of healthcare and the environment.
He made profound impacts on both fields.
Born in 1920 and raised in a mountain cabin along the Ogden River in

Utah, Marty developed an appreciation of nature at an early age.
His

family moved to the West Coast during the Depression, eventually

settling in Oakland, California where Marty was an Eagle Scout and the

valedictorian of Oakland Technical High School.
He earned a zoology

degree from the University of California, Berkeley in 1942 and worked

night shifts in the Richmond shipyards to afford Standford Medical

School.
After receiving his medical degree in 1946, Marty joined the

United States Army Medical Corps and served as a captain during the end

of World War II.
Marty's career in the medical profession quickly expanded to include

environmental work, as he recognized the convergence of these two

fields and their relationship to public health.
He became a

distinguished physician in Marin County, establishing the Ross Valley

Clinic, Ross General Hospital, Tamalpais Retirement Center, and

Kentfield Psychiatric Hospital.
He also served as Chief of Medicine at

both Marin General and Ross Hospitals.
Marty returned to the University of California, Berkeley in 1972

where he earned a master's degree in public health and subsequently

became the Public Health Director of the Sonoma Developmental Center, a

position he held for 15 years.
In 1980, he was appointed Chief of the

Hepatitis B, and later AIDS, Task Force for 11 state hospitals.
In

1989, he received the Gold Medal for Superior Medical Accomplishment

from the State of California.
Marty's passion for land preservation and environmental education

extended beyond his professional career.
In 1961, he founded Audubon

Canyon Ranch, which now includes 5,000 acres of wildlife sanctuaries

throughout the Bay Area and Sonoma County and is a model of

conservation education.
This land created the ``gateway'' to the Point

Reyes National Seashore and Golden Gate National Recreation Area that

were later established in 1962 and 1972.
Marty also cofounded the

Environmental Forum of Marin, and he served as an elected official as a

director of the Marin Municipal Water District.
He created a model for

watershed management plans through his founding of the Russian River

Task Farce, Friends of the Russian River, and the Russian River

Environmental Forum.
Beyond California, Marty helped establish a

20,000-acre preserve in Haleakala National Park and participated in

wildlife efforts in Nepal.
Marty's lifetime of work inspired many, including the documentarians

Nancy Kelly and Kenji Yamamoto who, in 2013, created the film Rebels

with a Cause, detailing his and other local conservationists' fight to

stop development along the Marin County coastline.
What would have been

a large development is now public land enjoyed by thousands of visitors

every year in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
Known fondly as

``the nature doctor'' and ``the doctor with mud on his shoes,'' Marty

is survived by his wife, Joyce Griffin; daughters Linda Henke, Anne

Oliver, Carol Griffin and Joanie Griffin; stepson Brian Nielsen; and

five grandchildren.
He is predeceased by his granddaughter, Gina Marin

Monaco, who passed in 1998 at age 15 from leukemia.