Title: COMMEMORATING THE CAREER OF ROBERT T. SCOTT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
143

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE CAREER OF ROBERT T. SCOTT

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Mr. Robert T.

Scott as he is bestowed the prestigious title of President Emeritus of

St. Joseph's Collegiate Institute.
Mr. Scott began his career as a religion teacher at St. Joseph's

Collegiate Institute in 1971.
Over time, he served as a social studies

teacher, vice principal, principal, and then president.
In 2001, Mr.

Scott earned his Letters of Affiliation, the highest honor bestowed by

the Institute of Brothers of Christian Schools, the religious order

that founded St. Joseph's Collegiate Institute in 1861.
Scott retired

in 2017 after a tremendous 48-year career at the all-boys high school

Throughout his career, Mr. Scott has exemplified the mission of St.

Joseph's Collegiate Institute, to transform the lives of students from

diverse backgrounds through academic excellence and care for the whole

person in a respectful, Lasallian Catholic community, developing each

student's unique talents in preparation for college and life.
The

students that Mr. Scott impacted throughout his tenure have excelled in

their personal and professional lives in large part due to the

mentorship and dedication of Mr. Scott.
Today, Mr. Scott continues to inspire all who know him, sharing his

compassion and dedication to his family, friends, country, and faith.
Please join me in congratulating Mr. Robert T. Scott on an inspiring

career in education, and the continuation of his commitment to

education and the Lasallian tradition as President Emeritus of St.

Joseph's Collegiate Institute,

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF CHARLES PRIORE

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the life and legacy

of a fallen hero and pillar of the Western New York community--Charles

``Chuck'' Priore.
Born in Buffalo, New York on December 15, 1975, Chuck was the

youngest of three boys born to Charley and Laurie Priore.
After

graduating from Bishop Timon High School in 1994, Chuck entered the

workforce and ultimately landed a job as a hazardous materials

specialist with EarthTech.
While working for EarthTech, Chuck traveled throughout the Midwest

and Mid-Atlantic.
In the weeks leading up to the September 11th terror

attacks, Chuck and his co-workers were assigned to a job in Queens.
When the attacks occurred, his team was redirected from their job site

to the World Trade Center where they worked in 24-hour continuous

shifts cleaning up debris from the fallen towers.
His life and the

lives of his future wife and children were forever changed by the time

he spent doing his job, serving his country, and answering the call in

the days following the attacks.
In the months following, Chuck returned home to Buffalo and joined

Laborers' Union Local 210.
In 2008, two years after the birth of his

son, Kevin, he became a Corrections Officer with the Erie County

Sheriff's Office and served in that role until 2021.
In the fall of 2009, Chuck met his now-wife, Cate Flanagan, at the

Buffalo Irish Center.
They later moved into the same neighborhood that

Chuck grew up in to start their lives together and raise a family.
On

June 25, 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Chuck was diagnosed with

bladder cancer linked to his time at the World Trade Center after the

9/11 attacks.
He underwent treatment and surgery but passed away on

August 17, 2024, after being admitted to hospice care.
Chuck's passing leaves behind his beloved wife Cate, and two

children, Kevin and Ciara who now face life without him.
His sacrifice

is a solemn reminder of the lasting impact of dedicated service in the

face of tragedy.