A year later he joined

the Warwick Township Police Department where he climbed the ranks from

Patrolman, Corporal, Detective, and lastly to Detective Sergeant.
He

dedicated 13 years of tireless service to this department, touching

numerous lives in the community.
In 2000, Detective McDonough's career led him to the Bucks County

District Attorney's office where he was a county detective for nineteen

years.
His unparalleled investigative skills and unwavering dedication

to justice distinguished him as a formidable force against crime.
After

that committed time of service, Detective McDonough received a much-

deserved promotion, receiving the new role of Chief of Detectives.
In

his new role, McDonough directed a diverse unit composed of 23

detectives including members of a drug strike force, who led or

assisted municipal departments in the investigations of the county's

highest-profile and most complex criminal cases.
This enormous

responsibility was a testament to Detective McDonough's exceptional

capabilities and leadership, earning him the respect and admiration of

his colleagues and community members alike.
I am eternally grateful to Detective McDonough for the life of

committed service he has given to our community, district, and country.
His selfless career is a shining example of civic stewardship that the

next generations of law enforcement should strive to emulate.
His

leadership was instrumental in ensuring both the safety and security of

our community.
While Martin's presence will be sorely missed, I am

excited for his entry into this new chapter and extend my heartfelt

thanks and congratulations to Detective Martin McDonough on his well-

deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FIRE CAPTAIN JON DRENNON

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize Fire Captain Jon

Drennon for his twenty-five years of service with the Dearborn Fire

Department in Michigan's 12th District Strong.
Fire Captain Drennon got his start in public service in 1999 as a

Firefighter.
After only one year of service, he received the first of

many Meritorious Company Commendations.
In addition, he has been

recognized numerous times for valor and lifesaving.
Over the course of

his public service career, Fire Captain Drennon has committed himself

to continuous professional development, completing numerous

certification and educational programs in various rescue operations

techniques and other technical programming.
Fire Captain Drennon has been an outstanding public servant to the

communities served by the Dearborn Fire Department.
Please join me in

recognizing his twenty-five years of commitment to protecting our

families' safety across Michigan's 12th District Strong as we wish him

well in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FIRE ENGINEER ROBIN BUCHHOLZ

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the 12th

Congressional District's Fire Engineer Robin Buchholz for her twenty-

five years of service with the Dearborn Fire Department.
Fire Engineer Buchholz began her career as a firefighter with the

Dearborn Fire Department in 1999.
Over the past twenty-five years, she

has been twice promoted and has remained steadfast in her commitment to

service and keeping our communities safe.
Fire Engineer Buchholz has

been recognized over twenty-five times in her career for her exemplary

record, including lifesaving and safe driving.
She has also been

awarded the esteemed Fire Chief Life Saving Award for life saving

service and the Meritorious Company Commendation on multiple occasions.
As Fire Engineer for the department, Ms. Buchholz has also obtained

certifications in life support and rescue techniques.
Please join me and our community in recognizing Fire Engineer Robin

Buchholz for her twenty-five years of outstanding service to the people

of Dearborn in Michigan's 12th District Strong as we wish her well in

her retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MIDDLETOWN TOWNSHIP POLICE OFFICE NELSON WEBB'S RETIREMENT

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.