Please join me and our community in recognizing Fire Engineer Robin

Buchholz for her twenty-five years of outstanding service to the people

of Dearborn in Michigan's 12th District Strong as we wish her well in

her retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MIDDLETOWN TOWNSHIP POLICE OFFICE NELSON WEBB'S RETIREMENT

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

outstanding constituent of my district, Middletown Township Police

Officer Nelson Webb, who is retiring on June 28, 2024, after 36 years

Pennsylvania.
Nelson began his career in policing on June 24, 1990, as a Penndel

Borough Police Officer.
After six years with the Penndel Borough Police

Department, he joined the Middletown Township Police Department on June

24, 1996.
During his distinguished career, he has received several

department commendations for outstanding work.
In addition, Nelson has

served as a field training officer, a motorcycle patrol officer, and

served for 20 years on the Bucks County South Central Special Emergency

Response (SWAT) team.
Beyond his accomplishments, Officer Webb embodies the essence of a

devoted public servant.
Modest and humble, he avoids the spotlight,

preferring to lead through actions and example rather than words.
His

exemplary conduct serves as an inspiration to his colleagues, earning

him respect as a true leader and mentor among his peers.
In every

sense, Officer Nelson Webb epitomizes the true law enforcement

professional--a person of integrity, dedication, and great work ethic.
I wish to congratulate Nelson Webb on his 36 years of service to the

citizens of Bucks County and on his well-deserved retirement from the

Middletown Township Police Department.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LEGACY OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL ALEXANDER JEFFERSON

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize the late Lieutenant

Colonel Alexander Jefferson, a World War II Tuskegee Airman and one of

Michigan's most decorated pilots as we prepare to dedicate a community

gathering space in his honor.
Born in Detroit, he was the descendant of

formerly enslaved people and would go on to become a Black trailblazer.
One of the original Tuskegee Airmen, the U.S. Army's first Black Air

Corps, Jefferson served as a P-51 fighter pilot with the Red Tail,

332nd Fighter Group 301st Fighter Squadron in Ramitelli, Italy.
His

unit bravely escorted bombers into action, providing critical

protection from enemy aircraft and without losing a single plane.
Jefferson was captured as a prisoner of war on August 12, 1944, three

days before the invasion of Southern France, after he was shot down

while firing at German radar stations on the coast.
Presumed dead, he

was held for more than nine months.
He was liberated by U.S. Forces on

April 29, 1945.
Following the war, Jefferson dedicated himself to education as an

instrument instructor in advanced flight training at the Tuskegee Army

Air Field in Alabama, continuing the storied Air Corps' legacy of

excellence in flight.
He was discharged from active duty in 1947 and

retired from the reserves in 1969.
In his civilian life, Jefferson

worked as an elementary school science teacher in Detroit, where he

would retire as an assistant principal in 1979.
He has received numerous awards and accolades for his bravery and his

selfless service for our country, including the Purple Heart Award.
He

represented the best of Detroit.
As we celebrate the dedication of the

plaza in his honor, we offer our thanks for the service and legacy of

Lieutenant Colonel Alexander Jefferson.