And throughout our history, American soldiers have demonstrated

tremendous courage and strength, beating back tyranny to the ends of

the earth.
I was glad to sponsor Caleb's nomination and I am confident that his

talents will distinguish him among his peers both during his time at

West Point and thereafter.
Congratulations to Caleb, I know that he will make this Nation proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING KELLEN DALY

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent,

Kellen Daly, upon his acceptance to the United States Military Academy

at West Point.
As a future cadet, he will be joining the ranks of the world's most

fearsome fighting force--the United States Army--guided by duty, honor,

and country.
The service and sacrifice of America's military personnel have

safeguarded our Nation since its inception, defending our way of life

from Lexington to Normandy.
And throughout our history, American soldiers have demonstrated

tremendous courage and strength, beating back tyranny to the ends of

the earth.
I was glad to sponsor Kellen's nomination and I am confident that his

talents will distinguish him among his peers both during his time at

West Point and thereafter.
Congratulations to Kellen, I know that he will make this Nation

proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING PATRICK ROWAN

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent,

Patrick Rowan, upon his acceptance to the United States Naval Academy.
As a future midshipman, he will be joining the ranks of the world's

most elite naval force, guided by the motto, ``Semper Fortis''

The service and sacrifice of America's military personnel have

safeguarded our Nation since its inception, defending our way of life

from Lexington to Normandy.
And throughout our history, American servicemembers have demonstrated

tremendous courage and strength, beating back tyranny to the ends of

the earth.
I was glad to sponsor Patrick's nomination and I am confident that

his talents will distinguish him among his peers during his time at the

Academy and thereafter.
Congratulations to Patrick, I know that he will make this Nation

proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RICHARD ZUSCHLAG FOR A LIFETIME OF SERVICE TO LOUISIANA

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Richard

Zuschlag, a cofounder of Acadian Ambulance, national leader, and the

very embodiment of Christian virtue.
Following a valiant battle with cancer, marking the end of a full and

accomplished life, Richard has gone home to the Lord.
For all who knew

him and felt his compassion, Richard's 76 years are now the object of

fond reflection and reverent admiration.
His legacy will stand in

perpetuity, sustained in the countless lives he touched.
`Richard Zuschlag' is a household name in Louisiana that is

synonymous with charity, health care, and Louisiana business talent.
Born in Pennsylvania, he first came to Louisiana as a young

professional on work assignment.
During this introduction, he came to

love South Louisiana's community, people, and way of life.
Ultimately,

he chose to stay.
Ever community-minded, he recognized shortcomings in

local EMS services.
To fill this critical gap in medical service, Richard established

Acadian Ambulance in 1971, as a provider of accessible, quality EMS

care.
He co-founded his Lafayette-based company with a revolutionary

financing strategy, allowing clients to pay a very affordable yearly

rate in exchange for full service.
This winning formula opened private

EMS service to Americans of all economic backgrounds.
Richard's vision

continued to shape Acadian Ambulance in this way, carrying it on a sure

trajectory to success.
More than half a century after its humble start, Lafayette-based

Acadian Ambulance is a nationally respected provider of quality EMS

services--the culmination of Richard's career.
All of Richard's work

functioned according to his personal philosophy, endowed by his

Christian faith.