Title: CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE WILLOW STREET FIRE COMPANY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
105

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF THE WILLOW STREET FIRE COMPANY

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Willow

Street Fire Company in Willow Street, Pennsylvania on 100 years of

service to the community.
The Willow Street Fire Company was founded in June 1924 by volunteers

that recognized the need to provide fire and emergency services to

their community.
Today, the company's 40-person membership remains 100

percent volunteer-based, a reflection of their dedication to the well-

being of the community.
You never know when you might need emergency services, but you are

always thankful they are there when you need them.
These heroes risk

their lives in dangerous situations for people they likely do not know.
This kind of selflessness is beyond admirable.
Willow Street Fire Company responds to almost 500 calls every year

and services West Lampeter Township and Providence Township.
They also

provide mutual aid to surrounding townships.
For 100 years, Willow Street Fire Company emergency and rescue

service volunteers have demonstrated what it means to be a good

neighbor.
I thank them for the heroism and bravery they demonstrate

daily.
Congratulations to Willow Street Fire Company.
I wish them a happy

100th anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 2024 U.S. OPEN CHAMPION BRYSON DeCHAMBEAU

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate Bryson

DeChambeau on his second career 2024 U.S. Open Golf Championship win.
This achievement not only exemplifies his impressive skill and

dedication to the sport, but also reminds us of his journey from the

Central Valley of California to the pinnacle of professional golf.
Originally born in Modesto, California, Bryson attended Clovis East

High School, where his passion and innate talent for golf quickly

became apparent.
His first major golf moment arrived in 2010 when at

age sixteen, he secured the California State Junior Championship.
Five

years later in 2015 as a Southern Methodist University Mustang,

Bryson's hard work led to winning the NCAA Individual Championship,

along with the United States Amateur Championship.
These dual wins

propelled Bryson forward, becoming one of only five golfers to ever

hold both titles in the same year and launching him into the

professional ranks in 2016 at the age of twenty two.
Unorthodox but confident in his approach, Bryson has reimagined golf

using irons and wedges that are all the same length.
This unique

innovation, characteristic of the Central Valley's dynamic style,

inspires future athletes to push boundaries as they see the U.S. Open

Champion with nine career victories still finding new ways to excel in

a game steeped in tradition.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my constituents in Clovis and California's

Central Valley, I am immensely proud of Bryson DeChambeau and

congratulate him on his outstanding victory at the 2024 U.S. Open Golf

Championship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING CALEB TOTH

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my constituent,

Caleb Toth, upon his acceptance to the United States Military Academy

at West Point.
As a future cadet, he will be joining the ranks of the world's most

fearsome fighting force--the United States Army--guided by duty, honor,

and country.
The service and sacrifice of America's military personnel have

safeguarded our Nation since its inception, defending our way of life

from Lexington to Normandy.
And throughout our history, American soldiers have demonstrated

tremendous courage and strength, beating back tyranny to the ends of

the earth.
I was glad to sponsor Caleb's nomination and I am confident that his

talents will distinguish him among his peers both during his time at

West Point and thereafter.
Congratulations to Caleb, I know that he will make this Nation proud.