Richard's vision

continued to shape Acadian Ambulance in this way, carrying it on a sure

trajectory to success.
More than half a century after its humble start, Lafayette-based

Acadian Ambulance is a nationally respected provider of quality EMS

services--the culmination of Richard's career.
All of Richard's work

functioned according to his personal philosophy, endowed by his

Christian faith.
This approach, aptly characterized as `putting people

over profit,' fused his business acumen and humanitarian impulse.
Driven by these virtues, Richard was clearly destined to

revolutionize the EMS industry, uplifting millions.
In the wake of

Hurricane Katrina's devastation, he deployed Acadian Ambulance's

services to ease the suffering of fellow Louisianans in New Orleans.
Richard directed this operation out of pocket, in lieu of a government

contract or any guarantee of compensation.
This occasion was one of

many on which he courageously justified his

charity with morality alone.
He always gave with disregard to any

notion of self-preservation, even when his business could not afford

to.
Richard's Christian conduct of reckless selflessness foremost

constitutes his life and legacy.
Millions of Americans now live reassured in the promise of Richard's

work--EMS responders will come to their aid in moments of dire need.
Richard's dedication has already culminated in countless saved lives

and grateful families.
Take heart that every life saved by Acadian

Ambulance, now and forever, will be graced with the professional

compassion of Richard Zuschlag.
As I contemplate the life of Richard Zuschlag, now in its entirety,

Matthew 25 echoes in my mind: ``His lord said unto him, Well done, good

and faithful servant, thou hast been faithful over a few things, I will

make thee ruler over many things: enter thou into the joy of thy

lord.''
Lord Jesus, thank you for Richard, and please hold him close in

Your Kingdom.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF GUNNERY SERGEANT STEVEN M. PHONG

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements of

Gunnery Sergeant Steven M. Phong.
Gunnery Sergeant Steven M. Phong is a native of Long Beach,

California.
He graduated Recruit Training at San Diego, California on

October 7, 2005 as a Private First Class.
After completion of Recruit Training, he attended Marine Combat

Training School (MCT) at School of Infantry, Area 52, Camp Pendleton,

California.
Once completing MCT he attended Military Occupational

School (MOS) at Camp Johnson, North Carolina for training at Supply

School for the Enlisted Basic Supply Course.
In February of 2006, he reported to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry

Point, North Carolina, Marine Corps Air Control Squadron 2, 2nd Marine

Air Wing to serve as the Procurement and Fiscal Clerk.
In August of 2014, Corporal Phong reported to Anti-tank Training

Company, Site Support Broken Arrow, Oklahoma and served as the Company

Supply Administrations Chief, Embarkations Chief, and the Anti-

Terrorism Assistant Officer.
Corporal Phong assisted in deploying and redeploying marines in

support of Marine Expeditionary Unit 31's Unit Deployment Program and

the Georgia Train and Equip Program.
He also supervised logistics

movements for training programs including Northern Strike, 29 Palms

Integrated Training Exercise, Cold Weather training, African Lion and

Red Flag Alaska.
In April of 2018 Sergeant Phong reported to 3d Supply Battalion,

Combat Logistics Regiment 35, 3rd Marine Logistics Group in April 2018

to serve as the Battalion Supply Administrations Chief.
Sergeant Phong attended the Supply Chain Management Intermediate

Course at Camp Futenma, Okinawa, Japan from August to September 2018.
In August 2019 Staff Sergeant Phong then assumed the billet of the

Battalion Supply and Material Management Chief in 3d Supply Battalion

in August 2019.
On August 13, 2021, Staff Sergeant Phong reported to Expeditionary

Warfare Training Group Pacific and assumed his duties as the Supply and

Material Management Chief.
There he worked in a joint branch

environment and supported multiple warfare training courses.
Gunnery Sergeant Phong is currently serving as a Canvassing Recruiter

in Recruiting Sub-station Orange County.