On August 13, 2021, Staff Sergeant Phong reported to Expeditionary

Warfare Training Group Pacific and assumed his duties as the Supply and

Material Management Chief.
There he worked in a joint branch

environment and supported multiple warfare training courses.
Gunnery Sergeant Phong is currently serving as a Canvassing Recruiter

in Recruiting Sub-station Orange County.
Gunnery Sergeant Phong's personal awards include the Navy and Marine

Corps Commendation Medal and the Navy Marine Corps Achievement Medal

with two gold stars.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring and celebrating the

achievements of Gunnery Sergeant Steven M. Phong.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE VETERANS LEGAL SUPPORT ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the Veterans Legal

Support Act of 2024, which would allow the U.S. Department of Veterans

Affairs (VA) to provide support to law school clinical programs that

provide pro bono legal and support services to veterans, including

assistance with disability claims and foreclosures.
There are at least

22 law schools that have clinics devoted to veterans' legal needs,

including the William & Mary Law School Veterans Benefits Clinic, which

was the first recipient of a ``best practice'' certification from the

VA.
There are many other law schools, such as the University of the

District of Columbia's David A. Clarke School of Law, that are

interested in starting their own VA-certified clinics.
More needs to be

done to sustain and increase the number of these programs.
I was a tenured professor at the Georgetown University Law Center and

continued to teach a seminar there after being elected to Congress.
I

saw the expert assistance that clinical programs provide their clients.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill, a concrete measure that

would assist our veterans, who put their lives on the line for this

country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AFTON ELEMENTARY SCHOOL'S ENVIRONMENTAL CLUB

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and commend

the outstanding accomplishments of Afton Elementary School's

Environmental Protection Club, also known as the Green Team, which is a

group of teachers and students in the Pennsbury School District whose

hard work and dedication has garnered them well-deserved recognition

both statewide and nationally.
I am proud to announce the Green Team has secured first place in the

state of Pennsylvania for their outstanding contributions to the

environmental protection services and has been recognized as a runner-

up in the nation.
This remarkable achievement is a testament to the

passion, hard work, and commitment of the members and the following

Advisors of the Green Team.
Mrs. Kristin Slota, Miss Emily Kopchinski, Ms. Angela

Petrucci, Miss Emily Kirsh.
The Green Team's impact extends beyond Afton Elementary, as they have

engaged in a multitude of initiatives aimed at promoting environmental

conservation and sustainability.
The Green Team has taken proactive

steps to raise awareness about gas safety throughout their school in

collaboration with PECO, ensuring their peers are equipped with the

knowledge and resources necessary to stay safe and informed.
The Green Team's dedication to beautifying their surroundings is

evident in their initiative to plant daffodils, pick up trash, and

clean up their school's courtyard, transforming neglected spaces into

vibrant and welcoming environments for all to enjoy.
In addition to their local efforts, the Green Team has demonstrated a

strong commitment to global conservation efforts by raising money and

awareness for endangered wildlife, contributing to vital conservation

projects that are essential for preserving our planet's biodiversity.
The Green Team's achievements serve as an inspiration to us all,

reminding us of the profound impact that dedicated individuals can have

on safeguarding our planet for future generations.