Title: CELEBRATING SPAIN'S NATIONAL DAY 2025; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
172

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING SPAIN'S NATIONAL DAY 2025

HON.
CARLOS A. GIMENEZ

Mr. GIMENEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join the people of Spain

and millions around the world in celebrating Spain's National Day,

known as Fiesta Nacional de Espana (National Day of Spain).
As Co-Chair of the Friends of Spain Caucus, I am proud to honor the

deep and enduring bonds between our two nations, bonds rooted in shared

history, faith, and friendship.
From the earliest days of our Republic, Spain played a pivotal role

in supporting American independence, providing vital aid and

recognition to our Founding Fathers in their struggle for liberty.
The

names of St. Augustine, Pensacola, and San Marcos remind us that

Florida's story is inseparable from the Spanish legacy that helped

shape our Nation's earliest frontiers.
Spanish influence can be seen in our architecture, our language, our

traditions, and the vibrant communities that call South Florida home.
Every day, centuries-old ties continue to inspire cultural exchange,

economic partnership, and mutual respect between our peoples.
On this National Day of Spain, we celebrate not only the remarkable

history of the Spanish nation, but also the shared values of democracy,

freedom, and friendship that unite Spain and the United States.
I look forward to strengthening our transatlantic partnership and

ensuring that the friendship between our Nations continues to flourish

for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING NICKLAUS CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL ON ITS 75TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MARIA ELVIRA SALAZAR

Ms. SALAZAR.
Mr. Speaker, Nicklaus Children's Hospital, formerly

known as Miami Children's Hospital until 2015, was founded in 1950 and

is South Florida's only free-standing pediatric hospital.
Staffed by

850 physicians and more than 500 pediatric subspecialists, Nicklaus is

home to the largest pediatric teaching program in the southeastern

United States.
It is renowned for excellence in all aspects of

pediatric medicine, and according to U.S. News & World Report, many of

Nicklaus's specialty programs ranking among the best in the Nation

since 2008.
The tremendous impact Nicklaus has is not felt in District 27 alone.
Nicklaus Children's Health System, the parent organization of Nicklaus

Children's Hospital, maintains an extensive network of outpatient and

urgent care centers in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach, and Martin

Counties, serving families throughout Florida, the United States, and

more than 100 countries.
Not only does Nicklaus maintain an extensive network but it also

continues to ensure children and their families have access to the

specialized care they need and deserve.
Nicklaus offers more than 30

pediatric specialties and operates leading institutes focused on

pediatric care, including the Helen and Jacob Shaham Cancer and Blood

Disorders Institute, the Brain Institute, the Heart Institute, and the

Orthopedic, Sports Medicine, and Spine Institute.
And just last year,

the Hospital opened the Kenneth C. Griffin Surgical Tower, one of the

most innovative pediatric surgical facilities in the United States,

ensuring that children and adolescents can receive expert surgical care

without leaving Florida.
Additionally, Nicklaus has a top-of-the-line emergency transportation

fleet.
The Hospital's LifeFlight Critical Care Transport Program, which

includes six ambulances, two helicopters, and fixed-wing jets equipped

for pediatric and neonatal patients, saves nearly 4,000 infants and

children annually across Florida, the Caribbean, and Central and South

America.
From Miami to the Panhandle, from the Panhandle to Central and South

America, from Central and South America to the Caribbean, Nicklaus is a

world-class institution that has provided care to so many for decades.
On the occasion of its 75th anniversary, I want to congratulate

Nicklaus Children's Hospital and commend its continued commitment to

advancing pediatric health care for children and families in Miami,

throughout the country, and across the world.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
PATRICK MORAN'S SERVICE

HON.
TONY WIED

Mr. WIED.