His countless hours of volunteering, setting up museum

displays, participating in parades, and educating the visitors and

children is nothing short of amazing.
Up until the summer of 2025, at

the age of 91, John came in to volunteer every Saturday and even when

he couldn't attend regularly, he still financially supported the

mission of HEARTS.
Colonel Airola is an exceptional candidate for this Commendation.
His

leadership is paramount and has furthered the mission of HEARTS Museum

over the years by starting the local Marine Corps Birthday Celebration

each year, helped foster the early days of HEARTS and served on its

board of directors for many years advocating for his fellow veterans in

addition to his support for the local Marine Corps League, Toys for

Tots and Semper Fi Fund.
It is this advocacy and impact which lead him

to be tapped to serve on the inaugural Congressional Veterans

Commendation committee for East Texas.
Colonel Airola has made it his mission to continue to educate our

visitors and the children about the pride in service to our country and

our Nation's military history.
The Colonel is history; the Colonel is

an exceptional American Soldier.
It is with this level of love of

country and his beloved United States Marine Corps and all of its glory

and strength that I proudly commend retired USMC Colonel John Battista

Airola of Huntsville, Texas to his friends, family, and colleagues, and

salute his service to the Marines, his country and Walker County by

awarding him the 2025 Congressional Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DELMAN LEON ORME WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Delman

Leon Orme of Crockett, Texas, as a distinguished recipient of the

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His servant's life reflects the

hard work and dedication that exemplifies the best of our Nation's

values.
Delman answered the call to service when he enlisted in the United

States Army in March 1989, right out of high school.
He followed in his

older brothers' footsteps, one serving as a Military Police Officer and

the other as a Combat Engineer.
He entered as a Delta 19, which meant

riding motorcycles.
He served in the Scout Platoon, 4th Battalion, 64th

Armor during Operation Desert Storm displaying outstanding tactical and

technical skills.
His proficiency enabled the Scout Platoon to quickly

in advance friendly forces so the enemy could be destroyed while

displaying high morale and a cool demeanor.
During his tenure, he

served with courage and distinction, embodying the highest standards of

military excellence.
His bravery and leadership in combat were

recognized through numerous awards, including the Purple Heart, the

Bronze Star Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the Army Good Conduct

Medal, the Southwest Asia Service Medal, the National Defense Service

Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon.
The Purple Heart is a solemn testament to his sacrifice in defense of

our freedom, having been wounded in action while serving his country.
The Bronze Star Medal further attests to his heroic or meritorious

achievement in a combat zone, an enduring reflection of his courage

under fire and commitment to mission and comrades alike.
Delman doesn't

consider himself a hero but credits the men that would not quit until

he was safely off the battlefield.
They provided protection and care

and were amazingly able to get a helicopter in after three attempts.
This was all on the last day of the war and fortunately, because he got

shot, the battalion behind was able to make an overwhelming

counterattack, which led to total victory.
Had he not been discharged,

he would have made a career out of serving his country.
Following his honorable discharge in August 1991, Delman continued

his life of service at home.
In his community of Crockett, he has

remained steadfast in supporting fellow veterans and contributing to

civic life.