Had he not been discharged,

he would have made a career out of serving his country.
Following his honorable discharge in August 1991, Delman continued

his life of service at home.
In his community of Crockett, he has

remained steadfast in supporting fellow veterans and contributing to

civic life.
He is well respected by both the community and his peers

for his hard work and dedication.
While he does not volunteer in

specific structured organizations, whenever there is a need in his

community, he is the first to not only volunteer, but to take

initiative when he sees a community need.
He spends many hours

volunteering on the weekends maintaining cemeteries and managing the

landscape downtown and has also spent many hours assisting with

hurricane disaster relief.
He enjoys helping others and can't say no

when asked for help.
Delman's story reflects the unwavering spirit of America's veterans,

men and women who not only fought for freedom abroad but who continue

to strengthen the fabric of our Nation here at home.
It is my distinct privilege to recognize Delman Leon Orme for his

exceptional service to the United States of America and his enduring

contributions to the people of East Texas.
His devotion to both country

and community stands as a shining example of patriotism and selfless

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAYOR BUD STARKER

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mayor William

``Bud'' Starker for his years of public service and dedication to the

City of Wheat Ridge.
As a more than fifty year resident of Wheat Ridge, Mayor Starker has

long been a pillar of the community.
As both a city councilor and a

mayor, Mayor Starker has guided the City with steady leadership,

including navigating the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19

pandemic and championing efforts to expand housing affordability in

Jefferson County and across the State of Colorado.
Beyond City Hall, Mayor Starker has promoted economic development

throughout the Denver Metro Area through his work in the private

sector.
Through Starker Construction, he helped build more than 100

restaurants, including transforming an older property in his

neighborhood into West 29th Restaurant and Bar--a beloved local

gathering place that stands as a quintessential example of his

commitment to revitalizing our community.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's 7th Congressional District, it

is my honor to thank Mayor Bud Starker for his years of service and

wish him the best in all his future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NOLA JANE SALDANA WITH A CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present Nola Jane Saldana

of Waco, Texas, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
Nola Saldana

is a proud United States Navy veteran, who served nearly 10 years and

continues to dedicate her life to supporting veterans and her

community.
A full-blooded Maidu Indian raised in poverty on a

reservation in Susanville, California, she grew up with strong values

of respect and kindness, taught by her mother.
Not long after graduating from Sherman Indian High School, a boarding

school in Riverside, California, Nola joined the Navy in January 1988.
She trained as a welder and served aboard the USS Acadia, and later the

USS Dixon as a radiation worker, often as the only woman in her

division.
Her service took her across the world, including to the

Persian Gulf and multiple international ports.
She departed the Navy in

1997.
During her service she earned the National Defense Service Medal,

Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal, Sea Service Medal Deployment Ribbon

three times, and the Good Conduct Medal two times.
Following her military career, she earned a bachelor's degree in

social work with honors from Texas Tech University.