KWEISI MFUME

Mr. MFUME.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the artistic

brilliance of legendary filmmaker and beloved Baltimorean, John Waters,

for his outstanding contributions to the film industry.
Affectionately

dubbed the ``Pope of Trash'' by William S. Burroughs, Mr. Waters is a

renowned author, producer, and director who was honored in 2023 with a

star on the iconic Hollywood Walk of Fame.
His unconventional interpretations of the world color his comical and

flamboyant films, and he has dedicated his career to what he playfully

refers to as ``filth'' for the big screen.
An all-time great Baltimorean, Mr. Waters has left an indelible mark

on the entertainment industry.
His love for storytelling was developed

as a child, putting on puppet shows at children's birthday parties.
Through his teen years, he mastered the skills needed to write side-

splitting scripts, skills that he would put to the test for the rest of

his lengthy career.
Waters' hometown in the greater Baltimore area would become a central

character in many of his films.
Baltimore served as both the backdrop

and the inspiration for much of

Waters' early work.
His iconic films, such as Pink Flamingos, Desperate

Living, Female Trouble and Polyester reveal the unique personalities

and plights he encountered during his formative years in and around

Baltimore.
Waters achieved mainstream success in 1988, after directing

Hairspray, a critically acclaimed musical set in racially segregated

Baltimore in the 1960s, which explores themes of identity, activism,

and biases of all kinds.
Mr. Waters' films are renowned for their

dedicated fan communities, rooted in his dedication to fostering

diversity on the big screen and his history of encouraging

individuality amongst fans and peers in the industry.
Beyond his filmmaking prowess, John Waters' influence extends to

literature, art, and social commentary.
A veritable gay ambassador

himself, his artistic adaptations have provided a safe haven for his

fans to embrace their creativity and self-expression while showing the

world the brilliance contained within the LGBTQ community.
The ethos of Mr. Waters' career is a celebration of the

counterculture, and a passionate rejection of the norms within the

entertainment industry that restrain artistic peculiarity and

originality.
John Waters' star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame is a testament to his

commitment to pushing the boundaries of creativity--not only through

his cinematic achievements, but also in life.
He encapsulates what it

means to be a Baltimorean, and our city couldn't ask for a better

champion.
His career demonstrates how the unlikeliest of places can give birth

to the most extraordinary stories.
Mr. Waters has forever changed the landscape of American cinema with

his style, ingenuity, and wit.
His films will continue to inspire the

next generations of filmmakers while providing an example that shows

that what some may describe as outrageous might just lead to a new

artistic frontier.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize and salute Mr. John Samuel

Waters, Jr., for his unyielding pursuit of humor and originality on the

silver screen and for his undying love for the one-of-a-kind city that

we both share, Baltimore.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF TRUMARK CREDIT UNION, MS.
KELLY

BOTTI

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

Ms. Kelly Botti, a respected leader, advocate, and CEO of Trumark

Credit Union, whose birthday on November 3rd provides a fitting

occasion to honor her outstanding service and dedication to our

communities.
Based in the Greater Philadelphia region, Ms. Kelly Botti has built a

distinguished career marked by integrity, compassion, and an unwavering

commitment to financial empowerment.
As CEO of Trumark Credit Union,

she has championed innovative approaches to serve the underserved and

underbanked, expanding access to fair, transparent, and affordable

financial services for families and small businesses alike.
Her

leadership reflects the very best of what community driven institutions

can achieve when guided by a mission of service over profit.