Based in the Greater Philadelphia region, Ms. Kelly Botti has built a

distinguished career marked by integrity, compassion, and an unwavering

commitment to financial empowerment.
As CEO of Trumark Credit Union,

she has championed innovative approaches to serve the underserved and

underbanked, expanding access to fair, transparent, and affordable

financial services for families and small businesses alike.
Her

leadership reflects the very best of what community driven institutions

can achieve when guided by a mission of service over profit.
Kelly has also been a steadfast advocate for the credit union

movement on both state and national levels.
Her thoughtful engagement

with policymakers like myself rooted in collaboration, expertise, and

genuine care for people, has advanced the cause of financial inclusion

in the First Congressional District of Pennsylvania and across the

entire Commonwealth and beyond.
Through her advocacy, countless

individuals have gained new opportunities to achieve financial

stability, education, and independence.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives, to help me extend my heartfelt congratulations to Ms.

Kelly Botti for her achievements, her leadership, and her continuing

efforts to make a meaningful difference in the lives of others.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COLONEL JOHN BATTISTA AIROLA, USMC, RETIRED, WITH A

CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to present retired USMC

Colonel John Battista Airola, of Huntsville, Texas, with a

Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His servant's life reflects the

hard work and dedication that exemplifies the best of our Nation's

values.
Colonel Airola entered active duty at Quantico, Virginia in August of

1955 at twenty-one years of age and served with honor and heroism

during the Vietnam War with the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Divisions of the

Marine Corps.
His service instilled not only a sense of pride in his

four children but led them all to the call of duty serving as officers

in multiple branches of our Nation's military.
Colonel Airola served 9 years in foreign service to our Nation with

significant combat earning the following; Vietnam Service Medal with 2

Stars, Bronze Star Medal with combat V, National Defense Service Medal,

Navy Unit Commendation, Combat Action Ribbon, Presidential Unit

Citation, Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with palm, Vietnam Campaign Medal

with device, Navy Commendation Medal, Meritorious Unit Commendation,

Sea Service Deployment Ribbon, Pistol Expert (15th Award), Rifle

Sharpshooter and Legion of Merit dated May 4, 1987.
Throughout his distinguished military career, he completed Recruit

Training in 1955, then moved on into Infantry Combat Training later

that year.
In 1956, he completed the ANGLICO Basic Course (ABC)

followed by Officer Candidate School and subsequent Basic School in

1957.
Carrying on with additional training, he completed Duties of a

Motor Transport (MT) Officer and Embarkation Duties in 1958.
By 1965,

he completed additional training that included Jr. Landing Force Plan

Staff II and Nuclear Weapons Orientation.
As the war in Vietnam heated

up, he completed Amphibious Warfare training in 1968 and the Senior

Officer Preventative Maintenance Course by 1972 and later the

Instructors Orientation Course in 1975.
After his 32-year career in the Marine Corps, Colonel Airola

transitioned his service over to the HEARTS Veterans Museum from its

inception.
His countless hours of volunteering, setting up museum

displays, participating in parades, and educating the visitors and

children is nothing short of amazing.
Up until the summer of 2025, at

the age of 91, John came in to volunteer every Saturday and even when

he couldn't attend regularly, he still financially supported the

mission of HEARTS.
Colonel Airola is an exceptional candidate for this Commendation.