Tenia un don para

las palabras, pintando imagenes y frases que permanecian en

la memoria de la gente a la que servia.
Supo equilibrar el

progreso economico con la justicia social, recordando a todos

los que lo conocieron que el

crecimiento no debe dejar a nadie atras.
Y para quienes lo

conocieron de cerca, siempre sera recordado por su lealtad.
En los momentos mas duros y solitarios, Carlitos estaba ahi,

firme y alentador, impulsandonos siempre hacia adelante ``a

toda marcha y con mas fuerza''.
Carlitos hizo historia como uno de los alcaldes con mas

anos de servicio en Puerto Rico, superado solo por su

contemporaneo en Manati, Juan Aubin Cruz Manzano.
Sin

embargo, mas alla de los records y logros, su verdadero

legado vivira en la gente de Dorado, que vio en el no solo a

un alcalde, sino a un vecino, un motivador y un guardian del

espiritu de su pueblo.
Mr. Speaker, la vida de Carlos Alberto ``Carlitos'' Lopez

Rivera nos recuerda que el verdadero liderazgo no se mide

solo en los anos de servicio, sino en las vidas que se elevan

en el camino.
Nuestras oraciones estan con su familia, y

respetuosamente pido a la Camara que se levante en tributo a

su vida y servicio.
Al reflexionar sobre su legado,

honremoslo llevando adelante su espiritu, siempre avanzando

``a toda marcha y con mas fuerza.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF COLONEL RAYMOND L. HYLAND, JR.
HON.
CHRISTOPHER R. DELUZIO

Mr. DELUZIO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Raymond L.

Hyland, Jr., United States Air Force, a resident of Cranberry Township,

PA, who is retiring after 36 years of faithful service to our Nation

and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania following his commission from Air

Force ROTC at Kent State University.
After graduating from Kent State in 1989, Colonel Hyland began his

dedicated service to our nation.
Colonel Hyland served the Air Force in

a wide variety of roles over the next thirty-six years, both throughout

the country and overseas.
His active-duty years include flying assignments at Vance Air Force

Base in Oklahoma, Castle Air Force Base in California, Plattsburgh Air

Force Base in New York, and Grand Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota.
In 1999, Colonel Hyland transferred from active duty to the

Pennsylvania Air National Guard where he served in various KC-135

Operations and Maintenance roles at the 171st Air Refueling Wing in

Moon Township, Pennsylvania, culminating as the Wing's Commander.
Throughout his career, Colonel Hyland has demonstrated exceptional

commitment to the country.
He is a Command Pilot with more than 5,600

flight hours in various aircraft.
His personal awards include the

Legion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal (four awards), Air Medal,

Aerial Achievement Medal (four awards), Air Force Commendation Medal

(two awards), and the Air Force Achievement Medal.
I commend Colonel Hyland for his dedication to our country and the

sacrifices he and his family have made.
I thank him, his wife Kim, and

their two children, Kathleen and Ryan, for their service and wish him

blue skies as he concludes a distinguished career.
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Representatives to join me in

recognizing Colonel Ray Hyland as he retires from the U.S. Air Force.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PAYING TRIBUTE TO A GREAT AUTHOR, DIRECTOR, AND BALTIMOREAN: JOHN

WATERS

HON.
KWEISI MFUME

Mr. MFUME.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the artistic

brilliance of legendary filmmaker and beloved Baltimorean, John Waters,

for his outstanding contributions to the film industry.
Affectionately

dubbed the ``Pope of Trash'' by William S. Burroughs, Mr. Waters is a

renowned author, producer, and director who was honored in 2023 with a

star on the iconic Hollywood Walk of Fame.