Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr Speaker, I rise today along with my colleague, Congressman Mike Thompson, to recognize the enduring work of Ann DuBay on the occasion of her retirement from Sonoma Water.
Ann began her long-standing career in public service in 1981 as a seasonal firefighter at the California Department.
She then pursued the California State Fellowship Program and subsequently assumed the role of policy consultant at the California State Senate's Office.
Returning to her roots in Sonoma County, Ann became the Vice-President and Government Affairs Coordinator at the Santa Rosa Chamber of Commerce, before transitioning to a distinguished career in journalism as an editorial writer and columnist for nearly a decade at the Press Democrat.
Ann was hired by Sonoma Water in 2008 as Public Information Officer, and she became the Community and Government Affairs Manager there in 2018.
In these roles Ann demonstrated an exemplary commitment to the community and sustainability at Sonoma Water.
Ann's good deeds extend to the greater region through her work as the administrator for the Sonoma Valley Groundwater Sustainability Agency, and Petaluma Valley Groundwater Sustainability Agency, while also spearheading outreach and communication for all Sonoma County Groundwater Sustainability Agencies.
In addition to her professional commitments, Ann has played a pivotal role in several community organizations.
She served as Board member for the Ceres Community Project.
And she is currently on the board of directors for the Congregation Shomrei Torah in Santa Rosa, where she was president from 2020 to 2022.
In addition, she volunteers with Riebli-North Firewise Community as well as the California Groundwater Coalition where she helps guide water suppliers throughout the state meet the water supply needs of California residents.
Notably, Ann is more than a public servant; she is a mentor and inspiration to many.
When she and her sister simultaneously faced breast cancer, Ann exhibited exemplary strength and determination.
Ann is also known for her love of reading, biking with her husband Jeremey Olsan, and spending time with her son Jake.