Mr. Johnson from 2013 to 2015 as his campaign manager and then Senior Policy Aide.
Council Member Johnson was first elected to office in 2013 and, at the time, was the youngest member on the Council.
For three terms, he has proudly served the constituents of Ward 12, which includes the neighborhoods of Cooper, Ericsson, Hiawatha, Howe, Keewaydin, Minnehaha, Morris Park, and Standish, in the southeastern corner of Minneapolis.
During his tenure, 
Mr. Johnson served as the chair of the Public Works and Infrastructure Committee, Intergovernmental Relations Committee, and the Information Technology Subcommittee.
Over the past ten years, Council Member Johnson has participated in nearly 400 community meetings with his constituents.
As a devoted advocate for housing, he worked on the creation of hundreds of housing units within Ward 12.
Mr. Johnson also led the City in creating its first new public-housing project in more than a decade.
He has been a champion for transit throughout his tenure, working on ordinances to ensure that sidewalks were clear of ice for residents, pushing for funding for street repairs, and advocating for more lanes and safety precautions for bikers.
He worked to ensure that all constituents, whether they walked, biked, drove, or used public transit had access to safe transportation.
Council Member Johnson has had an impressive track record of serving his community.
Key accomplishments that I want to recognize include the creation of the Small Business Office and Business Portal to serve local small business owners.
He also authored the ordinance that allowed gender-neutral single-stall restrooms, led the efforts to rewrite the Animal Care and Control Ordinances to improve the quality Transgender Equity Council.
Last, but certainly not least, 
Mr. Johnson was also the lead sponsor of an ordinance that granted paid sick leave to over 100,000 constituents.
No problem has ever been too big or too small for City Council Member Johnson.
Although his time as a city council member is coming to an end, the legacy of his work for our community and the City of Minneapolis will never be forgotten.
He will truly be missed at City Hall and by his constituents.