Mrs. TRAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the tremendous contributions and legacy of John ``Jack'' Harrington Costello, Jr., a successful publisher and editor of the Lowell Sun and a beloved community leader who dedicated his life to the prosperity of my hometown, the city of Lowell and its community.
He passed away peacefully on August 28, 2023.
Jack was born in Lowell in 1944.
After graduating from Keith Academy in 1963, Jack would go on to study business at Boston College.
He then attended Officer Candidate School in Newport, Rhode Island where he would later graduate and proudly serve his country as a Lieutenant in the United States Navy from 1967 to 1970.
After the Navy, Jack returned to his hometown of Lowell where he embarked on a 3 decades-long professional career at his cherished family-founded local paper, The Lowell Sun.
Jack got his start as a sports writer before quickly moving up through the ranks to sports editor, to editor, and ultimately taking his destined position as the Sun's publisher.
He was known for his integrity, persistence, decisiveness, and ability to extract the best out of his employees and those around him.
The Sun thrived under Jack's leadership due to his mission of keeping the paper hyperlocal, so residents were always informed of what was happening in their community.
Over the span of his career, Jack carefully curated a local paper that was dedicated to delivering accurate and relevant news to the Greater Lowell area.
When he wasn't working tirelessly to ensure the Sun ran smoothly, Jack was involved in the revitalization of his hometown.
His expertise and vision for the future of the City made him a trusted confidant to many business and political leaders over the years.
He served as Chairman of the Lowell Memorial Auditorium, which welcomed many talented artists to perform at the venue under his stewardship.
Jack also served as Chairman of the Tsongas Arena Commission and was instrumental in the arena's creation.
In addition to these accomplishments, he is also responsible for helping to bring professional hockey and baseball teams to Lowell for the community to enjoy.
Jack's contributions to Lowell have made a lasting impact on the city and will continue to be felt for generations to come.
Jack will be remembered for his love for his family and friends, his kindness to those around him, his distinguished professional career, and his immense pride in the City.
My heart goes out to Brenda, his loving wife of 54 years, his children, John III, Peter, Nicole, and Suzanne, and the entire Costello family during this difficult time.
Jack's legacy will live on through his loving family and all of us who had the honor of knowing him.