Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Arjun

Mody, of New Jersey, to be Deputy Commissioner Social

Security for the term expiring January 19, 2031,

Jeffrey Goettman, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United

States Trade Representative (Africa, Western

Hemisphere, Europe, the Middle East, Environment,

Labor, and Industrial Competitiveness), with the Rank

of Ambassador, Julie Callahan, of the District of

Columbia, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office

of the United States Trade Representative, with the

rank of Ambassador, and Thomas Bell, of Virginia, to be

Inspector General, Department of Health and Human

Services.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the future of biotech,

focusing on maintaining U.S. competitiveness and

lifesaving cures to patients.
2 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine impacts of government

shutdowns and agency reductions in force on Native

communities.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mindy

Brashears, of Texas, to be Under Secretary for Food

Safety, Stella Herrell, of New Mexico, to be an

Assistant Secretary, and John Walk, of Virginia, to be

Inspector General, all of the Department of

Agriculture.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine putting veterans first,

focusing on the current VA disability system.
OCTOBER 30

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Vice

Admiral Richard A. Correll, USN, to be Admiral and

Commander, United States Strategic Command.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph

Gormley, of Maryland, to be President, Government

National Mortgage Association, Francis Cassidy, of

Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary of Housing

and Urban Development, Paul Hollis, of Louisiana, to be

Director of the Mint for a term of five years, Bryce

McFerran, of California, to be First Vice President of

the Export-Import Bank of the United States for a term

expiring January 20, 2029, and Travis Hill, of

Maryland, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors

of five years.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1884, to clarify the

Holocaust Expropriated Art Recovery Act of 2016, to

appropriately limit the application of defenses based

on the passage of time and other non-merits defenses to

claims under that Act, and the nominations of Robert P.

Chamberlin, and James D. Maxwell II, both to be a

United States District Judge for the Northern District

of Mississippi, James Kruger, to be United States

Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi, and

Scott Leary, to be United States Attorney for the

Northern District of Mississippi.
11 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Casey

Means, of California, to be Medical Director in the

Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, subject to

qualifications therefor as provided by law and

regulations, and to be Surgeon General of the Public

Health Service for a term of four years.
NOVEMBER 5

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine S. 107, to amend the Lumbee

Act of 1956.