Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
178

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, October 28, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 29

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the Section 106 consultation

process under the National Historic Preservation Act.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine Big Tech and silencing

Americans part 2.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Business meeting to consider S. 2082, to amend the Atomic

Energy Act of 1954 to modify the definition of

``production facility'' to exclude an equipment or

device capable of reprocessing spent nuclear fuel in a

manner that does not separate plutonium from other

transuranic elements, S. 2235, to amend the Energy

Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize the diesel emissions

reduction program, S. 2741, to establish within the

Environmental Protection Agency the Office of

Mountains, Deserts, and Plains, S. 3022, to amend the

Save Our Seas 2.0 Act to reauthorize certain

Environmental Protection Agency programs, S. 2110, to

require the Administrator of the Environmental

Protection Agency to prepare a report on reuse and

refill systems, S. 2878, to reauthorize funding to

monitor, assess, and research the Great Lakes Basin, S.

287, to designate the Federal building located at 225

South Pierre Street in Pierre, South Dakota, as the

``Marcella LeBeau Federal Building,'' and for other

purposes, S. 2319, to designate the Federal building

located at 300 West Congress Street in Tucson, Arizona,

as the ``Raul M. Grijalva Federal Building'', and the

nominations of Jeffrey Hall, of Virginia, to be an

Assistant Administrator, and Douglas Troutman, of

Maryland, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic

Substances, both of the Environmental Protection

Agency, Ho Nieh, of Alabama, to be a Member of the

Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Mitch Graves, and Jeff

Hagood, both of Tennessee, Randall Jones, of Alabama,

and Arthur Graham, of Florida, each to be a Member of

the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley

Authority, and 3 General Services Administration

resolutions.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Arjun

Mody, of New Jersey, to be Deputy Commissioner Social

Security for the term expiring January 19, 2031,

Jeffrey Goettman, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United

States Trade Representative (Africa, Western

Hemisphere, Europe, the Middle East, Environment,

Labor, and Industrial Competitiveness), with the Rank

of Ambassador, Julie Callahan, of the District of

Columbia, to be Chief Agricultural Negotiator, Office

of the United States Trade Representative, with the

rank of Ambassador, and Thomas Bell, of Virginia, to be

Inspector General, Department of Health and Human

Services.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the future of biotech,

focusing on maintaining U.S. competitiveness and

lifesaving cures to patients.
2 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine impacts of government

shutdowns and agency reductions in force on Native

communities.