From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROCLAIMING THIS AND EVERY APRIL 29TH AS #ENDJEWHATRED DAY

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to include in the Record

the following Proclamation in recognition of this and every April 29th

as #EndJewHatred Day.
Whereas, for centuries, the Jewish people have sustained

their shared religious, cultural, and ethnic identity and

traditions in the face of enslavement, persecution, genocide,

segregation and discrimination, and all manner of adversity;

and

Whereas, since the first Jewish person set foot in America

in 1654, members of the Jewish community have made indelible

contributions to the state of Florida and to the United

States of America, contributing to the vibrant cultural,

historical, and social framework of American life; and

Whereas, the greatness in American democracy and the

promise of liberty and opportunity have drawn countless

Jewish individuals to these shores, including those escaping

from oppressive regimes in Europe, survivors of the

Holocaust, and those seeking a haven from persecution; and

Whereas, the Jewish community has been instrumental in

advancing civil rights initiatives across America, fighting

discrimination, and advocating for justice and inclusivity

for all members of society; and

Whereas, despite notable progress toward social justice,

the Jewish community continues to face antisemitism and Jew-

hatred; and

Whereas, the reality of antisemitism has manifested itself

in various forms, from microaggressions to violent attacks,

targeting Jewish individuals for their identity and seeking

to deny their shared identity; and

Whereas, the alarming increase in hate crimes against the

Jewish community has catalyzed movements such as End Jew

Hatred, which seeks to reshape public dialogue and create a

society where Jew-hatred is intolerable, empowering

individuals to embrace their Jewish heritage without fear of

attack or persecution; and

Whereas, we all have a moral obligation to confront and

reject Jew-hatred in all its forms; and

Whereas, the first official recognition of ``#EndJewHatred

Day'' on April 29, 2022, exemplified a united stand against

Jew-hatred, empowering collective action towards a future

characterized by fighting racism and bigotry with

understanding and equality; and

Whereas, it is imperative that we remain vigilant and

proactive in opposing Jew-hatred to ensure that the painful

history of the past is not forgotten or repeated;

Now, therefore, be it proclaimed, That I, Representative

Frederica Wilson, in recognition of the urgent need to end

Jew-hatred in this generation, hereby declare and proclaim

every April 29 as ``#EndJewHatred Day;'' and

Be it further proclaimed, That I, Representative Frederica

Wilson, affirm and proclaim that the 24th Congressional

District of Florida stands united in condemning Jew-hatred in

all its forms and remains steadfast in the commitment to end

discrimination against, and persecution of, the Jewish

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ADEN CORDOVA RUBIO

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Aden Cordova

Rubio for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth

Award.
Aden has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Aden, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Aden's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Aden Cordova Rubio on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NAOMI KIARA CHUQUIHUCCHA MADUENO

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Naomi Kiara

Chuquihuccha Madueno for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service

Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Naomi has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.