She lived a life of service in her

church and helping the less fortunate in her community.
Growing up,

Nicole was a leader and mentor to the youth congregation in her church.
While in high school at Gateway High School, she received awards and

commendations for her academics.
She was also a member of the Gateway

High School Osceola County District Champion Swim team in 2015.
Following high school, Nicole majored in marketing at the University

of Central Florida.
While in college, she joined her father, Juan Jose

Rodriguez, in the marketing department at Michael T. Gibson, P.A.

There, she founded the firm's social media efforts and served as the

director for social media marketing.
While at UCF, Nicole was very

active in politics.
leading voter registration drives and organizing

UCF students to vote.
During this time, she also participated with her

father on several charitable missions, including trips to Honduras,

Ecuador, the Dominican Republic, and Mexico.
After graduation, Nicole was hired and worked for Marriott and

Oracle, two Fortune 500 companies.
These positions took her to Hawaii

and Austin, Texas.
While with Oracle, Nicole was instrumental in having

the company engage in charitable endeavors to help the less fortunate

in her community.
Prior to her passing, she left her position in

management to dedicate more time to helping the less fortunate and

volunteering at a homeless assistance program.
Nicole leaves a legacy of service and commitment to helping spread

her faith and to helping the less fortunate.
Although she left us at a

young age, the impact of her efforts will last a lifetime.
Many were

touched by her kind spirit, her warm and affectionate smile, her deep

faith in God, and her commitment to serving others.
She was loved and

cherished by her family and friends.
While her life was short, her

impact on this world was substantial.
Nicole's memory will live on

through her friends and family.
Her contagious smile, her charisma, her

personality, and her charitable heart will live on in our memories

forever.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

IN REMEMBRANCE OF GERALD P. McDERMOTT

HON.
DIANA DeGETTE

Ms. DeGETTE.
Mr. Speaker.
I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of my dear friend and mentor, Gerald P. McDermott--a highly regarded

trial attorney, advocate for justice, pillar of Denver's legal

community, and revered family man.
Jerry's career was defined by an unwavering commitment to defending

the rights of all Coloradoans, no matter their circumstance or

situation.
Jerry was a proud son of Pueblo, Colorado.
He stayed in Colorado for

his education, attending Colorado State University and the University

of Denver School of Law, where he was a member of the law review.
After graduating from law school, Jerry established a legal career

fighting for people who needed a strong advocate.
He was associated

with many preeminent trial firms in Colorado and founded his own firm,

establishing the highest standards of trial excellence and ethics.
Jerry's lifelong love of politics was cemented when he was a reading

clerk for the Colorado State Legislature during the 1965-66 session.
Later, he was the point person for the rights of the injured in the

1985 tort reform legislative session and gained respect from

legislators on both sides of the aisle.
He consistently supported

politicians who he believed met his standards and worked actively to

help them get elected and succeed in office.
I saw this for myself.
When I was a young member of the General

Assembly, struggling to balance my law practice, service as a

legislator, and raising two young daughters, Jerry took me in.
He gave

me an office in his firm and was always there to help me with a case or

give advice about a tricky legal issue.
Jerry received many awards and accolades, but he would say that his

biggest success was his family.