Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
79

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, May 13, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

MAY 14

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider the nominations of William

L. Doffermyre, of Texas, to be Solicitor of the

Department of the Interior, and Catherine Jereza, of

Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary (Electricity),

and Kyle Haustveit, of Oklahoma, to be an Assistant

Secretary (Fossil Energy), both of the Department of

Energy; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine the nominations of Jonathan Brightbill, of

Virginia, to be General Counsel, Tina Pierce, of Idaho,

to be Chief Financial Officer, and Conner Prochaska, of

Texas, to be Director of the Advanced Research Projects

Agency--Energy, all of the Department of Energy, and

Ned Mamula, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of the

United States Geological Survey, Department of the

Interior.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Paul

Dabbar, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary of

Commerce.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine FAA reauthorization one year

later, focusing on aviation safety, air traffic, and

next generation technology.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine trade in critical supply

chains.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Interior, Environment, and

Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Environmental Protection

Agency.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Sean

McMaster, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the

Federal Highway Administration, Department of

Transportation, John Busterud, of California, to be

Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste,

Environmental Protection Agency, and Adam Telle, of

Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army,

Department of Defense.
1:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Health and Human Services.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine foreign threats to American

innovation and economic leadership.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine financing America's

manufacturing and industrial boom.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
3 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Legislative Branch

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and

United States Capitol Police.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold oversight hearings to examine delivering

essential public health and social services to Native

Americans, focusing on Federal programs serving Native

Americans across the operating divisions at the

Department of Health and Human Services.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine preparing for disasters,

focusing on unique challenges facing older Americans.
MAY 15

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense

responsibilities related to Foreign Military Sales

system and international armaments cooperation.