3:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold oversight hearings to examine delivering

essential public health and social services to Native

Americans, focusing on Federal programs serving Native

Americans across the operating divisions at the

Department of Health and Human Services.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine preparing for disasters,

focusing on unique challenges facing older Americans.
MAY 15

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense

responsibilities related to Foreign Military Sales

system and international armaments cooperation.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Janet

Dhillon, of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension

Benefit Guaranty Corporation.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban

Development, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Department of Transportation.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines,

and Safety

To hold hearings to examine pipeline safety

reauthorization, focusing on ensuring the safe and

efficient movement of American energy.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 180, to amend the Omnibus

Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize

the use of grant amounts for providing training and

resources for first responders on the use of

containment devices to prevent secondary exposure to

fentanyl and other potentially lethal substances, and

purchasing such containment devices for use by first

responders, S. 237, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control

and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide public safety

officer benefits for exposure-related cancers, S. 419,

to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act

of 1968 to reauthorize grants to support law

enforcement officers and families, S. 539, to

reauthorize the PROTECT Our Children Act of 2008, S.

911, to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe

Streets Act of 1968 to include certain retired law

enforcement officers in the public safety officers'

death benefits program, S. 1316, to amend the Omnibus

Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to provide

that COPS grant funds may be used for local law

enforcement recruits to attend schools or academies if

the recruits agree to serve in precincts of law

enforcement agencies in their communities, S. 1563, to

amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of

1968 to establish a grant program to help law

enforcement agencies with civilian law enforcement

tasks, S. 1595, to establish standards for trauma kits

purchased using funds provided under the Edward Byrne

Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, and the

nomination of Jason Reding Quinones, of Florida, to be

United States Attorney for the Southern District of

Florida for the term of four years.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar business;

to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine

certain pending nominations.
MAY 20

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Homeland Security.
10 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of State.