Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Patricia McArdle Ponticello, a remarkable constituent from my district.
It is my honor to celebrate her on her 100th birthday--a day marking a hundred years of love, laughter, and commitment to her family, friends, and community.
Born on September 23, 1925, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Patricia has experienced a full century of history, change, and milestones.
Her life story stands not only as a testament to longevity, but also to stubbornness, grit, and an ability to outlast just about everyone.
Patricia graduated from St. Mary's High School in Haliswood, Pennsylvania, before perfecting her skills at Beautician School, where she went on to cut and style for the Mellon Family.
She later served as a Guidance Counselor at the Gilmary Catholic School for Wayward Girls, which gave her the unique skills to manage her own sons, David, Bill, and Christopher.
Later, she made her home and spent many years in Clinton, Pennsylvania after marrying her husband, William David Ponticello.
William served in the U.S. Navy, WWII, from 1942 to 1994 on an LST at the Normandy Invasion and later went on to work as a design engineer.
Her endless love and support filled the household with joy, laughter, and just enough discipline to keep everyone in line.
In 2003, Patricia moved to Bucks County to help her son raise his three boys.
Beyond her dedication to her family, Patricia remained steadfast in her commitment to her faith.
Patricia is a devout Catholic and is a member of Our Lady of the Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Hilltown, Pennsylvania.
Her Catholic faith has served as a guiding light in her life--shaping her values and offering strength and clarity through life's many trials and triumphs.
Today, at 100 years old, Patricia enjoys family, strolls around her Dublin, Pennsylvania property and continuing her legendary reputation as ``The Hawk.''
She loves an ice-cold beer, a strong margarita, and the occasional cigarette--because apparently that's the real secret to a long life.
Her idea of the perfect birthday?
A pig roast surrounded by family and friends.