Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew on his receipt of the Templeton Prize this September.
The Templeton Prize has been awarded to other prominent philanthropic figures including Jane Goodall, Desmond Tutu, and Mother Theresa.
Established in 1972, the Prize was created by Sir John Templeton to recognize prominent spiritual discoveries and insights.
55 Laureates from all major faiths and numerous countries have received this prestigious award.
Recipients of this prize have gone on to win the Nobel Peace Prize, with one even becoming a canonized saint.
As the leader of the Eastern Orthodox church, Ecumenical Patriarch has been working to achieve religious and ecological equality since he was elected in 1991.
From holding interfaith seminars after 9/11, to cosponsoring international peace conferences, his leadership has exemplified humility and the inclusion of people from all backgrounds.
His Holiness has also focused on climate issues and protecting our environment.
As Ecumenical Patriarch, he organized symposiums with world-renowned scientists and was able to secure grants to combat the destruction of Europe's marine areas--efforts that landed him the title Before becoming Ecumenical Patriarch, Demetrios Arhondonis was born in Turkey and received his elementary and secondary education in Istanbul.
He completed his undergraduate studies at the Theological School of Halki in 1972, before completing graduate studies at three different universities in Europe.
He also obtained a doctorate from the University.
After being ordained to the Diaconate and, years later, to the Priesthood, he became Assistant Dean at the Theological School of Halki before being appointed as the Personal Secretary to the late Ecumenical Patriarch Demetrios.
These educational milestones were enhanced as he has been awarded over 10 honorary doctorates from globally recognized universities.
It should come as no surprise that after 36 years of leading the Eastern Orthodox church, Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew is receiving this award.
It is with great respect that I honor his Holiness and his tireless efforts for equality and peace.