The Secretary of State was very clear yesterday that if we want peace, we must ensure that the hostages are released.
If we want peace, we must ensure that Hamas are ousted from Gaza.
If that happens, we will have a peace that will last.
I know that he is committed to that, for he said so yesterday, but will he reiterate that for the Chamber and those who are here?
The hon.
Gentleman knows a lot about standing up to terrorists.
Hamas are a proscribed organisation.
There can be no role for Hamas.
We need the total demilitarisation of Gaza.
Those leaders who  are there must leave and exit the country so that the Palestinian people can be freed from the plight of what Hamas are raining down on them.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the recognition of a Palestinian state.
We have been clear that we will recognise a Palestinian state by the United Nations General Assembly in September to protect the viability of the two-state solution, unless the Israeli Government take substantive steps to end the appalling situation in Gaza and commit to a long-term sustainable peace.
The United Kingdom Government should never have placed conditions on the recognition of the state of Palestine—there is no place for it in international law.
However, given that it is clear that Israel has failed to comply with these conditions, can the Secretary of State confirm that the UK will unconditionally and immediately recognise the state of Palestine at the UN General Assembly next week?
High-level week is not actually next week; it is in three weeks’ time.
May I say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is most bizarre to say to a responsible Government that they should not attempt to change the situation on the ground to encourage Israel to commit to a ceasefire and to a process?
Of course we should use all diplomatic efforts to do that, notwithstanding what we said about the assessment we will make on recognition at the appropriate time.
We all want to see an end to the suffering and progress towards a two-state solution, but what assurance can the Foreign Secretary provide that in the recognition of Palestine there can be no role for Hamas in the governance of a Palestinian state?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
Let me be crystal clear.
Hamas must never be rewarded, and we will not reward it by the UK’s recognition of Palestine if we reach that point.
Our demands of Hamas are absolute and unchanged: it must immediately release all the hostages who were cruelly taken on  7 October 2023  and held in the most atrocious conditions, which we have already discussed in the Chamber this morning.
What steps his Department is taking to increase economic sanctions on Russia.
Until Putin stops his barbaric assault, we will keep tightening the screws on his war machine with even more sanctions.
Since coming to office we have sanctioned more than 680 individual entities and ships, more than double the number of designations made in 2023.
Vladimir Putin is in Beijing this week, where he has hailed the unprecedented levels of ties between China and Russia.
For once I hope that the Government will actually take him at his word before China builds the super-embassy in our capital.
China has ceased exports of drone components to Ukraine, and both Xi Jinping and Kim Jong Un are propping up Putin economically.
I commend the Prime Minister for uniting a coalition of the willing, but what tangible action is it taking to ensure that Ukraine wins against three adversaries?
I thought that one of our proudest moments was watching President Zelensky walk up the steps of No 10, and reflecting on the role that the Prime Minister has played in corralling the global community around the coalition of the willing.
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen the Prime Minister with President Zelensky again in Washington DC just a few weeks ago.
In all that we are doing—on the oil price cap, in raising the issue of Russian sovereign assets with our G7 and European partners to try to resolve that issue, and through sanctions—we are leading the world.
May I join colleagues in sending my warmest congratulations to the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office,  the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , on his recent nuptials?
Over the summer recess, reports emerged that the Russians had launched an online “catalogue” of the children whom they have stolen from Ukraine.
This grotesque database allows Russian families to search for Ukrainian children by hair and eye colour.
The Russians are advertising their war crimes in real time.
What further action are the Government taking on this issue, and can the Foreign Secretary assure me that it will be the highest priority in discussions with the President of the United States during his visit later this month?