At a time when we face global development spending reductions across critical areas such as global health, women, peace and security, girls’ education, water, sanitation and hygiene, and nutrition, Ministers have chosen to increase energy and climate spending by £244 million—an increase of 59%.
Could the Minister explain the rationale for that significant increase and outline how those funds will be allocated, particularly as, unlike in 2024-25, no breakdown of political priorities is available for scrutiny?
As I have just said, we will set out the detailed allocations in due course; they will be informed by impact assessments.
The right hon.
Member rightly raises the issue of women and girls.
Of course, less money does not mean less action, and we see our work on women and girls as essential for development and our UK missions overseas.
We have appointed Baroness Harman as a UK special envoy for women and girls.
We are amplifying the voices of women’s organisations and movements, including in climate-affected contexts, and embedding gender equality across our  international action.
That is absolutely a priority for us, and we will set out the details of individual programmes, informed by those impact assessments, in due course.
With congratulations on her marriage over the summer recess, I call Louise Sandher-Jones.
What assessment he has made of the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
May I begin by acknowledging the terrible loss of life in Tarseen in Darfur over the weekend?
Sudan is facing its worst humanitarian crisis on record.
Over 30 million people need aid, 12 million have been displaced, and famine and cholera are spreading.
As the UN Security Council penholder, we are leading efforts to secure humanitarian access and the protection of civilians.
El Fasher has been under siege for over 500 days, and famine and cholera—all man-made problems—are rife.
It has been described as the “epicentre of child suffering”.
What is the UK doing to protect civilians and ensure that humanitarian aid can reach those who need it?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the leadership that she has shown on this issue.
I spoke to the UN emergency relief co-ordinator just yesterday and raised this issue.
Of course, we are supporting the call of the Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs for a pause in fighting, so that aid can get in and the suffering can be alleviated.
I will of course be leading on this issue as we head towards the UN General Assembly in New York.
Do the Government actually have an Africa strategy—not just for north Africa, but for sub-Saharan Africa—and does the Foreign Secretary share my concern about the apparent lack of focus on the importance of sub-Saharan Africa to the security of the United States, let alone to our security and that of Africa itself?
I encourage the Foreign Secretary to reach out to the US Secretary of State, and to join European partners in having a joined-up Africa strategy to deal with climate change, famine and terrorism in the Sahel and all across Africa—issues that are impacting on communities there, and on legal migration to this country.
Will he work with his American partners?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising Africa.
The first thing that we did on coming into office was establish an Africa approach and a widespread consultation across the continent—that is absolutely right.
We must be careful that authoritarian powers do not move in where the west exits.
I reassure him that I have raised and discussed those issues with Secretary of State Rubio.
Given the devastation of the United States Agency for International Development, the temporary cuts in official development assistance and the growing desperate situation  in areas of Africa, is the Foreign Secretary willing to meet me and colleagues who have worked in and care about the region, to understand our long-term strategy, particularly against China and Russia, which are moving in to fill that void?
I am grateful for the leadership that my hon.
Friend showed on these issues before coming to this place; she continues to champion them now.
On the Africa approach, and changes to development aid across the continent, whether they are made by us or by partners, either I or my colleague who leads on development will be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
The Rapid Support Forces have trapped 260,000 civilians in El Fasher, half of whom are children, and many of whom are surviving on animal fodder.
How are the Government working with allies to alleviate the effects on civilians of the terrible war in Sudan?
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen that I led the Sudan conference, at which I brought third-party countries together to discuss those issues, co-ordinate across them, and ensure that nothing is done to exacerbate the conflict on that continent.
As I indicated earlier, I expect to do more as we head towards UNGA, and to gather those third parties so that we get a pause and can get aid in.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure humanitarian aid can reach people in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help increase levels of aid entering Gaza.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure humanitarian aid can reach people in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support people impacted by the humanitarian situation in the Middle East.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
In response to the deepening crisis, the Foreign Secretary yesterday announced a further £15 million of aid and medical care for Gaza and the region, taking our total funding to £75 million this year.
We are working to get children with the most acute needs out of Gaza and into the UK for specialist NHS treatment.
The Foreign Secretary and I continue to urge the Israeli authorities to address the famine and the catastrophic humanitarian situation immediately.
More than 20,000 Palestinian children have been hospitalised for acute malnutrition this year alone.
Amnesty International has condemned Israel’s use of starvation as a “weapon of war”, and the UN deputy relief chief has called the aid blockade a “human-made crisis”.
Will the Minister move beyond words of condemnation and commit to concrete action, including stopping all arms exports to Israel, and immediately and unconditionally recognising the statehood of Palestine?
The hon.
Lady raises vital questions.
The IPC—integrated food security phase classification—report over the recess was truly horrifying: 500,000 people in Gaza are facing famine.
We continue to take the actions that we discussed in the House yesterday afternoon, in relation to recognition and the suspension of arms that could be used in Gaza.
I share many of my constituents’ despair and anger about the intolerable suffering in Gaza.
Last year, I had the privilege of meeting one of my constituents, Becky, to hear about her heartbreaking experience of delivering medical aid in Palestine.
Devastatingly, a year on, the situation is much worse, with Gaza now the child amputee capital of the world and thousands more families pushed to starvation.
There have been some welcome moves from the Government in recent months, but clearly not enough has yet been done—nothing can be until the suffering has stopped.
What further urgent action can we take to finally secure access to the aid that Gaza desperately needs, and end this intolerable suffering?