I am grateful to the Minister for giving me advance sight of her statement today, but here we are again: another day, another Government takeover of a key British manufacturing plant, another 1,500 jobs—1,500 people—facing an incredibly uncertain future, and the prospect of significant job losses alongside the wider economic impact across supply chains and in aerospace, defence and power generation that would result from the collapse of this specialist steelworks.
Despite so many warm words about the steel industry, despite so many Labour promises to the people who have worked their whole lives in that industry, and despite the impression of superiority while in opposition, this Labour Government are failing British industry.
They are failing to provide certainty of policy and the economic growth that they said was their central mission, and they are failing to get a grip on the issues that affect thousands of working people’s lives.
The Minister says she wants to provide certainty to the steel industry and the people who work in it.
She says that we can expect a bold steel strategy for the UK, but where is it?
The Government are not new any more; they have been in power for a year now, and there is still no clarity on this supposedly bold strategy.
The British steel industry faces a fierce dual set of pressures: new 25% US tariffs and continued high energy costs.
We all know that the energy costs in this country are too high, yet they have been driven only higher by  this Government’s ideological obsession with prioritising decarbonisation over economic growth.
Back in May, Liberty Steel warned that it faced significant challenges due to soaring energy costs, but instead of focusing on tackling the underlying causes of expensive energy, the Energy Secretary is backing windmills while leaving Britain’s oil and gas industry in the doldrums.
He is leaving our amazing British oil and gas—our greatest energy source—trapped under the North sea.
This is economic illiteracy aimed at satisfying their own green obsessions.
From steel to chemicals to cars, builders and makers across Britain are paying the price of this Government’s socialist green agenda, and it is their workers and investors who will lose out.
On tariffs, despite the economic prosperity deal agreed by the Prime Minister and President Trump, the agreement’s provisions lowering US tariffs on UK-produced steel and steel derivative products have still not come into effect.
The Government have repeatedly avoided answering questions in this House on when the agreement will come into effect.
We heard no mention whatsoever of it in the statement today or in the note yesterday, so I ask again: when will the provisions lowering US tariffs on UK steel come into effect?
Of course, even if those provisions do eventually come to fruition, steelworkers should beware of this Government, who have overpromised and under-delivered before, with devastating impacts for workers.
Just look at Jaguar Land Rover.
The Prime Minister looked workers dead in the eyes and promised that he would protect their industry and save their jobs.
He then used those workers as a Labour propaganda photo opportunity across television and the front pages when the UK-US deal was announced, but little over two months later, Jaguar Land Rover announced it was cutting 500 jobs.
The very same workers who were promised everything by the Prime Minister were left out in the cold by this Labour Government’s inability to secure a better trading relationship with our closest ally.
Let us today try to get some clarity on what exactly this Minister has done and will do for the British workers impacted at Liberty Steel.
First, she announced that the Government had agreed to funding the official receiver and that total— Order—[Interruption.]
No, it’s no use nodding at me.
I have not gone over time; it is the shadow Minister himself.
I am sure he is now coming to a conclusion.
I am, Mr Speaker.
Although I have lots of questions, I will ask just two very quick ones, if that is okay.
You must ask them now, otherwise I am going to stop you.
I will, Mr Speaker.
What is the budget for the official receiver?
The Minister has not laid out any costs.
She has said that it is related to market conditions but has not set out any estimates.
She knows that the Treasury will have approved estimates, so please will she set those out?
The Government have made the National Wealth Fund allocate £2.5 billion to British Steel.
Can she assure us that they will follow the investment allocation that assures its operational independence— Order.
Please, it is not acceptable on either side of the House to take advantage of the Back Benchers who want to get in.
You have a set amount of time.
If the Minister can stick to it, I expect the shadow Minister to do so.
If the Minister goes over time, I do then grant time the other way.
Please do not do this again.
Let us come to the Chair of the Select Committee.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker— Order.
The Minister needs to respond.
It’s been that long that I had forgotten.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I shall just explain to the shadow Minister how the system works.
The Government have not taken over control.
That is not the process of the official receiver.
The official receiver was appointed following a court case which began in 2024.
It has been a very long and arduous case.
The hon.
Gentleman will hopefully understand that I cannot set out the cost of the official receiver at this point because the official receiver has only just begun his work.
It is very early days and we cannot be specific.
We know the numbers will be in the millions, as opposed to anything more substantial, because the company is not operating in and of itself.
What we are doing is ensuring that the salaries are paid, which I hope the whole House would agree is the right thing to do.
Companies will be coming forward and expressing an interest in buying parts of the company, and it will be for the official receiver to look at that and see what process we should go through, but I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman the actual numbers on that.
I hope the whole House will understand why not.
On the shadow Minister’s wider point, if this Government had not intervened, thousands of people would have lost their livelihoods in Scunthorpe; that is a fact.
If this Government had not intervened, we would not have had a better deal for the workers in Port Talbot, we would not have been there supporting them in the transition, and we would not be there supporting the building of the electric arc furnace, which began back in July.
The shadow Minister asked what this Government have already done.
We have already changed the rules on procurement.
I have worked closely with colleagues in the Cabinet Office on that to ensure that where Government are spending money, we are spending on British business where we can—something his Government failed to do.
On energy prices, we have committed to lowering prices through the reduction in costs that will come from the expansion of the super-charger—something his Government failed to do.
We are working on a bold strategy, which we will publish this year, that will build on that.
Whether on trade protections—on which we have already taken measures—our scrap policy, R&D, jobs, apprenticeships or skills, we will have a bold strategy because we believe in steel, unlike the previous Government, who said that manufacturing is a Victorian pursuit best left to the Chinese.
We do not agree with that approach.
I will try again: I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I congratulate the Minister on saving Britain’s real engineering from years of financial engineering which was not in the best interests of this country and was more in the interests of the self-enrichment of the people behind it.
The question for us today, though, is what steps the Government will now take to ensure and safeguard a growing, thriving industry.
Will the Minister reassure the House that she will use us on the Committee to oversee the liabilities that the Department has taken on?
Crucially, will she set out when she expects those lower energy costs to kick in, when she expects the tariff barriers in the United States to come down, and when she will tie together the steel strategy, which I hope she will publish as soon as possible, for the House to debate?