One hundred and sixty-eight days ago, the Foreign Secretary described the Netanyahu Government’s aid blockade of Gaza as a “breach of international law”, before correcting himself to describe it as only risking a breach.
Yesterday, the Foreign Secretary told the House that Gaza faces a  “man-made famine” and that he was “outraged” by the Israeli Government’s block on aid, so do the Government now accept that Israel has breached international law?
Yesterday, the Foreign Secretary set out the long-standing position of Ministers on such determinations.
Under the previous Government, the threshold that this House set Governments was whether there was a real risk.
We have applied ourselves to that test, and we have found that there is a real risk.
Our actions from September onwards have flowed from that determination.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the Chagos Islands.
The Diego Garcia military base is essential to the security of the United Kingdom and our key allies, and to keeping the British people safe.
The treaty was tested at the highest level of the United States’ security establishment, which supported the deal.
The agreement has been backed by our key allies and international partners, including the US and all our Five Eyes partners.
India, Japan and South Korea have made clear their support for the deal.
By not even trying to go to court or argue the case, the Government have cost the taxpayer £30 billion.
Does the Minister agree with the Defence Minister who said that the deal represents “good value” for UK taxpayers?
As I have explained many times in the House, those figures are completely misleading.
The net present value of payments under the treaty is £3.4 billion.
The average cost of the deal in today’s money is £101 million per year.
That is just a fraction of our Defence budget, and represents a few hours of spending on our NHS.
This Government will not scrimp when it comes to the national security of the United Kingdom and our allies.