The Minister will know that Médecins Sans Frontières has referred to the locations used by the Gaza Humanitarian Foundation as sites of “orchestrated killing”.
What pressure are the Government bringing to bear on both the Israeli and US Governments to stop using the foundation and reinstate the United Nations-led system of aid delivery?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The Foreign Secretary set out our very clear views yesterday afternoon.
The GHF is not working and has led to thousands upon thousands of injuries and many, many deaths at its sites.
I have heard of the considerable looting that is associated with the lack of UN machinery—machinery that was functioning effectively.
I am glad to tell the House that there does appear to be more aid getting into Gaza in total, and the cost of flour has slightly reduced, but there is still considerable looting.
The aid operation is not working as it should.
The UK supports the UN and its agencies.
The GHF is not working.
The UN has now confirmed famine in Gaza City.
More than half a million people face catastrophic conditions of starvation, destitution and death.
This is a man-made disaster, described by the UN Secretary-General as “a failure of humanity”.
At least 600 daily truckloads are needed to avert further famine-related deaths, yet Israel continues to block aid.
Will the Government commit today to concrete actions to pressure the Israeli Government to lift the obstruction, including sanctioning all members of the Cabinet, including Netanyahu, who are complicit in the illegal aid blockade?
I have been clear already about our views on the vital urgency of lifting aid restrictions.
I have gone myself to the border to see our aid in al-Arish.
I have spoken to our partners.
UK-Med, for example, has been chasing consignments since March.
We make these points with force to the Israeli Government, and we have already taken far-reaching sanction action, as discussed by the Foreign Secretary yesterday afternoon.
In famine conditions, new mothers often eat last and eat the least.
This time next year, around 55,000 pregnant and breastfeeding women in Gaza could be at risk of death by starvation that is man-made.
Following Belgium’s announcement today of new sanctions and a review of contracts with Israeli companies, can the Minister say what consequences Israel will face if it continues to starve the population of Gaza?
My hon.
Friend has a long track record of raising such issues, and she is absolutely right to highlight the fate of pregnant women and those who have recently given birth in Gaza.
I am pleased to tell the House that we are still able to get some supplies relevant to those challenges into Gaza, but clearly in a famine of this nature, pregnant women and recently born children suffer the worst.
We have allocated a further £3 million via the UNFPA—the UN Population Fund—to try to provide the services needed.
We will continue to do all we can with the Israeli Government to ensure that they provide the access required.
President Trump and envoy Steve Witkoff played an important role in securing the previous ceasefire agreement.
At crucial moments, Netanyahu has been receptive to Trump’s wishes; we saw that earlier this year, when Israel and Iran stepped back from the brink.
As the White House has a defining role to play here, will the Foreign Secretary, with our allies, urge the US to apply its full weight to its leverage?
I agree very much with my hon.
Friend.
The US of course has a key role to play in securing a lasting peace in the region.
As the Foreign Secretary said yesterday, he has raised the issues directly with his American counterparts, as have the rest of the ministerial team.
I confirm the Government’s full support for the US, Qatar and Egypt in their vital work to secure a sustainable ceasefire.