The Government have now been forced to admit the real cost of the catastrophic Chagos surrender deal: it is not £3.4 billion—oh no, Mr Speaker—it is a mind blowing £34.7 billion, which is 10 times more that we were told.
No wonder Mauritius is planning tax cuts of its own, and it is British businesses and families who will pay the price.
This deal leaves our country poorer, our defence capabilities damaged and our standing in the world weakened.
Will the Minister now apologise to the British people for this epic failure in diplomacy, withdraw his Chagos surrender Bill and keep the islands British?
How ever many times the hon.
Gentleman,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  or the Conservative party in its emails to supporters make this claim about the cost, it does not mean that it is true—it is not.
The £30 billion figure is inaccurate and misleading.
It is wrong to ignore the cost of inflation and the change in the value of money, over the real cost of a deal that lasts 99 years.
The figures are verified by the Government Actuary’s Department, drawing on long-established methodology.
I have set out the costs.
We will not scrimp on national security.
Quite frankly, the brass neck from Conservative Members, after they disinvested in our armed forces and our defence over the entire time they were in office, is quite extraordinary.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help protect democracy in Georgia.
We are deeply concerned about the situation in Georgia, as I have discussed with my hon.
Friend on a number of occasions.
We are working closely with European allies to protect democracy in Georgia.
In June, I convened a meeting of European partners to discuss and address the democratic backsliding in Georgia, and on  11 July  the Foreign Secretary condemned the detention of opposition leaders  in a statement with European Foreign Ministers.
We remain committed to Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic path and democratic norms.
May I join you, Mr Speaker, in congratulating the Minister on his nuptials?
I thank him for the lead he has taken on Georgia.
He will know, because he has recently been in Georgia, that over the summer the situation has dramatically worsened: opposition leaders have been jailed, young democracy activists have been given life-changing prison sentences, and the civil society organisations that are trying to protect democracy have been threatened with prosecution.
The complaint of the democracy activists I used to work with is that all of this brutality is happening while the regime’s money is washed through business associates in London.
Will the Minister target the people who are responsible for this brutality and hold them accountable?
My hon.
Friend raises important and serious issues.
He knows that the Foreign Secretary and I prioritise tackling illicit finance more broadly.
I will not comment on future potential measures, but he will know that we have imposed a number of sanctions on Georgian Dream Ministers, on police chiefs and on Georgian judges under the global anti-corruption sanctions regime.
Indeed, in April we also sanctioned the general prosecutor, the head of the special investigatory service and other officials.
I cannot comment on future steps, but he can be assured that I am following this issue daily.
I join others in congratulating the Minister on his nuptials—that is happy news for everybody.
The Minister will be aware of the fantastic work that UK-based non-governmental organisations have done about civil society stability, which is crucial in these darker times.
With the cuts to the international development budget, will the Minister assure me that work in that space in Georgia and elsewhere will not be undermined as a result of those cuts?
I set out the position on the changes to our aid budget earlier.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we recognise the important work that civil society does in Georgia, and indeed more broadly, in ensuring a free society.
He will appreciate that the situation there is very difficult.
We have suspended all our programme support for the Georgian Government, restricted our defence co-operation, limited our engagement with Georgian Dream representatives and frozen the annual strategic dialogue in response to the very disturbing direction of travel that we have seen in Georgia.
I also thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind comments.