It is indeed time for a step change in the UK’s response to the sinister crackdown on freedom and political opposition in Georgia.
It is welcome that the Minister is assessing asset bans and freezes on those responsible for this wholly unacceptable situation.
May I ask that he steps up efforts for the Georgian civil society counter-destabilisation hybrid activities, especially in the information space and the actors that might be involved in that?
What discussions has he had with the US Administration in the light of the MEGOBARI Bill going through Congress?
We engage regularly with international counterparts on Georgia and on wider stability in the south Caucasus.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned the importance of media freedom.
He will know that we condemned the disproportionate and politically motivated sentencing of Mzia Amaglobeli in August; she has been sentenced to two years in prison, and we call for her immediate release.
I also discussed the wider situation with Georgia’s fifth president, President Zourabichvili, on her recent visit to the UK, and I expressed my support for her work supporting democracy in Georgia.
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand that I will not comment on further measures, but he can be absolutely assured that I am closely following matters, as are other colleagues across Government.
What progress his Department has made on the evacuation of UK scholarship students from Gaza.
I have been working closely with the Home Secretary to ensure that students from Gaza, including Chevening scholars, can secure their UK visas.
We are expecting nine Chevening students to start their courses soon.
I am pleased to say that we are extending this support to students in Gaza with full scholarships.
Yara is a 24-year-old student from Gaza City.
Her ambition is to study international law and global justice, and earlier this year she won a scholarship at the University of Sheffield to do just that.
Yara is one of more than 80 scholarship students trapped in Gaza today, displaced again and again, with all her belongings packed into a small bag and ready to move at a moment’s notice.
This scholarship offers her a chance to escape Israel’s genocide, famine and bombardment, which has flattened more than 1,000 buildings in Yara’s neighbourhood in just one week.
Can the Foreign Secretary guarantee that Yara and other students like her will not be left stranded and will be immediately evacuated by the Government in time for their courses to start this month?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing Yara to the attention of the House.
Of course we want to see bright students like her able to achieve their ambitions.
We are reliant on Israeli permissions and on students having a full scholarship, but what I can do is ensure that the Minister for the Middle East meets my hon.
Friend to discuss this case in detail.
Along with thousands of other children, my youngest son is today going back for his first day at school.
Unfortunately, more than 660,000 Gazan children—those who have not been butchered or maimed irreversibly by the Israel Defence Forces—are being denied schooling for the third consecutive year.
That is not surprising, given that 97% of schools have already been virtually destroyed.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the next generation of Palestinians can access education, alongside launching a bespoke visa system that enables students to come to study here in the UK?
If not, why not?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise with the House the plight of children in Gaza.
Yesterday I mentioned my concerns about malnourished children and what that does for their educational outcomes.
Yesterday he will have heard the Home Secretary and myself undertake to do more to support students with full scholarships to come to our country.
Of course, as the hon.
Gentleman would expect, I press the Israeli Foreign Minister on these very same issues.
What steps he is taking to support a ceasefire in Gaza.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help secure peace in the Middle East.
What discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on civilian deaths in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help restore the ceasefire in Gaza.
The situation on the ground in Gaza is horrendous, and we urgently want to see a deal done to end the suffering on all sides.
An immediate ceasefire is our overwhelming priority, alongside the unconditional release of all hostages and a large-scale delivery of aid.
The ceasefire must be sustainable and lead to a wider peace plan, which we are developing with our international partners.
My constituency of Watford is a richly ethnically diverse community.
When I speak to residents there about the conflict in Gaza, the overwhelming desire is for the killing to stop, for the hostages to be released and for the people of Gaza to be able to live in peace.
Will the Secretary of State further outline what steps the Government are taking to aid international efforts to broker the ceasefire and what is frustrating it?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
Diplomacy, not bloodshed, is how we get security for both Israelis and Palestinians, and getting to a ceasefire is the immediate priority.
I will be in the region again in the coming days, discussing with them the Prime Minister’s framework for peace, which is the only plan, and how we govern Gaza and move forward once we get to that ceasefire, building a consensus around a sustainable end to the conflict.
I reiterate the concerns raised last night by my fellow journalist and hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang)  in highlighting Gaza as the deadliest war for journalists.
Over 189 have been killed since October 2023, despite  reporters being categorised as protected civilians under international law.
Israel seems set on a deadly campaign to silence journalists in Gaza while refusing entry to other international journalists.
Can the Secretary of State join me in condemning that strategy and in paying tribute to those who are risking their lives to get news out of Gaza, and also commend our own domestic broadcasters—including the much-maligned BBC—for keeping us informed on what is going on there?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter to the House’s attention.
I strongly condemn all violence directed against journalists, and call on the Israeli authorities to make every effort to ensure that media workers across the region can conduct their work freely and safely.
Deliberate targeting of journalists is entirely unacceptable.
International humanitarian law offers protection to civilian journalists during any armed conflicts, and those laws should be abided by.
I call for all attacks to be investigated and for those responsible to be prosecuted.
Last week’s Nasser hospital bombings murdered many innocent people, including five journalists, and the double-tap method used was particularly barbaric.
Article 79 of the Geneva convention states that journalists are civilians during war, and article 8 of the Rome statute makes it clear that attacking civilians in a hospital is a war crime.
I agreed with The Guardian’s editorial yesterday when it stated that “Israel wants to stop the world from seeing what it’s doing”.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that the Nasser hospital bombings are a war crime, and what action will he be taking against Israel?
On  21 August  the UK joined a Media Freedom Coalition statement calling on and urging Israel to allow immediate independent foreign media access and afford protection to journalists operating in Gaza.
There must now be a full, independent investigation into what happened at the Nasser hospital, and my hon.
Friend is right to call to mind the importance of abiding by international humanitarian law.
The world has watched in horror as humanitarian aid has been blocked from reaching Gaza, leading to a famine that is claiming the lives of those who survived the bombs.
Meanwhile, in the west bank, the Israeli Government turn a blind eye to rampant settler violence and openly approve new settlements that could end the very possibility of a two-state solution.
Can the Foreign Secretary assure the House that he is doing everything he can, not only to end the mass killing but to secure a lasting peace between two equal states in Israel and Palestine?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
The confirmation of famine is utterly horrifying.
I am appalled by the shocking levels of settler violence, and I have been clear that Israel must clamp down on that violence.
The Government have introduced three rounds of sanctions related to settler violence, including the July sanctions on Ben-Gvir and Smotrich for the incitement of violence against Palestinian communities.
The only way to deliver long-term peace and security for Palestinians and Israelis alike is through a viable two-state solution.
The remaining hostages in Gaza—those who are still alive—are being starved, persecuted and prevented from getting any form of medical aid.
When the Foreign Secretary visits the region, will he force the International Red Cross to seek the hostages and ensure that they are given the medical attention they need?
The hon.
Gentleman has always brought the issues of hostages to mind in this House, and I applaud him for that work.
I met with hostage families just before the summer recess, and I will again in the coming weeks.
The recent photos showing hostages malnourished and starved were obscene, and I will do all I can to ensure that they get the aid and support that they need, underground in those tunnels.
It is clear that the stated war goals of many elements of the Israeli Government are not a ceasefire and a lasting peace between two communities living side by side in peace, but ethnically cleansing Gaza and preventing a viable state in the west bank.
Will the Secretary of State therefore commit to sanctioning the head of the Israeli Government, Benjamin Netanyahu?
The hon.
Gentleman should look closely at the three packages of sanctions that we have had since coming to office.
He will see that there is no other country in the world with the range of sanctions against those who incite in particular settler violence and expansion.
Israel has breached two ceasefires to date.
Its bombing, its killing and now its starvation have continued for months.
It is not just the hostages who are not getting food; it is also babies, children, women and men.
The impunity that Israel has to continue to perpetrate war crime after war crime, atrocity after atrocity—when will the UK and the international community say enough is enough and take real action to put an end to the killing and to help the hostages be freed?
It is not enough to assert it or say it.
That is why we restored funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
That is why we have had three packages of sanctions.
That is why yesterday I announced an extra £15 million of aid.
That is why I have spoken to my Israeli counterpart nearly every week—certainly every month—that I have been in office.
It is why we have corralled the international community with the statements we have made.
It is not about words; it is about action to bring this to an end.