The Minister is obviously incredibly committed to the steel industry, as we all are, but manufacturing will continue to struggle in this country when it pays energy prices that are so much higher than competitors in Germany and France.
Can the Minister assure the House that in a year’s time, following the Government strategy, manufacturers—whether ceramics or steel—will be paying the same amount for their industrial energy prices as their German and French competitors?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
Of course, our energy prices are too high and it is difficult for companies to compete.
We are taking action to address that, in the first instance by expanding the super-charger, which will make a significant difference to industries that use significant amounts of energy.
We will also introduce an electricity scheme in 2027—it is a complex process and will take time to bring in—meaning that around 7,000 companies across the country will also have significant reductions in their energy costs.
We are taking what we believe to be the right measures in our industrial strategy through those two interventions, to ensure that our energy costs come down and that we can be competitive among our European counterparts.
Liberty’s Speciality Steels UK has failed its highly skilled workers.
This ongoing situation has been deeply concerning, so I am delighted that the Minister has offered her solidarity and the Government’s support for the incredible workforce at the site in South Yorkshire.
It is hugely positive—and a great contrast with the 14 years of Conservative Government—that this Government have stepped in and appointed an official receiver to protect the 1,400-plus jobs at the two sites, including Stocksbridge Speciality Steels in my constituency.
The Secretary of State has acknowledged in this Chamber the strategic significance of those sites to national security, and we must ensure that those businesses are supported in  fulfilling their capability and have, as the Minister has recognised, a strong future.
Will she take adequate time to find a responsible buyer with the right deal, and during that time will workers be kept in employment with salaries continuing to be paid, while efforts are made by her and the official receiver to resolve the outstanding pension issues?
My hon.
Friend and I have spoken many times about this—she is such a champion for the industry, as are many colleagues.
She is right to point to the importance to the country of the work at Stocksbridge.
Of course, we will do what we need to do through the process of the official receiver to ensure that people get the salaries that they need.
For the past couple of years, so many of those people have been on furlough—we want to turn that around.
We believe that this viable industry is languishing unnecessarily.
The Government will provide the right support through interventions such as our energy reduction measures, and work with the official receiver.
I can tell her that multiple companies are interested and coming forward, and we need to establish how viable those offers are and what the best situation is.
Of course, the official receiver must think of the best outcome for the creditors, but we take a close interest in that.
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the pensions issue.
I know that there is uncertainty.
The official receiver and Teneo are considering these issues now to see exactly what has and has not been paid so that we can unpick the pensions issue.
This is the second crisis in the steel industry in the past year.
It impacts other commercially operated industries that are critical to our national security.
In Lancashire, the failure to place an order for 25 Typhoon jets is risking thousands of jobs in the critical defence industry of BAE Systems.
There is also a lack of join-up between Departments, which do not realise that the whole life-cycle of nuclear fuel manufacturing is equally critical for our national infrastructure and impacts on hundreds of highly skilled jobs in Lancashire at the Westinghouse Springfields site.
Will the Minister update me on her work with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that commercially operated industries that are critical to our national defence capability and security are strategically supported to be sustainable in the future?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to point out the importance of our defence industry and the need for us to support it.
Of course, the industrial strategy outlined eight growth-driving sectors that we believe can be turbocharged with Government support—defence was one of them.
We have published those sector plans, apart from the defence one, which will come shortly—he should look out for it.
We have significantly increased funding for defence, which will lead to thousands of jobs across the UK.
I will work closely with my colleagues in defence, particularly the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry, to ensure that we procure UK jobs where we can and support our industry to grow.