I set out the detail of the sanctions to which my hon.
Friend refers, and the Foreign Secretary has announced a review of some of the elements of our bilateral co-operation with Israel, including a number of steps in relation to free trade agreements and so on.
I am grateful for the leadership that the Foreign Secretary and the Minister for the Middle East showed over the summer in their visit to Syria and in engaging with the Syrian Government, especially on the violence that took place in Suwayda.
As UK special envoy for freedom of religion or belief, I was particularly worried to see that the violence especially affected the Druze and Christian minorities in that country.
What more can we do to work with the Syrian Government to ensure that they protect all their citizens, regardless of their religion?
My hon.
Friend asks a vital question, which I raised directly with the Syrian Minister of Justice and the Syrian Foreign Minister last week.
The violence—in coastal regions, targeting Alawites, and in Suwayda in the south, targeting Druze and others—was deeply concerning.
The Syrians have conducted an investigation relatively independently in relation to the violence at the coast.
I called on them, as the Foreign Secretary has done before, to do everything they can to ensure that minorities in the new Syria feel safe and protected by the Syrian Government.
Despite the strategic dialogue referred to by the Foreign Secretary, the Government have decided to veto the UK-Morocco power project, so what are they doing in practical terms to maintain the momentum in our relationship created by the association agreement signed with Morocco in 2019?
There was no veto.
It is right that the Government look at all projects through a value-for-money lens.
I was very pleased to be in Morocco, I remain engaged with its Foreign Minister, and I will build on that strategic visit.
There is much to do over the coming months.
I was pleased to read that the Government are finally taking steps to rejoin the Erasmus+ programme—something for which the Liberal Democrats have been calling for some time.
Will the Minister now set out a timetable mandate and expected terms for UK reassociation with that programme?
I do not want to go into the details.
We are involved in many different discussions with the European Union following our historic summit on  19 May .
I attended the Gymnich with Foreign Ministers in Denmark last weekend.
We are progressing this alongside the Paymaster General and Minister for the Cabinet Office, and we will provide details in due course.
Save the Children reports that 61% of pregnant women and new mothers in Gaza were malnourished in early August: a sharp rise linked to the blockade and health system collapse.
Will the Government consider enabling the medical transfer of pregnant women needing specialist care to the UK and outline their strategy for supporting Gaza’s long-term recovery, stability and maternity health?
These children are the future of the two-state solution.
My hon.
Friend is right, as was my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen) , to raise the fate of pregnant women in Gaza, and indeed of those who have recently given birth.
I am happy to meet her to discuss these issues in greater detail.
I would like to make a statement regarding the insolvency of Speciality Steel UK Ltd, which is part of the Liberty Steel Group.
Hon.
Members will have seen that the High Court granted a compulsory winding-up order against Liberty Speciality Steels on  21 August , and the company has now entered liquidation.
First and foremost, let me say this: the Government stand with the affected steelworkers in Rotherham, in Sheffield and in Wednesbury.
We stand with their families and the communities, who will undoubtedly be worried at this difficult time.
I would like to reassure them and all those employed by Liberty Speciality Steels that we are standing by with our rapid response teams to give immediate support on the ground if required, that we are working with the trade unions and the South Yorkshire Mayor, and that we are working with the councils and hon.
Members from affected constituencies to offer all the help we can.
I also want to stress that there will be no immediate changes to the current operation of the business, including to employees’ jobs.
Following the appointment of special managers, the company’s sites have been secured and employee payroll processed within 24 hours.
Other Liberty Steel companies outside Speciality Steel, such as Liberty Dalzell and Liberty Hartlepool, are not affected by this action.
Following the company’s liquidation, the official receiver has been appointed as liquidator by the court.
Hon.
Members will know that the official receiver operates independently of Government, with a statutory duty to act in the best interests of creditors.
Yesterday, I laid a departmental minute notifying the House of the contingent liabilities associated with this intervention.
I regret that, due to the liquidation taking place during recess, we have not been able to follow the usual notice period of 14 parliamentary sitting days.
However, a copy of the departmental minute will be placed in the Libraries of both Houses.
In addition, the Government have agreed to funding for the official receiver, who will now stabilise operations.
The official receiver will gather company information and report to us on the likely next steps, including options for the company’s business and sites.
The total costs will depend on market conditions and the strategy adopted by the official receiver.
However, that will be subject to close scrutiny by my Department and the Insolvency Service.
As the House will be aware, the company has faced severe financial and operational difficulties since 2021.
Liberty Speciality Steels had failed to file accounts for over six years—a failure that has led to a separate prosecution by Companies House of its parent company.
I am sure that the official receiver will want to gain a better understanding of the company’s business and the conduct of its directors leading up to the liquidation.
I also inform the House that the director of the company is currently under investigation by the Serious Fraud Office for suspected fraud, fraudulent trading and money laundering.
Given that, I am sure hon.
Members will agree that it would have been wholly inappropriate for the Government to enter into commercial arrangements with the company.
This Government will always take difficult decisions when they are in the national interest.
That is why, in April, we acted to prevent the pre-emptive closure of the blast furnaces at British Steel in Scunthorpe.
In the case of Liberty Steel, the lack of transparency, the legal and financial risks and the complete absence of reliable corporate information meant we had no credible route to act before insolvency.
It is worth noting that Liberty Speciality Steels uses electric arc furnace technology that can be powered up or down as needed—although it should be noted that those furnaces have not been operating since July of last year.
That was the situation this Government inherited.
The circumstances in Scunthorpe were fundamentally different.
British Steel operates the UK’s last remaining blast furnaces—assets that, once shut down, cannot simply be restarted.
Allowing those blast furnaces to be closed pre-emptively would have removed our ability to make strategic choices about the future of steelmaking in Scunthorpe, and that was not a position this Government were prepared to accept.
Scunthorpe was therefore a truly exceptional situation and that is why we took the unprecedented step of implementing the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Act 2025 to maintain the safe operation of the blast furnaces.
The situation with Liberty Speciality Steels is not comparable.
The company was issued with a winding-up order by the High Court due to longstanding financial issues.
Spending taxpayers’ money on a company operating in such a way would have exposed taxpayers to hundreds of millions—potentially billions—of pounds in hidden costs.
With all that said, I very much believe that the steelmaking sites in Rotherham, Stocksbridge, Brinsworth and Wednesbury have a future.
I am keen to see them return to production, but that has to be achieved through private investment by an owner who can invest in the workforce and in the future of the business so that they put it on a long-term, sustainable footing.
We know that the business environment has not been good enough for the UK’s steel industry, which is why we have already made substantial changes to secure a stronger future for it.
I will say more about the steps that we have taken shortly.
In the case of Liberty Speciality Steels, it goes without saying that the company’s hardworking employees are key to turning the sites around.
Their skills and expertise will be essential in delivering that brighter future.
However, in its current state, producing only minimal volumes of steel and with many employees still on furlough, we know that some tough choices lie ahead.
It is now for the official receiver to determine the next steps in the insolvency process.
But let me be clear: this Government will stand by this workforce and do all we can to support them through this period of uncertainty.
Despite the challenges facing the steel sector today after years of neglect under the previous Government, we believe that this industry will bounce back and grow stronger tomorrow.
This Government are doing everything we can to make that happen.
We are pressing ahead with a bold steel strategy for the UK, set to be published later this year.
That strategy will set out our vision for a competitive, decarbonised and resilient domestic steel industry.
Our approach is clear: we want the UK steel sector to thrive, with strong private investment and commercially sustainable operations at its core.
Under our new industrial strategy, we have already announced some major policy changes to increase the future viability of the steel industry.
We are reducing electricity costs for steel producers by increasing network charge discounts through the supercharger from 60% to 90%.
We are changing Government procurement rules via the publication of a new steel public procurement notice to ensure that UK-made steel is considered for all public projects.
We are also strengthening current steel safeguard measures, ensuring that UK steel producers will not be undercut while still ensuring that the UK has a steady and reliable supply.
Hon.
Members will know that we have also secured a much-improved deal for the workers of Port Talbot—something the Opposition repeatedly said could never be achieved—and we delivered it alongside a £500 million grant to support the transition to low-carbon electric arc furnace production.
I was proud to attend the groundbreaking event for this in July with the chair of Tata Group.
We will continue to work hand in hand with this vital British industry to ensure its long-term success.
Let there be no doubt that, for Liberty Speciality Steels, we will pursue every option to keep steelmaking in Rotherham, Sheffield, South Yorkshire and the west midlands.
We will offer all possible support to the independent official receiver on the all-important next phase, and we will continue to work with hon.
Members across the House to ensure that the UK remains a proud steelmaking country now and for many years to come.
I commend this statement to the House.