On 23 July, my constituent Dr Lindsey Fitzharris, a naturalised British citizen who is undergoing cancer treatment, was denied boarding her flight home to the UK from the US, a journey she has made numerous times without trouble.
She was told to contact the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office for an emergency travel document, but it took three weeks —including interventions by me—to get her home for treatment.
How can it have taken three weeks in an emergency to do so?
Will the Department apologise to Dr Fitzharris and investigate the matter fully?
The Foreign Office seeks in its consular assistance to always provide timely support to British nationals overseas.
I will investigate the case and report back to the hon.
Lady.
This week, the International Association of Genocide Scholars passed a resolution concluding that Israel’s conduct meets the legal definition of genocide, as laid out in the UN convention, noting in particular the killing and injuring of 50,000 Palestinian children.
What assessment does the Foreign Secretary make of this resolution, and does he agree that we must go further to ensure accountability for these crimes and justice for the Palestinian people?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her work on these matters.
We have seen those reports; the Foreign Secretary referred to them in the House yesterday  afternoon.
As I said earlier, the threshold that the Government must test against is the one we outlined in September, which is about the real risk.
We have found that there is a real risk, and our actions have flowed from that determination.
It has been more than a fortnight since the Alaska summit, and the deadline set by President Trump at that time has now passed.
What diplomatic efforts are the Government making to maintain US focus on the Ukrainian theatre of operations in the face of Russian intransigence?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that our National Security Adviser and I are in direct touch with the Ukrainians on these issues, and the Chief of the Defence Staff was in Washington last week following up on these matters.
I think we are all grateful to Tony Radakin, who leaves today after 35 years of service to our country, for the work he is doing.
Of course, the Defence Secretary is also co-ordinating via the coalition of the willing.