As Ukraine passes the grim milestone of its fourth independence day since Putin began his barbaric invasion, we have seen nothing but sustained aerial assaults and brutality from Putin.
May I ask the Foreign Secretary directly what he will do to redouble his efforts in relation to sanctions—specific sanctions on those who are profiteering and making money from Russian oil?
That is effectively what is fuelling Putin’s war machine and his barbaric assault on democracy.
I am grateful for the cross-party support in the Chamber on the issue of Ukraine.
We have done a lot to lower the oil price cap, which I think has been essential.
We, alongside the last Government, have the largest package of sanctions anywhere in the world  against Putin’s war machine.
I cannot comment from the Dispatch Box on further sanctions, but the right hon.
Lady will see an announcement very shortly.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Yesterday I updated the House on the unimaginably bleak situation in Gaza and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I shared the latest on Iran’s dangerous nuclear programme, and my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary set out Britain’s unwavering support for Ukraine.
May I also mention the tragic earthquake in Kunar province in Afghanistan?
We have announced a package of support for those who have been killed.
The Foreign Secretary wants to pay a huge amount of taxpayers’ money to Mauritius to lease back a military base that we already own.
Why is he afraid of holding a vote on this policy?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman has not been in Parliament very long, but he will see that there is a Second Reading next week, and of course there will be a vote.
For Palestinians, if suffering decades of oppression and apartheid, thousands being killed, and millions confined in an ever-reducing area as their homes are stolen and communities are destroyed was not bad enough, now the American President is devising a plan to carve up what is left of Palestinian territory for prime real estate.
Will the Foreign Secretary categorically say at the Dispatch Box today that under no circumstances will the UK support this reprehensible plan to ethnically cleanse Palestine and create a “Gaza Riviera”, a “Trump Gaza” or whatever this grotesque plan is?
I say to my hon.
Friend that we have been clear right throughout this crisis that Palestinian territory must not be reduced in the conduct of this war, and we do not support the forced displacement of people.
Palestinian civilians must be permitted to return to their communities and rebuild their lives.