The Joint Committee on Human Rights’ recent report into transnational repression recommended that China be placed on the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme, alongside Iran and Russia.
Clearly, this follows concerns following the China audit and the national security strategy, so I have a very specific question for the Foreign Secretary: when will he recognise that China is a threat to our national security and put it on the enhanced tier of FIRS?
The right hon.
Lady and I exchanged debate when we published the China audit.
There was discussion at the national security strategy, and the Defence Secretary also set out his concerns about Chinese  activity in the South China sea in the defence strategy.
There have been a lot of debates and discussion in relation to China, and I have been very clear that there are areas where we will co-operate, but we will always challenge where we must.
On  7 August , I wrote to the Foreign Secretary about the deadly sectarian violence that we have witnessed in Syria, which threatens further destabilisation and fallout that we all know could come soon.
While I have not received a response, I did specifically ask in that letter whether he would call for justice and accountability for those responsible for the recent killings—the reports are very shocking.
Does he agree that there could be a role for the Commission for International Justice and Accountability, which I understand the Minister for the Middle East met and praised in Damascus just last week?
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
It was important for me to look into the eyes of al-Sharaa when I was in Syria, and the Minister for the Middle East was also in Syria very recently.
I have been concerned about the increase in terrorist activity and about the position of minorities, and of course we continue to discuss this with the Syrians.
We are also worried about those in the neighbourhood, like Israel, as some of the activity is destabilising what is going on, and of course I will look at the issue that she raises.
My constituents Lee and Joanna Woodcock’s daughter Holly was found deceased in France in August last year.
They have raised significant concerns regarding the investigation by the French authorities, and some lesser concerns regarding the support they have received from the FCDO.
Will the Minister meet Mr and Mrs Woodcock to hear directly about their experience?
First, I express my deep condolences over Holly’s death.
I know this is a very distressing time for Mr and Mrs Woodcock and the whole family.
My hon.
Friend will know about the consular support that is being provided, as we have spoken about that.
I would, of course, be very happy to meet him and the Woodcock family to discuss the matter further, although he will understand that I cannot get directly involved in overseas investigations by authorities in France.