Since Congress first designated Rock Creek Park, several structures

and properties have been established or donated to further preserve

Rock Creek Park, creating a vast connected park area that falls under a

central National Park Service jurisdiction.
In 1892, the federal

government acquired Peirce Mill in Rock Creek Park, one of the mills

used by local farmers during the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries.
In

1950, the Old Stone House located in Georgetown, with its pre-

Revolutionary War architecture, was acquired by the park.
The building

was restored and programs explain the house's rich history from the

colonial period to the present day.
The Fort Circle Parks were also

acquired to interpret and preserve the Civil War Defenses of

Washington, which created a ring of protection for the Nation's capital

during the Civil War.
The Carter Barron Amphitheater, established in

honor of the 150th anniversary of the Nation's capital, became an

integral part of D.C.'s live music scene, and has featured acts

including Ella Fitzgerald, Diana Ross, and Earth, Wind and Fire, as

well as local artists.
The redesignated ``Rock Creek National Park''

would encompass these later additions to the park.
Today, Rock Creek Park offers residents of D.C., Maryland, and

Northern Virginia, as well as visitors, an escape from our increasingly

urban environment.
Residents and tourists alike enjoy many activities

in the park's 2,000 acres, including hiking and biking on the trails,

horseback riding, picnicking, tennis, and other recreational activities

in some of the open fields.
Our residents have expressed their

appreciation by volunteering to clean up and maintain the forests,

trails, and waterways.
In 1918, landscape architects John Charles Olmstead and Frederick Law

Olmstead, Jr. wrote of Rock Creek Park, ``No matter how perfect the

scenery of the park may be or may become, no matter how high its

potential value, that value remains potential except insofar as it is

enjoyed by large and ever larger numbers of people, poor and rich

alike,'' Redesignating Rock Creek Park as Rock Creek National Park will

help recognize the national status of the park and protect and

revitalize this remarkable resource in our Nation's capital.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
COLIN Z. ALLRED

Mr. ALLRED.
Mr. Speaker, on April 20, 2024, I was absent during the

time of the following vote.
Had I been present, I would have voted: NAY

on Roll Call No.
143, H.R. 3602, End the Border Catastrophe Act.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AMIRA PEREA

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Amira Perea for

earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Amira has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Amira, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Amira's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Arvada K-8 and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Amira Perea on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DAMON GOEBEL

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Damon Goebel

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Damon has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Damon, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Damon's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Arvada K-8 and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.