There is real and growing concern that

Aliyev has his eyes set on land beyond Artsakh.
To this day,

Azerbaijani forces remain present on sovereign Armenian land, in

violation of Armenia's sovereignty and territorial integrity.
Though the United States and international partners have condemned

Azerbaijan's aggression and military assault against Armenians, the

time for strong statements alone has clearly long passed.
Condemnation

must be followed by real meaningful consequences.
The United States

must hold Azerbaijan and its leadership accountable.
Crimes against

humanity cannot be ignored and cannot go unanswered.
The United States must suspend military assistance to Azerbaijan,

impose Global Magnitsky Act sanctions on Azerbaijani officials

complicit in war crimes and other gross human rights violations, call

for Azerbaijan's release of Armenian prisoners of war, hostages,

leaders of Artsakh, and other illegally detained persons, and urge the

immediate withdrawal of Azerbaijani forces from the sovereign territory

of the Republic of Armenia.
Further, we must provide robust

humanitarian assistance to Armenia and the Armenian people, advocate

for the right of displaced persons and refugees to return to their

homes in Artsakh, with a commitment to safeguarding their individual

and collective property rights.
Finally.
we must also call attention to

the destruction and desecration of Armenian religious and cultural

sites by Azerbaijan and urge their safeguarding and preservation.
On this solemn anniversary, as we pause to remember the innocent

victims of the Armenian Genocide, we also reflect on the resilience of

those who survived, and the perseverance of their children and

grandchildren, who built new lives in the United States and around the

world, speak the beautiful Armenian language, and enrich our nation

with the Armenian culture and heritage Armenians refused to let the

Genocide define their lives or to limit their future potential.
Instead, they showed the world that Armenians could face the future

with courage, knowing that they have already overcome the worst

atrocities of the past.
Despite the struggles the Armenian people have faced and continue to

face, it has not broken their faith, determination, or their will to

press on.
They have overcome the harshest of trials, and yet, they

remain strong and unbowed, in Los Angeles, in Yerevan, and around the

world.
I will always stand with the Armenian community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING INDIANA STATE REPRESENTATIVE JERRY TORR

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Indiana State

Representative Jerry Torr as he prepares to retire from the Statehouse

after almost three decades of service.
Rep. Torr's long and distinguished service in the House has made him

a legend in Indiana and has earned him the respect of the hundreds of

legislators who have served alongside him over the years.
Jerry's contributions to the state of Indiana have been numerous and

significant.
Most notably, he was instrumental in making Indiana a

right-to-work state and spearheaded the legislation that moved Indiana

to daylight saving time.
His work to allow Hoosiers with minor pre-

existing conditions to be insured illustrates his effectiveness, but

also his advocacy and concern for the people of his state.
To those who have followed Indiana politics and government for the

past 30 years or so, Jerry has been a fixture.
He has consistently

represented the best of what it means to be a public servant.
Beyond

his legislative accomplishments, his leadership has been characterized

by integrity and fairness.
His presence in the halls of the Statehouse

will be missed, but his legacy will inspire Hoosier leaders for years

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LINDA LEWIS-EVERETT

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to present Linda Lewis-Everett

with the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award for her service to

the country, community, and the city of Indianapolis.
Each month, my office recognizes women veterans who are often

overlooked and underrepresented, especially women of color.