ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to present Linda Lewis-Everett

with the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award for her service to

the country, community, and the city of Indianapolis.
Each month, my office recognizes women veterans who are often

overlooked and underrepresented, especially women of color.
Inspired by

its namesake, this award was created to highlight exemplary Hoosier

women veterans whose service to their community and nation is

unparalleled.
These women are inspirational and guided by a deep love

for their fellow veterans.
Known to many for her commitment to assisting others, Linda's journey

of service began at the young age of 22 when she enlisted in the United

States Army, where she proudly served our country and achieved the rank

of Sergeant.
Her training in the Army led to 22 years in the United

States Postal Service, before she retired in 2013.
Linda has since

continued to dedicate her life to the betterment of all Americans

through her work and advocacy in justice, politics, and culture.
As one

of the Top Ladies of Distinction, her work on health wellness

initiatives such as the American Cancer Society and Senior Citizens

Connect has furthered Indianapolis' goal of becoming a leader in the

medical industry.
Combining her love for philanthropy with heritage, Linda is a

steadfast and outspoken advocate for the Black community and women

veterans.
Her volunteer work with the National Council of Negro Women,

the Indiana Black Expo, as well as her organization Boundless Blessing,

are a testament to her legacy of service and to her Ghanaian ancestry.
In 2019, Linda received the Author Academy Award for her best-selling

book: ``I Still Hear the Drums.''
She continues to celebrate her love

of community and culture through her church, food pantry, and the

various civic and social organizations she supports.
Her kindness, compassion, and selflessness have cultivated a movement

spreading positive lasting impacts for our community and beyond.
Especially as we celebrate National Volunteer Month this April, I ask

my colleagues to join me in recognizing Linda Lewis-Everett for her

decades of continued service to Hoosiers and to our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE ROCK CREEK NATIONAL PARK ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce a bill to redesignate the

United States-owned Rock Creek Park in the District of Columbia as

``Rock Creek National Park.''
Redesignating this park will highlight

its significance to the Nation, including visitors to the Nation's

capital, and will help bring much-needed funding for the park's

inviting trails, waterways, and other unique features.
Rock Creek Park is already a ``national'' park, as it was established

by Congress in 1890 ``for the benefit and enjoyment of the people of

the United States.''
Rock Creek Park was the first federally managed

urban park and the third federal park ever created, after Yellowstone

and Sequoia.
Rock Creek Park was designed to preserve animals, timber,

forestry, and other interests in the park, and to ensure that its

natural state is maintained as much as possible not only for D.C.

residents, but for all Americans.
The park also preserves the ancient

history of the land, as it was used for temporary settlements and as a

quarry for weapons and tools by Native Americans from 7000 BCE until

the 1600s.
Since Congress first designated Rock Creek Park, several structures

and properties have been established or donated to further preserve

Rock Creek Park, creating a vast connected park area that falls under a

central National Park Service jurisdiction.
In 1892, the federal

government acquired Peirce Mill in Rock Creek Park, one of the mills

used by local farmers during the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries.
In

1950, the Old Stone House located in Georgetown, with its pre-

Revolutionary War architecture, was acquired by the park.