In June, the Scottish Government made a very welcome commitment not to pursue a deliberate policy of reducing livestock numbers.
Despite that, livestock numbers in Scotland continue to fall and have fallen by 15% over 10 years, so that across the United Kingdom we now risk losing the critical mass we need to maintain the network of abattoirs, hauliers, vets and merchants.
If food security genuinely is national security, is now the moment to consider including within the remit of the Climate Change Committee the maintenance of food security?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
We absolutely recognise that food security is national security.
He is right about the decline in herd sizes, but of course, there are other aspects here: we have seen higher productivity and changed genetics.
It is a complicated picture, but I am happy to have further discussions with him on that.
What steps he is taking to help prevent financial rewards for water company executives responsible for poor environmental performance.
What steps he is taking to increase the accountability of water company executives.
The previous Conservative Government quite disgracefully let water bosses awards themselves more than £112 million in bonuses that they did not deserve.
This Government are putting a stop to that.
We have banned the payment of unfair bonuses and brought in new jail sentences for pollution offences.
The Tory era of profiting from pollution is over.
This weekend, for more than 30 hours, waste water from toilets, sinks and drains flooded the River Lea, affecting local communities and spreading to east London, including the wetlands in Stratford and Bow.
Thames Water continues to dump sewage and waste water in our rivers at an alarming rate, all while company bosses pay themselves millions in bonuses.
May I thank the Secretary of State for the work that this Government are doing to crack down on that appalling practice, and ask what he is doing to ensure that the British public are not paying for that failure after receiving rising water bills?
What is he doing to secure the serious investment that is needed for the health of our rivers?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for her constituents in east London, on this matter as on many others.
With her support, this Government have secured a record £104 billion to upgrade crumbling pipes and build sewage treatment works across the country, so that we can cut sewage pollution.
We have also ringfenced customers’ money, so that it can never again be diverted away from investment to pay for bonuses and dividends while sewage pollution got worse.
That, of course, includes in the Lea valley.
This summer it was reported that the CEO of Yorkshire Water had received an extra payment from a parent company, in spite of recent admissions that it would not be appropriate to receive a bonus due to the company’s poor performance.
Yorkshire Water has committed to improving transparency, but that is of little comfort to my constituents who are facing higher bills.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is wrong that those water bosses receive financial reward, when my constituents are facing higher bills and a shocking performance?
As my hon.
Friend rightly says, that payment has outraged customers, and I have asked Ofwat to assess its legality as a matter of urgency.
I will not tolerate any company attempting to circumvent this Government’s ban on unfair bonuses through exorbitant salary increases, secret bonuses, payments through parent companies, or any other deception.
If Ofwat finds that the rules have been broken, companies will face sanctions, including fines imposed at a level that will deter future abuses.
State-owned Scottish Water is responsible for the water supply across Scotland.
Last week, thousands of residents in the Scottish Borders were left without water for days, and terrible communication by Scottish Water made matters worse.
We were facing a public health crisis, as well as an animal welfare crisis.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Scottish Government should undertake a full investigation into what happened and ensure that Scottish Water executives are held to account for their failure to act?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on raising that important issue, and I agree with the points he makes.
The SNP Government in Scotland should be taking a much tougher line against such situations, as it is not acceptable.
Levels of pollution in England are bad enough, but under the SNP in Scotland they are even worse, and the SNP Government should be fully ashamed—[Interruption.]
Order.
Let us carry on.
I call Mr Joshua Reynolds.
The public will have been pleased to hear recently about the bonus ban for water company bosses, but they would have been equally surprised to hear that a water company boss in England was awarded a massive pay increase to £1.4 million, with the public being told that that was not a bonus but a two-year long incentive plan.
What further steps can the Secretary of State put in place to ensure that water companies are playing fair, when those are the tactics that they use to circumvent the rules?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, which has been raised in the House before.
That scheme was put in place and relates to years when the Conservative party was in government.
That scheme would not be allowed today.
What steps he is taking to protect households from significant water bill increases.
Customers were hit with outrageous bill increases last year as a direct result of the previous Government’s failure to ensure that water and sewage pipes were properly maintained over the long term.
They deliberately imposed a light-touch approach to regulation that let the system crumble, while investment funding was diverted to line water bosses’ pockets, leaving customers to pay the price.
Our powerful new regulator will get a grip on the sector and ensure the regular maintenance of pipes, so that hard-working British families are never again left to pay the price of under-investment and weak regulation.
In Derby, the proposed water bill increases of about 50% will hit people really hard over the next five years.
It is a bitter pill to swallow, because at the same time as hiking bills, shareholder dividends are being increased and water companies continue to pollute our waterways.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give my constituents that our Government will tackle such hypocrisy head on and, crucially, protect our residents from the water bill increases?
My hon.
Friend is right to advocate so strongly for his constituents in Derby at a time when they are experiencing the cost of living crisis, as others are.
I thank him for his support in blocking the unfair, multimillion-pound bonuses that were previously paid to water bosses.
By ensuring that customers’ money is spent on upgrading the water system, rather than allowing  it to be diverted to bonuses and dividends, he is helping to ensure that the bill hikes that resulted from Tory failure will never happen again.
Unbelievably, the Secretary of State has just doubled down, in the House, on the falsehood that he advanced on  21 July  on “Channel 4 News” that pollution levels are worse in Scotland than they are in England.
I am sure that the Secretary of State does not want to mislead the House.
Will he take the opportunity to correct the record— Order.
“Falsehood” is not a word we would use.
I am sure more constructive wording could be used.
Thank you for your guidance, Mr Speaker.