May I join the Secretary of State and everyone across the Chamber in thanking the fire services, farmers and rural communities for their hard work and bravery in tackling the wildfires that we have seen this summer?
I am heartened to discover the Secretary of State’s new fondness for farmers.
We will all be listening carefully to his answer to the next question.
With 89% of farmers saying that they have paused or delayed investment because of the Budget, and with food prices rising, record farm closures under his watch, and Labour’s own think-tank admitting that the family farm tax needs changing, will he finally do the right thing, put rural communities above his own ambitions and axe the family farm tax?
First, may I welcome the shadow Secretary of State back to the Chamber?
It was disappointing that she did not bother to turn up for the water statement; I can only assume that she does not care much about the pollution that her party is responsible for across the country.
When it comes to farming, we are working with the farming sector on a road map to bring it back to profitability.
That is the route to ensure that those businesses remain financially viable and successful into the future.
It was her Government who left so many farmers on the brink of bankruptcy, so it takes only small problems to push them over the edge.
Some 12,000 farms closed under the previous Government.
We are working with the sector to make it profitable for the future.
I hate to break it to the Secretary of State, but I suspect I have spoken to far more farmers than he has in the past 12 months.
They do not believe a word he says, because he betrayed what he said to them before the election about the family farm tax.
As for this road map, if farms continue to close—more than half of farmers are thinking of giving up in the next five years because of this Government’s plan—it will be a road map to nowhere.
Yesterday, the Governor of the Bank of England told the Treasury Committee that the rise in food prices was due in part to measures in the last Budget placing higher costs on food businesses.
In light of that and the terrible summer harvest, will the Secretary of State do farmers a favour for once and rule out a new wealth tax on farmland in the next Budget—yes or no?
The causes of food price inflation include rising global energy prices, extreme weather events that have been affecting harvests, as we have already heard, and global supply chain problems, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Those things are affecting food prices right across the country.
As part of the road map, we are working with farmers to ensure more supply chain fairness, so that the producer of origin gets a fairer share of the money that is made through the system for the food that they grow.
That is the best way in which we can support farms to get their fair share of the revenue that comes in for the food they produce.
In my constituency, producers such as Longley farm exemplify British quality.
Its dairy products are globally renowned.
What specific steps is the Department taking to prioritise the purchase and promotion of British produce, ensuring support for domestic farmers, reducing food miles and strengthening the UK’s food security and rural economy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we should all be proud of high-quality British producers like Longley farm.
That is why, back in July, I announced our food strategy, which will build pride in British food by ensuring we have a food system that backs British food, grows the economy, feeds the nation, nourishes individuals and protects the planet—now and in the future.
Brits chew 4 billion pieces of plastic chewing gum each year.
A single piece releases thousands of microplastics into the body that are linked to cancer, diabetes and strokes.
Will the Government consider commissioning independent research into the environmental and health implications of plastic chewing gum?