My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to be angry about the state in which our rivers, lakes and seas have been left, and I recognise the trouble that a failing water company causes for his constituency.
That is why we have committed to resetting, reforming and revolutionising the water sector and why we are establishing a new, single and powerful regulator that can fully hold all companies to account and ensure that they are delivering for the British people and cleaning up our waterways for good.
Run-off from chicken manure is a particular problem in the bathing waters and rivers in Shropshire.
I have visited both Harper Adams University and LOHAS Fertiliser in my constituency, which have great new technologies to deal with chicken manure, stabilise it and moving that great fertiliser to other parts of the country where it causes fewer problems.
However, they cannot scale up, so what steps is the Minister taking to enable the new technologies that could deal with some of these problems to be scaled up and used across the country?
The hon.
Lady raises a really interesting point—it is perhaps worrying how interested I am getting in what we can do with manure and human waste to provide organic fertiliser in our country.
She has given a brilliant example of what can be done, and I will make sure that the Minister who is responsible for the circular economy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Coventry East (Mary Creagh) , gets to hear about it and learn more.
What steps he is taking to increase access to the sustainable farming incentive for small and medium-sized farms.
Funding for the environmental land management schemes paid to farmers will increase by 150%, from £800 million in 2023-24 to £2 billion by 2028-29.
Sadly, though, we inherited a set of schemes that did not necessarily distribute funds fairly.
We are working with farmers to reshape the SFI, and further information about our reforms will be provided shortly.
Like the National Farmers Union, I welcome the protections for the agriculture budget in the recent spending review, including crucial funding for sustainable farming.
On visits to farmers in my constituency, the difference this is making is clear: it is investing in our countryside and supporting nature-based farming.
However, far too many farmers on small and medium-sized farms tell me that the scheme is far too difficult for them to access at the moment.
Those are exactly the farmers who are also likely to be locked out of private nature-based financing options, so how can we work with those farmers to reform the scheme and ensure that more of those small and medium-sized farms can benefit from this crucial funding?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and I commend him on his interest and his insight.
He is absolutely right, and we are learning from past SFI iterations and from what we are hearing from farmers to improve the SFI for all farmers and to ensure we can give better guidance and that everyone can have a share of the pie.
We are also looking into a new local advice and collaboration offer, as well as considering how we can get the best environmental outcomes from the money we are spending.
After the elephant in the room that is the farm-destroying family farm tax, the No. 1 issue that is raised with me by Mid Buckinghamshire farmers—not least at the Bucks county show last week—is the uncertainty over the future of the SFI.
I do not think it is going to cut it with farmers to say that further details will be provided in due course.
They need certainty and they need it now, so will the Minister come to the Dispatch Box and put a firm date on when farms will have that certainty, as well as assuring them that the new SFI will have food production at its heart?
The hon.
Gentleman will be pleased to know that we will be making announcements on this very shortly.
[Interruption.]
We are picking up a disastrous mess inherited from the previous Government—this is absolutely true—who were quite cavalier about the way in which these schemes were run.
We are having to clear up that mess, but I absolutely sympathise with farmers, who should not have been put in that position in the first place.