The hon.
Gentleman refers to a very important issue, which is why I am pleased to tell him that through our flagship Crime and Policing Bill we are working to implement the key recommendations from the Jay review, one of which is including long-overdue mandatory reporting duties for those working with children.
It also includes making grooming an aggravating factor in sentencing and crucial changes to address safeguarding loopholes.
The Conservatives failed to implement a single recommendation from the report of the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, despite holding more than 20 meetings, events and roundtables on the issue.
Alexis Jay herself spoke of the huge disappointment and anger at their response.
What work are the Government doing to implement these recommendations and those from the Casey review?
As we heard from the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , in the House this week, the Home Office is making important progress in implementing those recommendations.
Thousands of cases have been identified for formal review, and priority cases—those involving an allegation of rape—are being reviewed urgently.
Increasing funding for the tackling exploitation programme will allow all police forces to access cutting-edge technology to combat these horrific crimes.
Alongside the failure to go after some of the evil perpetrators of these crimes without fear or favour, another devastating failing of the grooming gangs scandal was the criminalisation of some of the young people involved by a system that all too often failed to see them as children and victims first.
How is the Solicitor General working with colleagues right across Government to ensure that we can disregard those convictions as quickly as possible, and so that such key failings cannot happen again?
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that the CPS is working actively alongside the Government to ensure that the criminal convictions for victims of child sexual exploitation, with the offence in that case being prostitution, are being disregarded, which is extremely important.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve efficiency in the criminal justice system through the use of technology.
Better use of technology is key to reforming all our public services, including the criminal justice system, from the police and the CPS to our courts, prisons and probation services.
This Government are absolutely determined to harness all the power and potential of new technology to the benefit of the public, those who work in our public services and, of course, the public purse.