The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential impact of climate change on food security.
Let me start by acknowledging just how tough it has been for so many farmers this year, having been faced with the very extreme weather conditions.
We have had very hot weather, following on from last year, when many suffered from floods.
It is undeniable that we are seeing our climate changing.
The Government are responding by tackling flooding, investing a record £8 billion in flood defences to protect homes and farms, helping to tackle problems in rural communities such as mine in the fens through our £91 million internal drainage board fund, and investing in nature-friendly farming, which boosts climate resilience, enhances farming profitability and secures food production.
Three of the UK’s five worst harvests have been in the last five years, and this year is looking particularly concerning, with yields likely to be down and margins for farmers on the brink.
Just last month, the Bank of England said that extreme weather is now one of the key factors in driving food price inflation.
Could the Minister elaborate on what other steps the Government are taking to mitigate food price inflation for consumers?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
Of course, consumer food prices depend on a wide range of factors, including agrifood import prices, agricultural prices in general, domestic labour and manufacturing costs, exchange rates, productivity and the extreme weather we have been seeing, which inevitably impacts growth and livestock feed supplies.
I reassure the House that the UK has a very resilient food supply chain, and as our food security report shows, it is well equipped to meet these challenges.
I recently visited the Dinsdale family farm to talk to the group of hard-working dairy farmers who provide milk  to the Wensleydale Creamery to make their famous Yorkshire cheese.
I know the Minister will join me in commending their contribution to British food security and the Dinsdale family for their innovative installation of an anaerobic digestion unit, which turns slurry into energy.
Could he look at what more can be done to encourage small-scale on-farm AD units, which not only significantly cut methane emissions but significantly cut costs and increase income for our hard-working family farmers?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right, and I join him in commending the Dinsdale family for the work they do.
I have spoken to a number of farmers who would very much like to do that.
Of course, there is significant cost involved, and we are working with farmers to try to get the circular economy that we all want to see.
The depletion of soil health, the risk of disease and climate change threaten our food security for the longer term, and yet we need biotechnologies and sciences to ensure that we have a future in farming.
Would the Minister be willing to meet the BioYorkshire project, which brings together Fera Science, the University of York, Askham Bryan College and others, to ensure we have the research and the translation and scaling of that to protect the future of farming?
I assure my hon.
Friend that I have had numerous conversations with leading academics in her great city, and I would be happy to have further conversations along those lines.