On the tube strikes, nobody wants to see strike action in London.
It is incredibly disruptive for commuters and businesses.
As ever, the Government—and, I am sure, the Mayor of London—call on Transport for London and the unions to get back round the table so that those strikes do not go ahead next week.
I am becoming increasingly concerned about the level of fraud facing individuals and businesses in the UK.
Fraud accounts for over 40% of all crime, from online and push payment fraud, to phishing, vishing and smishing, to name just a few schemes.
I have even seen examples of businesses in my constituency being hit by various Companies House scams.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate in Government time to discuss how we can tackle these challenges moving forward?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise such issues.
Fraud is increasingly prevalent across our country and economy.
It is becoming increasingly sophisticated, especially given advances in technology such as AI.
That is why the Government continue to focus on those issues.
I think it would make a very good topic for a debate.
In a week when the Liberal Democrat-run Arun district council has been found to have the worst possible grading for its social housing provision—including more than half of its homes being without smoke alarms—it is alleged that two senior directors, including one responsible for housing, have left the council with redundancy payments totalling £350,000.
Can the Leader of the House advise me on how best to hold the council to account in this place for the benefit of taxpayers in my constituency?
I am sorry to hear about the issues that the hon.
Lady has rightly raised on behalf of her constituents.
I do not know about those specific allegations, but I assure her that we take standards in local government incredibly seriously, as we take standards across all our politics seriously.
We will have further legislation at some stage in this Parliament.
This summer has been busy in Southend.
Most importantly, this weekend we hosted City Jam, a jam-packed live street art festival.
Will the Leader of the House join me in commending all the organisers who took part in producing such an incredible event, solidifying our flourishing cultural scene, from Lazydays festival and Summer in Nashville to Victory over Japan events in Rochford and Southend, and many more?
Artworks  from the UK’s largest street art festival, City Jam, will line our streets for a few weeks yet.
I invite the whole House to join me in admiring Southend’s culture, and perhaps we can arrange a large ministerial visit to Southend.
That sounds like a great visit.
I am pleased to hear that my hon.
Friend had such a sunny summer packed full of events in his constituency.
I am delighted to join him in congratulating all the organisers.
Starting a family is a huge milestone for any couple but, crucially, it comes with a huge financial hit, as parents must scale back their working lives in order to care for their newborn.
Ben Barnes in Keighley, the winner of best butcher across the whole of Yorkshire, has seen at first hand how, despite working extra hours, one of his employees is still worse off, because his partner is on maternity pay.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate on the merits of extending marriage allowance so that claimants can transfer a greater proportion of their personal allowance, in order to help young people take that crucial step of starting a family?
Can I pass on my congratulations to that employee of local butcher Ben Barnes on the birth of his first child?
I am really pleased to hear the hon.
Gentleman advocate so strongly for stronger maternity and paternity leave and pay; that has not always been what we have heard from the Conservative party and some of his colleagues.
We are committed to strengthening rights and supporting pay.
Just this week, we brought in the free childcare package, which will be worth £7,500 a year to families that qualify, and we are extending that further.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman on strengthening it in the coming months.
More than 80 colleagues are bobbing.
Unless Members are short in their contributions, they are denying others the opportunity to get in.
Many parameters of the fair funding review will address social injustices in our communities, but places like York will lose out significantly.
It is already the lowest-funded unitary authority in the country, the Lib Dem council previously spent all the reserves and we cannot afford to make further cuts.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that local authorities that are going to lose out under the fair funding review can meet the Minister and have discussions before the parameters are published?