May I also express my disappointment about the global plastics treaty?
We were unable to reach an international agreement, but I reassure all Members of the House that the Government remain committed to seeking a global solution to the problem of plastic pollution that we all face.
Erewash’s industrial base was built on the Erewash canal, which is now a lovely leisure spot for my constituents.
But abandoned boats, like the two near Sandiacre lock that sat rotting for over two years, pose serious risks to public safety and local wildlife.
I was very glad to work recently with the Canal & River Trust to get those two boats removed.
Can the Minister advise how we can support the Canal & River Trust in the future with the tools that it needs to get similar boats removed in a more timely manner?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his successful championing of this issue on behalf of his constituents.
I know how much it means to his community to have such boats removed.
It is an important issue, and I am more than happy to follow up with the Canal & River Trust in order to understand if it needs any additional tools to continue and complete this work around the country.
I recently spoke to David, who farms near the village of Berwick in my constituency.
He told me that he has recently given up raising livestock altogether due to the lack of local abattoirs—his nearest option is well over an hour away.
What action are the Government taking to  support new and existing abattoirs, so that farmers across the country who are in a similar situation to David do not stop raising livestock too?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point, and I visited an abattoir last week.
Because of the changes to the system over a number of years, we have seen a concentration of these facilities.
We all want to see more small abattoirs.
The previous Government introduced a fund, but it proved difficult to get uptake.
There is a whole range of serious issues.
We are very aware of the problem, and we want to work with him and others to solve it.
In the last few days, I have had a huge number of emails from constituents about continued sewage discharge into our otherwise beautiful seas and the shocking record of Southern Water on this issue.
I noted earlier that the Secretary of State said he had been to Bournemouth a couple of times, but can he come a little further down the coast, visit my constituency, and set out what this Government are doing to clean up our waters and hold Southern Water to account?
Well, I was not far away a couple of weeks ago—I was down in Lewes.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a powerful campaigner on issues relating to sewage in his constituency.
He tells me that he has brought together a group of campaigners.
I would be delighted to meet him and them to see some of the problems and talk about how we can start to fix the appalling problems with pollution that the Conservative party has landed us with.
We are joined in the Gallery by farmers from my constituency of Newbury.
It is the fifth time they have come to the House with the intent of lobbying individual Labour MPs to try to stop the family farm tax.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet the farmers from my constituency or to attend the Berkshire county show in just a couple of weeks’ time, so that he can explain to them directly why the Government believe that having an inheritance tax on farms is the right way forward, rather than protecting the rural economy?
I am always happy to meet farmers.
That is why I have visited two farms already this week and sat down with a group of six farmers to talk about their concerns.
I am more than happy to make sure that the people the hon.
Gentleman has visiting get an appropriate meeting to discuss their concerns.
The Solicitor General was asked— What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
Anyone involved in the vile trade of people smuggling will be met with the full force of the law.
This year, 67% more offences for facilitating illegal entry into the UK were prosecuted.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that the Government’s Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will allow for more prosecutions, including by criminalising the creation of online material that facilitates a breach of UK immigration law.