Given the Secretary of State’s love of Dorset, I would love to invite him to Mid Dorset, where Goodens farm  is doing some really innovative things on very small family farms, especially with manure.
Mr Randall, who runs that farm, joined the sustainable farming incentive last year, which enabled him to start growing a new crop—herbal leys.
Because climate change is making farming so tough, he is trying everything he can to keep his business going.
The SFI allowed him to take that risk, but it is no longer available to him.
As he put it, we need farm security if we want food security, so what steps is the Minister taking to look after farmers on our very smallest farms, who are critical to food production?
There was a lot in that question.
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that herbal leys have been very effective, and many people have seen the impact they have had during the dry weather.
It is also interesting that these schemes are now available to much smaller enterprises than they ever were under the previous schemes.
There is much that can be done, and we are redesigning the schemes to make them work towards achieving exactly the outcomes that the hon.
Lady is seeking.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have heard, this summer has seen wildfires burning across our countryside.
I add my thanks to the emergency services, who were out in force to battle those fires, but so too were farmers, gamekeepers and local volunteers who gave up their time and resources to control the fires and help put them out.
I pay tribute to all of them for their selfless bravery and community spirit.
The fires came at the end of a long period of drought.
Visiting farms this week and earlier in the summer, I saw for myself how food production has been affected.
It is clear that further work is required to support farmers to build on-farm reservoirs and irrigation systems that can sustain their businesses through dry periods, and I have invited the NFU to work with me on that.
I want to use this opportunity, though, to thank farmers for the outstanding work that they do to feed our country through thick and thin.
As we move into autumn, flooding is once again on the minds of residents in Rossendale and Darwen.
This Government have already made vital commitments to our flood defences, but recently some communities have expressed concern that flood modelling is out of date and is either not fully identifying risk areas or identifying risk areas as high-risk that no longer are.
The Environment Agency is aware of that, so will the Secretary of State join me in urging it urgently to prioritise new modelling?
My hon.
Friend makes an important and timely point.
Through the floods resilience taskforce, we are looking at how we can update the modelling to make sure that all areas that need protection will get the investment to do it, because far too many communities are exposed to the dangers of flooding.
That is why we are investing £4.2 billion between 2026 and 2029 to protect our communities and better maintain our flood defences in England.