Nationalisation is not the answer, because it would require handing over more than £100 billion to water company owners that could only be raised through higher taxation or cuts to vital public services.
It would also take years of legal wrangling that would see the brakes slammed on investment, causing pollution to get worse and, ultimately, lead to higher bills for customers.
This Government are taking the fastest possible route towards cleaner water and fairer bills.
We in North Dorset would love to be talking about ministerial visits from the DEFRA team, but, despite an invitation to the Farming Minister, none have crossed the border to visit.
North Dorset farmers and landowners wish to play their active and fullest part to ensure that, through nitrate neutrality and other farming mechanisms, they are improving water quality to help the rivers that flow  to the coast of Bournemouth, Christchurch, Poole and so on.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that bodies such as the Environment Agency and others that advise our farmers provide consistent advice in a timely fashion in order to maximise their enthusiasm?
Adjournment debate required.
I have enjoyed visiting Milton Abbas on many very happy occasions.
I agree with the point that the hon.
Gentleman makes.
We are working with farmers and landowners to ensure that they are getting the support they need to take the kind of action that he talks about.
The new regional tier proposed by Sir Jon Cunliffe will give a place where farming and land managers can raise their voices and ensure that the outcomes they can contribute to are delivered.
What progress he has made on reducing pollution in bathing waters.
We have introduced a new era of accountability.
We are resetting, reforming and revolutionising the water sector, putting public health and the environment first and delivering the change rightly demanded by the British people.
With the most ambitious targets on sewage water pollution in history, we will halve sewage water pollution by 2030.
Over the summer, we saw the announcement of a £50 million investment into Southport’s waste water treatment works to reduce the number of sewage overflows to just three per bathing season, allowing Southport to once again become the jewel in the crown of the north-west coast.
Does the Minister agree that that level of investment is very much needed after more than a decade of Tory neglect of our waterways, and that it shows the difference a town can see when it has a Labour MP, a Labour council, a Labour metro mayor and a Labour Government here in Westminster?
Minister, that is a tough one.
Unsurprisingly, I could not agree more.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work to champion his community here in Parliament.
The previous Government oversaw record levels of sewage pollution in our rivers, lakes and seas, but this Government have secured £104 billion of private investment to upgrade crumbling pipes and halve sewage pollution by 2030, so that communities can once again take pride in their rivers, lakes and seas.
As I have reminded Ministers on a number of occasions, tackling pollution in our rivers and seas requires us to address agricultural pollution as well as sewage pollution.
I am disappointed not to hear the Minister mention that, but I like to come with solutions.
I recently visited the Wyescapes landscape recovery project in my constituency, which is an innovative farmer-led project of 49 farmers protecting soil, reducing pollution, restoring nature and producing great-quality food.
Will the Minister, or perhaps  her colleague the Farming Minister, come to visit this innovative project to see how we can tackle river pollution and protect nature and food production?
Another Adjournment debate needed.
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
Agricultural pollution is incredibly serious, and this Government recognise that.
We have updated the DEFRA statutory guidance for the farming rules for water, and I recently hosted a roundtable with farmers, environmental organisations and the water industry to bring the voices of stakeholders to the fore.
We have committed to including a new regional element in the new regulator to ensure greater involvement in water planning.
By moving to a catchment-based model for water systems planning, we can tackle all sources of pollution entering the waterways, including agricultural pollution.
I have a very keen interest in the River Wye; I went to see it last year, and it is absolutely beautiful.
The hon.
Lady will be well aware of the research project with £1 million of funding that we announced to look into all sources of pollution and what we can do to clean up this beautiful place in our country.