Unfortunately, my hon.
Friend accurately describes the years of neglect of the justice system under the previous Government.
She asks specifically about the Legal Aid Agency.
The Government took immediate action to bolster the security of the agency’s systems and an injunction was put in place to prohibit the sharing of any breached data.
We have put in place contingency plans to ensure that those most in need of legal support can continue to access the help that they need, and we are working at pace to restore services quickly and safely.
What steps she has taken with the Crown Prosecution Service to support victims of crime.
What steps she has taken with the Crown Prosecution Service to support victims of crime.
This Government are committed to restoring confidence in the criminal justice system, which means ensuring that victims of crime are properly supported through the justice process.
The CPS is taking a range of measures to better support victims, including by offering pre-trial meetings to adult victims of rape and serious sexual assault, recruiting victim liaison officers to act as a consistent point of contact for victims, and delivering the groundbreaking victim transformation programme.
Earlier this year, I visited Southend-on-Sea Rape Crisis centre, where we discussed how extended court delays put pressure on the third sector organisations that provide this vital support.
Under the previous Government, the total backlog of all court cases soared, with 73,000 victims left waiting years for their day in court.
Now, we finally have a Government who are putting victims first.
Our Labour Government have allocated the highest number of sitting days on record.
How is the CPS playing its role in getting quicker justice for victims?
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights the necessary and important action that this Government are taking to address the crisis in our courts.
Alongside that, the CPS is using every tool at its disposal to reduce the backlog, including by trialling new initiatives to expedite domestic abuse trials and weekly listing meetings with partners in the criminal justice system.
I recently visited a Colchester organisation, the Centre for Action on Rape and Abuse, or CARA, which offers vital support to victims of rape and sexual abuse.
Will the Solicitor General reaffirm the Government’s commitment to supporting such organisations, which carry out so much of that vital frontline work, and will she reiterate what she is doing to enhance the number of rape trials that actually proceed?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the important role that organisations such as CARA play in supporting victims of rape and serious sexual violence.
Supporting victims throughout the criminal justice process is a priority for this Government,  and we are taking a range of measures to do just that, including implementing Raneem’s law to embed dedicated domestic abuse teams within 999 control rooms and introducing free independent legal advisers for victims of adult rape.
As the Solicitor General knows, I have been campaigning to support victims of spiking.
I thank her for meeting me before the recess, but unfortunately the correspondence from her office subsequent to that meeting seems to entirely miss the point and does not follow at all the conversation we had.
Given that it quotes heavily the CPS, will she agree to meet again with me, and with representatives from the CPS, to understand the loophole in the law that I have identified?
It would be a tragedy for the victims of spiking if this were not dealt with because of something as frustrating as a misunderstanding by people who were not in the room at the time.
The hon.
Member has done important work in this area.
We met previously to discuss the potential for reckless spiking, and I entirely understand why he is concerned about that.
The correspondence that we sent reflected that we had had discussions with the CPS who felt that the circumstances that he was concerned about were very unlikely to arise.
However, I am more than happy to meet him again if he believes that there are issues that need to be further clarified.
Close followers of Parliament will know that I have raised on more than one occasion a case of stalking in my constituency.
Despite being reported, arrested and charged continually by the police, he keeps getting released on bail.
The police are frustrated, and my resident is being let down.
What assurance can I provide her and others in the same position that the CPS takes seriously repeat offenders and that their repeat offending is taken into account when they finally come to court?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point, and I acknowledge how damaging stalking can be to people’s lives, particularly when it comes to repeat offenders.
We have set out new measures to tackle stalking, including statutory guidance to empower the police to release the identities of online stalkers and a review of the stalking legislation to ensure that it is fit for purpose.
What steps her Department is taking with the Serious Fraud Office to tackle economic crime.
Fraud is the most common type of crime in the UK.
It hurts individuals and businesses and undermines everyone who plays by the rules—and it undermines economic confidence too.
That is why the Government have underlined their commitment to tackling economic crime by providing the SFO with an £8 million boost as part of the spending review.
That will bolster the SFO’s intelligence capabilities so that it can proactively identify and prosecute the biggest and most complex economic crimes.
A businessman in my constituency has been defrauded of £100,000.
Local police lack the skills and resources to investigate, and the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau says that it cannot identify a line of inquiry, even though my constituent has compiled evidence himself.
To his great credit, my constituent is more concerned about how many more victims there will be while such crimes go uninvestigated and unpunished.
Will the Solicitor General meet me to discuss how we can ensure that this crime is properly investigated and these wretched fraudsters are brought to justice?
I am very sorry to hear about the position that my hon.
Friend’s constituent has been put in.
I am sorry to say that it encapsulates perfectly why fraud is so damaging.
The Government are doing everything in our power to crack down on fraud and corruption and support victims of these crimes.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to see what more might be done in this case.