Welcome back to you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and all the House staff.
I join the shadow Leader of the House in wishing the Prime Minister a happy birthday for earlier this week.
This summer has been marked by some happy personal events here in the House—no, I am not talking about Taylor Swift’s engagement to Travis Kelce, although I am sure we will all want to wish them a happy engagement.
We have our very own power couples: my hon.
Friends the Members for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones) and for Loughborough (Dr Sandher), who got married to each other over the summer recess.
There are also my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leigh and Atherton (Jo Platt) , who married her long-term partner Ian, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , who married Kristiam this recess.
The happy news does not stop there.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Southampton Test (Satvir Kaur)  had her beautiful baby daughter.
I am thrilled for her and also for my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leicester East (Shivani Raja)  on the arrival of her new baby, too.
There are new dads in the House as well: my hon.
Friends the Members for Wirral West (Matthew Patrick) and for York Outer (Mr Charters), so that is dispatches for this week.
We are very much more a family-friendly Parliament these days, and I am determined that modernisation will continue that trend.
I join the shadow Leader of the House in welcoming the new shadow deputy Leader of the House,  the hon.
Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont) , to his place.
I hope that he will still on occasion ask me some questions and invite me to his constituency from the Back Benches, which I am always happy to accept as he knows.
I am also pleased to announce that this first bumper Session of Parliament under the Labour Government will last until spring 2026.
By any measure, our legislative programme in this first Session is highly ambitious, delivering on the promises that we made in our manifesto and shifting power and opportunity to working people.
There are a few highlights, which I know that shadow Leader of the House is always happy to hear about.
We are giving the biggest boost to workers’ rights in a generation, finally ending no-fault evictions, stopping water bosses’ bonuses, setting up Great British Energy to get bills down, bringing back rail into public ownership, saving British Steel jobs, seizing and crushing dangerous off-road vehicles, finally recriminalising shoplifting, ensuring that buses are affordable and serve their communities, and protecting our much-loved football clubs.
We are taking on the vested interests that hold this country back, and we still have much more to do in the rest of this Session.
In contrast, the Conservatives really have shown on whose side they stand in this Session: on the side of landlords against the Renters’ Rights Bill; on the side of criminal gangs in voting against our Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill; for the few, not the many, in education; and, as ever, dying in a ditch to save the hereditary peers in the other place.
We know whose side they are on.
The shadow Leader of the House chose to have another go on the issue of tax and property, which was, I noticed, the subject of one of the Conservatives’ Opposition Day debates yesterday.
They could not muster enough speakers for that debate to go the full three hours, so he is having another go today.
I repeat that the  Deputy Prime Minister has given a full account of her family circumstances and living arrangements.
She made it clear that she is now rectifying her mistake.
She has referred herself to the independent adviser on ministerial standards, who is now looking into it.
I will not say any more on that matter because he is looking into it.
Suffice it to say that the Deputy Prime Minister is a huge, huge asset to this Government.
She is an incredibly effective Minister and she has been delivering, whether on our record investment in social housing, the flagship Employment Rights Bill, the biggest settlement for local government in many years, major planning reforms to get more homes built, or the delivery of devolution and community empowerment, among much more.
The Conservatives have a go at her because she is so bloody good at her job.
Yet again, the shadow Leader of the House comes here and talks about the economy and the Budget, but another year has gone by and we have still had no apology from him or his Front-Bench colleagues for the state they left the country’s finances in.
Let us just remind ourselves about that.
They left a huge black hole in public spending, high levels of debt and borrowing, and living standards that had, for the first time in history, fallen during a Parliament.
He is always very selective in his use of statistics; he did not mention that the British economy has grown faster than all other G7 countries in the first half of this year, or that mortgages are now at a five-year low.
After a decade and a half of poor productivity because of a lack of investment, we are now powering up this country and investing in the new jobs of the future around the country, with jobs coming every day.
The Chancellor will set out the Budget in the usual way, but she has made clear that most of the speculation is quite honestly damaging rubbish.
Let us not forget that we are now coming up to the three-year anniversary of the disastrous Liz Truss mini-Budget.
I think I remember that the shadow Leader of the House being the Financial Secretary to the Treasury at that Budget.
When Governments lose confidence and take irresponsible decisions, the poorest in society pay the heaviest price when the economy crashes.
We will take absolutely no lectures from the Conservatives.
The shadow Leader of the House wanted to talk about the performance of the Government over the summer, but he did not.
Let us be honest: the Leader of the Opposition does not need a reset but a full-blown resuscitation—her party spent most of the summer checking whether she had a pulse or not.
The truth is that her leadership, like the future of the Conservative party, is, quite frankly, at death’s door.
The SNP-led Glasgow city council is proposing to introduce a car tax on East Renfrewshire motorists, so that every time my constituents enter Glasgow city, they would have to pay a fee.
Could she make time for a debate on the enormous levels of waste by the SNP Government on things like Barlinnie Prison, which is 10 times over budget, or the ferries that went nowhere, so that we can tell the SNP to stop wasting our money and get out of the pockets of East Renfrewshire motorists?
I know what an issue parking charges can be in city centres, such as my own.
My hon.
Friend is right: that would make a really good topic for a  debate.
Let us have a look at the performance of the SNP Government in Scotland.
They have had the biggest settlement ever in Scotland.
What are they doing with that money, and how are they serving the people of Scotland?