The newly built Launceston primary school in my constituency was demolished and then rebuilt, costing millions of pounds because of serious defects in the building.
The contractor at fault went into administration.
Unfortunately, this is far from a stand-alone case; it is happening across the country.
Individual developers are putting their companies into liquidation and then setting up a new one, evading their obligations to finish vital infrastructure such as roads and sewage works.
Such cases often leave Government Departments, homeowners and the British taxpayer out of pocket.
What steps is the Serious Fraud Office taking to tackle these all-too-common cases, and will the Solicitor General please consider new legislation to prevent such developers from getting away with such serious fraud?
I am sorry to hear about the position that the hon.
Member’s constituents have been put in.
It is a terrible example, which I am sure needs to be looked at much more closely.
As he knows, the Serious Fraud Office is operationally independent.
As a highly specialist agency, it takes on a number of complex economic crime cases each year.
The case he raises may be one for it; it may also be one for Action Fraud.
I am more than happy to examine it further and to raise it with the appropriate agency.
What steps she is taking with the Crown Prosecution Service to help reduce the backlog of court cases.
The Government inherited a record court backlog in the Crown court.
On taking office, we took immediate action, including by funding a record high number of sitting days.
The CPS is playing its part to help tackle these issues.
That includes setting up a surge team, which has completed more than 12,000 pre-charge decisions, contributing significantly to reducing the backlog.
The Solicitor General confirms the horrendous backlog in the Crown court to us all.
In one case in my constituency, one victim, Dani, will have to  wait more than six years to get justice.
Dani is just 21 and has been a victim of grooming and sexual abuse.
Does the Solicitor General agree that for Dani and many others, justice delayed is justice denied?
What further urgent steps will the Government take to tackle the backlog?
I am extremely sorry to hear about Dani’s case.
The previous Government closed over 260 court buildings, and the human cost of the delays as a result of the backlog is really considerable.
Victims are waiting years for justice, and attrition in rape cases in particular has more than doubled in the last five years.
As I said, on taking office we took immediate action, and not only in relation to sitting days.
We have also committed to investing up to £92 million more a year in criminal legal aid, and we are taking action to ensure that there are more specialist counsel available, too.