We all deal with Department for Work and Pensions casework through our teams, but in North East Fife we are  seeing a transition to universal credit that means that vulnerable constituents—often those with dyslexia or learning disabilities —are really struggling.
They are not being offered the enhanced support journey, and all are suffering due to departments not communicating and miscalculations.
Can we have a debate in Government time on this issue, which I am sure affects MPs from across the House?
I am sorry to hear about the cases in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
I am sure the issues will be familiar to other hon.
Members, especially those representing constituencies in Scotland.
I am happy to facilitate a response from the Minister, so that we can make sure that the necessary steps are in place to alleviate the situation.
Libraries are vital spaces for learning, inclusion and communities.
As Lindley library in my constituency marks 150 years, we celebrate its role in enriching lives and preserving local heritage.
I hope the Leader of the House will join me in wishing the library a happy birthday and every success for its open day next week.
Can we have a debate in Government time on how we can better support libraries, like the one in Lindley, to grow and adapt for future generations?
Libraries are vital to our communities and high streets, and they provide people with access to knowledge and information, as they have done in decades gone by and will do in decades in the future.
I support all my hon.
Friend’s efforts to support Lindley library in his constituency.
A month ago, I met Oliver Robinson from the British Trout Association.
The association has produced an excellent report on the trout farming industry in the UK, but Oliver is struggling to get engagement from Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Ministers.
I tried to ask the Secretary of State about this in DEFRA questions earlier, but it would be much appreciated if the Leader of the House could make representations and try to set up that vital conversation.
I am happy to help facilitate a conversation with the relevant Minister about trout farming.
Under the Conservatives, 53% of buses were cut in my constituency, including the SL1 tram link bus, leaving many of my constituents unable to go to work or school in Sheffield.
Thanks to our better buses Bill and the work done by our Labour mayor, Oliver Coppard, our buses are being brought back under public control.
Will the Leader of the House advise me how I can work with Ministers, our Labour mayor and Sheffield city council in order to reinstate the vital SL1 tram link bus?
I am sorry to hear that the SL1 route was scrapped under the previous Government.
My hon.
Friend makes a very strong case for our buses Bill and all the actions that we are taking to ensure that buses serve their local community, and are affordable and reliable.
When such powers are used, we see a massive increase in the use of buses.
As I have said many times in this place, at Dounreay we have a highly skilled workforce, a licensed nuclear site and a local population who support the nuclear industry.
Rolls-Royce has told me that it is very interested in placing its prototype advanced modular reactor at Dounreay, and yet we know that the Scottish National party Government in Edinburgh will block that with their planning powers.
What advice does the Leader of the House have for me?
Will she facilitate a meeting with Ministers to try to get rid of this roadblock?
As ever, the hon.
Gentleman is a strong advocate for jobs and businesses in his constituency.
He knows that this Government are committed to new nuclear power and to the most ambitious nuclear programme in a generation.
I am really sorry to hear that the SNP Government are, as ever, likely to set themselves against this new investment and against new job opportunities in Scotland.
Frankly, that is a pattern that we are seeing time after time, and I join him in calling on them to look again.
It was a very busy summer recess in Newcastle-under-Lyme, with 70 engagements in 34 days; my office was delighted to put me on the train on Monday.
One of the highlights was attending the 50th anniversary celebrations of the Newcastle-under-Lyme branch of the Royal Air Forces Association.
Will the Leader of the House join me in paying tribute to the branch, its officers and its volunteers for the care and compassion that they show to our vets and their families, and send them a happy anniversary?
As someone who follows my hon.
Friend on social media, I know that he has had a very busy recess, as have many colleagues; I have looked on jealously at many of the visits that people have been doing over the summer recess.
I join him in congratulating the Royal Air Forces Association branch in his constituency on all that it does.
I will be short, as I already am.
Can we have a debate about delays in obtaining driving tests?
There is a growing problem with unscrupulous operators using bots to sweep up months’ worth of tests then selling them back to very frustrated parents and students at a profit.
The Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency seems to be in denial about this issue.
Can we have a debate in Parliament and try to fix this problem?
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman is a very big presence with his short question.
He raises a topic that I know we all get many emails and complaints about.
The Secretary of State for Transport has given an update to the House on these issues, and we are delivering 10,000 additional driving tests.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue about how bots and others are using technology to secure those tests, and I will ensure that he gets a full response.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking Tina Simpson and her team at the Loco Centre in Netherfield, as well as Nathan Kenney and Mapperley All Stars, for their brilliant work this summer in delivering the holiday activities  and food programme in Gedling?
Will she also welcome its very much-needed extension for three years by this Labour Government?
That was the hon.
Member’s first business question.
That was my hon.
Friend’s first business question!
I welcome him to the delights of business questions.
They are normally followed by a compliment to me and an invitation to the constituency—I was waiting for that before I got up to reply.
I will certainly join my hon.
Friend in thanking Tina, Nathan and all those who provided such wonderful holiday facilities for children.
Regardless of the fact that there is no legal requirement on the Government of the United Kingdom to transfer ownership of the British Indian Ocean Territories to Mauritius, the Government have challenged the Opposition’s figures about the cost of that exercise.
Before the debate on Tuesday, will the Government place in the Library of the House of Commons detailed estimates of the cost to the British taxpayer?