What steps she is taking to help ensure that the UK upholds international law.
The hon.
Member will appreciate that as a Law Officer I cannot talk about the specifics of legal advice to Government.
However, he will be aware of paragraph 1.6 of the ministerial code that acknowledges   the overarching duty on all Ministers to comply with the law.
That obligation is inherent in all the advice that the Law Officers give to Government.
By the end of September, more than 640,000 Gazans are projected to face catastrophic food insecurity, while the integrated food security phase classification predicts that a further 43,000 Palestinian children will be at severe risk of death from malnutrition by next year.
The Government will have received legal advice regarding the famine in Gaza and Israel’s role in it.
Will the Solicitor General commit to publishing any advice that the Government have received on whether breaches of international law have occurred in the conflict in Gaza?
The hon.
Member will appreciate that I cannot comment on any legal advice that may or may not have been given or, indeed, whether it has been sought.
What I can confirm to him is twofold.
First, the Government take their legal obligations extremely seriously.
Secondly, the Government are very clear in our position that the horrors taking place in Gaza need to be brought to an end.
Will the Leader of the House give the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  8 September  will include: Monday 8 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Renters’ Rights Bill.
Tuesday 9 September —Second Reading of the Diego Garcia Military Base and British Indian Ocean Territory Bill.
Wednesday 10 September —Remaining stages of the Bus Services (No. 2)
Bill
[Lords].
Thursday 11 September —General debate on regional transport inequality, followed by general debate on suicide prevention.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 12 September —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  15 September  includes: Monday 15 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Employment Rights Bill.
Tuesday 16 September —Second Reading of the Sentencing Bill.
The House will rise for the conference recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 16 September  and return on  Monday 13 October .
Hon.
Members will also wish to note the written statement made this week confirming that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will deliver her Budget statement on  Wednesday 26 November .