Developing controlled and managed routes for genuine refugees is important.
This is one of a host of robust, concrete and practical measures that the Government are taking to crack down on the vile activities of people smuggling gangs.
I contrast our approach with that of the Conservative party, which left us with this borders crisis, and with that of Reform, which is happy to stoke anger but has absolutely no answers.
To stop the small boats, it is crucial that the Labour Government provide global leadership to smash the criminal gangs.
Can the Solicitor General set out the work that we are doing with other countries to secure our borders and end this appalling trade in human life?
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights this Government’s global leadership on these issues, which is part of our plan to fix the borders crisis left to us by the last Government.
We have agreed a landmark deal with France, and we have increased co-operation with Germany and other countries.
We have removed 35,000 people with no right to be here, and increased the removal of failed asylum seekers by 30%.
We are giving Border Security Command counter-terrorist-style powers through our borders Bill, which is a Bill that both Reform and the Conservative party voted against.
My constituents in Halesowen continue to be concerned about the number of people crossing to the UK on small boats.
They are calling for swift and tough action against the people smugglers responsible for these dangerous crossings, which are putting the lives of women and children at risk.
Can the Solicitor General outline how she is supporting this action?
I have heard from Crown Prosecution Service prosecutors about the deplorable actions that the smugglers take in not only facilitating very young children being aboard the boats, but even  sedating them to ensure they are compliant during the crossing.
My hon.
Friend is right that the dangers faced by people, particularly children, when they cross the channel are extremely grave.
This Government are absolutely determined to break the business model of the people smugglers, so protecting our borders and stopping lives, including young lives, being put in such danger.
Will the Solicitor General commit to working across Cabinet to publish the number of people smuggling cases that have collapsed before trial over the past five years, and the reasons why they have collapsed?
I think this is important to look at, and I want to highlight that the CPS is taking considerable action to prosecute these offences.
We have given the CPS extra funding to increase its capacity to work on Border Security Command cases, and the money will allow the CPS to recruit additional staff in the areas at the frontline of combating organised immigration crime.