I completely disagree with what the Solicitor General has said about the previous Government’s record in this area, and it is a bit rich in view of her Government’s record over the past 12 months.
Reports reveal that Ministers will soon replace immigration judges with professionally trained adjudicators.
We are told that is to tackle the 51,000 case appeal backlog, which will of course involve cases of people smugglers.
Can she please confirm how long it will take to put that in place and whether it will require primary legislation?
The Conservatives left us with a borders crisis, and we are fixing it.
The shadow Solicitor General said that we are setting up a new independent body to clear appeals more quickly, and that is exactly what we are doing.
We have doubled the number of asylum decisions already: we are sorting out their mess.
Figures are going up and up and up, and the Solicitor General knows that.
Can she confirm who these adjudicators will be—it would be lovely if she  would answer the question—and will existing first-tier tribunal judges of the immigration and asylum chamber be eligible to apply?
As I said, we are setting up a new independent body to clear appeals more quickly.
We are clearing up the Conservatives’ mess, and the Home Secretary will bring forward plans in the areas that the hon.
Lady mentions.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to prosecute people for grooming gang offences.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to prosecute people for grooming gang offences.
The grooming and sexual exploitation of young girls in this country is nothing short of sickening, and the Government are doing everything in our power to secure justice for the victims and protect children from further harm.
The Crown Prosecution Service has significantly increased prosecutions for child sex offences and recently secured convictions against three offenders for truly hideous crimes going back to 1999.
From my time as Lancashire’s police commissioner, I have seen the fruits when the police, the Crown Prosecution Service and the courts worked together to prioritise the listing of cases involving rape and serious sexual assault, as we know that victims and witnesses are less likely to continue with a prosecution the longer it continues.
Can the Solicitor General update us on the work being done to ensure that those agencies work together to support the victims and prioritise those case listings?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, listing is a matter for the independent judiciary.
However, I can tell him that certain areas have pilot schemes of weekly listing meetings across criminal justice partners to ensure—as he says—that we lessen victim attrition, which is unfortunately far too high as a result of the record court backlog.