The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 31 January.
On Monday I met the families of Grace O’Malley-Kumar, Barnaby Webber and Ian Coates, who were killed in Nottingham.
I assured them that we would do whatever it takes to get the answers that they want.
Following constructive dialogue over past months, I welcome the significant steps the DUP has taken to make restoration of the Executive possible.
I also thank the other political parties in Northern Ireland for the patience they have shown.
After two years without an Executive, there is now the prospect of getting power-sharing back up and running, strengthening our Union, giving the people the local, accountable government that they need and offering a brighter future for Northern Ireland.
My right hon.
Friend the Northern Ireland Secretary will be making a statement shortly.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Last week I met a constituent who was employed not by the Post Office, but by a supermarket that operated a franchise post office.
She was wrongly accused of dishonesty as a result of the faulty Horizon system and put through a disciplinary process by her employer, the supermarket, which had a profound impact on her life.
She is not alone—there are others in her position—yet there is no provision for compensating people who worked in franchise post offices, as she did.
Will the Prime Minister give me a commitment that he will include those victims in the Horizon scandal compensation scheme?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
and learned Lady’s constituent’s case.
As I have said, it was an awful miscarriage of justice and everyone affected deserves not only justice, but compensation and answers.
I will make sure we look into the precise details of her constituent’s case—surely there will be others like that—and will make sure that the Minister gets back to her with all due haste.
Sustainable aviation fuel plays a significant part in the sector’s decarbonisation.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister commit to further policies for a SAF mandate to generate greater demand, and for a revenue support mechanism of the kind that other sectors, including solar and wind-powered generation, have?
Will he give a commitment that work will start by the end of next year on the five promised sustainable aviation plants here in the UK?
I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance that we are committed to ensuring the SAF mandate will be in place by 2025.
By mandating the use of sustainable aviation fuel, we will be able not only to  deliver carbon savings, but to create a brand-new UK market.
As one of the steps in introducing the revenue certainty mechanism that he talks about by 2026, the Department for Transport will be consulting in the spring of this year on options for how that should work in practice.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
May I join the Prime Minister in welcoming the DUP’s statement on the return of the Northern Ireland Executive?
This is an important moment, but we now need all sides to work together to get Stormont back up and running for the people of Northern Ireland.
I, too, met the families of Grace, Barnaby and Ian on Monday.
It is impossible to express in words the horror that they have been through, and continue to go through.
We must all redouble our efforts to do everything we can to help them with their campaign.
This week, two young lives—16-year-old Max and 15-year-old Mason—were taken in Bristol.
I know the whole House will join me in sending condolences to their families and friends.
One of the most difficult experiences for any Member of this House is speaking to those at the sharp end of this Government’s cost of living crisis.
Nobody could fail to be moved by the plight of  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) .
His mortgage has gone up £1,200 a month, and he has been forced to quit his dream job to pay for it.
A Tory MP counting the cost of Tory chaos!
After 14 years, have we finally discovered what they meant when they said, “We’re all in this together”?
Thanks to the mortgage charter that the Chancellor introduced last year, millions of mortgage holders across the country are benefiting from mortgage support.
Rather than take the approach that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman just did, it is important to focus on the practical support in place to help people who need it.
Someone on a typical mortgage is able to save hundreds of pounds thanks to those reforms.
Recently, we have seen mortgage applications at a multi-month high, as a result of confidence returning.
If he really cared about helping people with the cost of living, he would do more to celebrate and acknowledge the fact that, thanks to our plan, millions of working people will start to pay hundreds of pounds less in tax from this month’s payslip.
We all know that is not a priority for him.
He said he wanted to back people on the cost of living, but I read that he has described tax cuts as “salting the earth”.
It seems that his shadow Chancellor is equally confused; in Davos, she said that she backed tax cuts, but back here in Westminster she called them a “scorched earth” policy.
She obviously cannot decide which Wikipedia page to copy this week.
For every £2 the Prime Minister says he is giving people back, he is taking £10 out of their back pocket through higher tax.
He thinks they should be dancing in the street and thanking him.
There are 200,000 people, just like  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , coming off fixed-rate mortgages and paying more each and every month, because the Conservatives crashed the economy.
Does the Prime Minister know how much their monthly repayments are going up by?
As I said, someone on a typical mortgage of about £140,000 with 17 years left is currently paying around £800.
As a result of the ability to extend their mortgage term or switch to a six-month interest-only mortgage, someone on the average mortgage will be able to save hundreds of pounds.
Again, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman says that he cares about the cost of living, but what would have the biggest impact on everyone’s cost of living is his idea to spend £28 billion; a shadow Treasury Minister confirmed just this morning that they remain committed to that.
But he has no plan to pay for that £28 billion—no plan at all.
That is typical Labour economics.
They want to keep the spending but drop the payment plan.
At the weekend I saw the former Labour leader—the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s mentor—who was clear that Labour will make their sums add up with tax rises on people’s assets: their homes, pensions and businesses.
It is the same old Labour party—no plan and back to square one with higher taxes.
The Government have crashed the economy, mortgages are through the roof and they have doubled the debt, and the Prime Minister thinks he can stand there and lecture other people about fiscal responsibility.
He did not answer the question.
Hundreds of thousands of people are coming off fixed-rate mortgages and facing huge mortgage increases, and the Prime Minister will not even do them the courtesy of answering the question.
[Interruption.]
No, he didn’t, so I will ask him again.
Order.
I was very clear at the beginning.
My constituents want to hear—if yours don’t, please leave.
Does the Prime Minister have any idea how much mortgages are going up by this month for those coming off fixed-rate mortgages?
Again, I point the right hon.
and learned Gentleman back to my previous answer.
Everybody’s situation will be different.
Someone on a typical mortgage of around £140,000, who is currently paying £800, will be able to keep their mortgage payment essentially the same by using the facilitations the Chancellor has put in place.
That is what we have done to help people.
Again, it is incumbent on the right hon.
and learned Gentleman to explain to the British public how his policy of decarbonising the grid by 2030 will be funded.
He will not give the answer, but helpfully the shadow Energy Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband) , popped up at the weekend in an interview in The Sunday Times and said that Labour does not need a plan to pay for it because, in his words, it will “produce real savings”, and it makes clear “economic sense”.
The Leader of the Opposition does not want to talk about it at all.
All these years later, it is the same story: the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North has carved a promise in stone, and everybody else just looks away in embarrassment.