The Prime Minister just does not get it.
The Government have crashed the economy; mortgages are skyrocketing; they are doubling the debt.
They say they are going to max out the Government’s credit card at the next Budget—[Interruption.]
Order.
I think the Chief Whip is getting very carried away.
He does not want to lead everybody for a cup of tea, does he? Come on.
The Government have forfeited the right to lecture others about the economy.
Somebody coming off a fixed-rate mortgage will be paying an average of £240 more each and every month—a constant reminder that working people are paying the price for the damage the Government have done to the economy.
This week, I met an employee at Iceland in Warrington—Phil.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Gibson, the same voice keeps appearing again, and it will not appear any more.
I am just letting you know now.
Laughing at an Iceland employee who is struggling with his mortgage—shame.
Phil told me his mortgage is going up by a staggering £1,000 a month.
He does not want other averages—other people, other stories.
This is what is happening to him.
If the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk, on £120,000, cannot afford this Tory Government, how on earth
can people like Phil?
Thanks to the management of the economy, Phil and millions of people like him are now ensuring that inflation is less than half the rate that it was when we were talking a year ago; that is putting more money in their pocket.
Thanks to this Government, Phil and millions of other workers—not just at Iceland, but across the country—are benefiting this month in their pay packet from a tax cut worth hundreds of pounds for someone on an average salary.
I hope the right hon.
and learned Gentleman explained to Phil the cost of his policies.
Did he explain how Phil is going to have to pay for the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s £28 billion green spending spree?
Did he explain what it will cost Phil in higher taxes, with more coming out of his pay packet?
Did he explain to Phil that he would be better off sticking with our plan, rather than going back to square one with him?
I invite the Prime Minister to get in touch with Phil and explain to him how paying £1,000 more in his mortgage is making him better off, because that is not how he feels.
The Prime Minister is so out of touch, it is unbelievable.
Finding hundreds of pounds extra per month may not seem like a big deal to the Prime Minister, but let me tell him that most people do not have that sort of money knocking around.
If that was not bad enough, this week, the Prime Minister told every council in the country to put their council tax up by the maximum of 5%.
That is 26 tax rises now, Prime Minister.
He says everything is fine, and people are better off, but when people see their mortgage going up, their council tax going up and food prices still going up, who does he expect them to believe: his boasts, or their bank account?
Again, I was puzzled—the right hon.
and learned Gentleman resorts here, as always, to the politics of envy.
I was genuinely surprised that, after recently and repeatedly attacking not just me but the Government for lifting the bonus cap, the shadow  Chancellor has announced, just today, that she now supports the Government’s policy on the bankers’ bonus cap—I do not know whether he mentioned that to Phil when he was having his chat, but I am sure he can fill us in.
I can tell him that trust and economic credibility come from sticking to a plan, but it is becoming clear that we cannot trust a word he says.
When the shadow Chancellor claims that they will not borrow much or raise Phil’s taxes, we now know that those promises are just not worth the Wikipedia page they were copied from.
I actually did not expect the Prime Minister to be laughing at Phil.
I did not expect that—[Interruption.]
Order.
Look, I made the statement very clear.
It is very serious that we make sure that people hear both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
It matters to the people who watch the proceedings of this Chamber.
The behaviour that seems to be carrying on is not good.