Diolch yn fawr, Llefarydd.
The Government’s own estimates warn that new Brexit border checks will increase the cost of fresh imports by £330 million and worsen food inflation.
The Secretary of State used to dismiss warnings of Brexit border controls as scare stories.
Will he now admit how wrong he was, and recognise that the best way to reduce food inflation, which sits at an eye-watering 8%, would be to rejoin the single market?
I make no apologies for rubbishing the scare stories that came out before Brexit took place.
We were told that it was going to lead to the collapse of the economy, to the collapse of house prices, to the end of fresh fruit and veg being sold in shops, and even to no more Magnum ice creams.
I think we were even going to run out of Viagra as well at one point.
The reality is that none of those scare stories has happened, but it is a bit ironic that the right hon.
Lady, the leader of the Plaid Cymru group, is demanding that we rejoin the European Union while at the same time wanting to take Wales out of one of the most successful financial unions— Order.
Secretary of State, I am this way, not that way, and you are getting a little carried away.
There are a few more questions, and Liz Saville Roberts has another one for you.
That is a Brexit fantasy, and now we look at the wonder of the UK.
Northern Ireland is set to receive over £3 billion and a fairer funding settlement from the Treasury, which I welcome.
That includes millions of pounds to help balance budgets.
Meanwhile in Wales, councillors face a budget black hole of £646 million, which is set to decimate our social services over the next three years.
These cuts will be devastating for people left without resources during the cost of living crisis.
As Wales’s man in the Cabinet, what has the Secretary of State done to demand equivalent fair funding for Wales?
First, I must point out to the right hon.
Lady that, since leaving the European Union, our growth rate has been better than that of Germany, and our manufacturing has now exceeded that of France.
As far as fair funding for Wales is concerned, we receive  20% more per head to spend on devolved services than is spent in England.
One thing the right hon.
Lady and I might agree on is that it is high time the Welsh Labour Government explained why we have longer waiting lists and lower educational standards, despite having more money to spend on devolved services.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of the energy mix in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of the energy mix in Wales.
That was lively, Mr Speaker.
The UK has a secure and diverse energy system, and Wales continues to play a key role.
The UK Government are going further to ensure our energy security by supporting our oil and gas industry, and investing to scale up our renewable energy production, such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Many of my constituents make the long journey round to work at Hinkley, yet we have had this Government in power for 14 years and we have seen no new nuclear delivered in Wales, despite our proud history of generation, with its significant opportunities to lower energy bills, deliver high-quality jobs and reduce carbon emissions.
Where on earth is their plan, and why are they not getting on with delivering it?
I very much welcome the hon.
Gentleman mentioning nuclear.
I seem to recall that, when his party was in power, Labour did next to nothing to advance the cause of nuclear energy in this country.
It gives me ample opportunity to pay tribute to the work of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ynys Môn (Virginia Crosbie) , who has committed the Government to everything we have done on Wylfa so far.
Progress is being made, in stark contrast to the record of his party.
We have had 14 years of successive Tory Governments, who have all had the chance to invest in the transition to net zero.
Instead, they have chosen to backslide on climate commitments, and it is working people across my constituency of Cardiff North who are paying the price.
With this Government intent on issuing new oil and gas licences, what does the Minister say to families in my constituency who are now paying treble for their energy bills?
I would point out that it is this Government who stepped in with £96 billion of support to mitigate the impact of those energy bills.
I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady’s assessment of our record on net zero, and I would point out that, when her party was in power, 7% of our energy supply came from renewable sources.
Fourteen years!
If the hon.
Lady will let me finish the point, the figure is now just under 50%, and that is the record of this party’s 14 years in power.
My hon.
Friend mentions the new industry of floating offshore wind, which has huge potential to create a large number of high-quality jobs in places such as Milford Haven and Port Talbot.
The two ports both have bids in with the UK Government to the FLOWMIS port infrastructure scheme, which will be key to seeing this vision realised.
When can the ports expect to hear back about those bids?