When the Tories scrapped the cap on bankers’ bonuses in the autumn during a cost of living crisis, the Labour party rightly opposed it.
Yet here we are, just three months later, and the Labour party supports scrapping the cap—shameful.
Is the Prime Minister comforted by the fact that he is now no longer alone in this House on being completely out of touch with public opinion?
As I said at the time, we supported the decision of the independent regulator because it was the right thing for financial stability, and because we on this side of the House have a set of convictions and we have a plan and we stick to it.
But the hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to point out the flip-flopping, U-turning and no convictions of the party opposite.
Of course, scrapping the cap on bankers’ bonuses was only made possible because of Brexit.
What the Westminster parties are now telling the public is that it is OK for bankers to have unlimited Brexit bonuses, but the public who are sitting at home and struggling to feed their families have to suck up and deal with additional food costs as a result of Brexit red tape.
That is the cost and that is the reality of broken Brexit Britain.
Is it not the case that the great achievement of this Tory Government is getting the Labour party to agree to that bleak future?
We are actually delivering benefits for people across Scotland, not least the new free trade deals that are opening up markets for Scottish exporters, freeports that are attracting jobs and investment, and the Brexit pubs guarantee that is cutting the cost of a pint in Scottish pubs.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the cost of living, but what he could do to help the most is ensure that Scotland is not the most highly taxed part of the United Kingdom—and not just for high earners; everyone earning £28,500 or more is paying more tax in Scotland than they would in England, thanks to the SNP.
One punch thrown, two days on life support, then three children left without a father.
A four-year sentence is handed down and the perpetrator is released after two, but one grieving mother has to live a life sentence of agony.
Sentencing for one-punch killers is not working in this country.
Does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to finally introduce a specific offence and a tougher minimum sentence for one-punch manslaughter?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that she has done to bring attention to so-called one-punch manslaughter and to highlight the anguish that—as she knows well—those cases cause to the families of the victims.
I know that the Ministry of Justice has looked very carefully at the amendment that she has proposed, and that she will shortly be meeting the Minister for Safeguarding to discuss both her specific amendment and how we might best address the wider issue.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order!
Ed Davey.
My constituent Millie, a wheelchair user, had a serious accident at a sporting event.
Millie was left waiting on the floor in pain for over two hours before an ambulance arrived.
During her months in hospital since then, she has been dropped, badly, multiple times; left stuck in her bed for days on end; and even told to soil herself when there is no one to take her to the toilet.
Before all this, Millie was living independently and working, but the prospect of her returning to work is being destroyed by the crisis in the NHS and care system.
I am sure the Prime Minister will agree that no one should ever have to go through what Millie has been through, so will he look again at our proposals to ensure that every patient receives the high-quality care that they need?
I am very sorry to hear about Millie’s case, and I am sure that if there are specific aspects of it that need to be examined, the Health Secretary will follow them up with the right hon.
Gentleman.
More generally, we want to make sure that everyone gets the care they deserve, which is why we are not just investing record sums in the NHS but ensuring that there are record numbers of doctors, nurses and new, innovative forms of treatment such as surgical hubs and virtual wards.
All that is showing that ambulance times, which the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned, are lower today than they were this time last year.
The No. 1 reason for children’s hospital admissions in my constituency is dental treatment, but we have no NHS capacity and no orthodontist in Barnstaple.
Our dentists cannot recruit, even with a large golden hello.
The emergency dental plan seems to have been stuck at the Treasury forever.
Might my right hon.
Friend use his spare set of keys and pop round to rescue it for us?
My constituents and I would be ever so grateful.
My hon.
Friend has rightly championed the provision of dentistry in her area.
We are investing £3 billion a year, and the reformed contracts in dentistry from the NHS have improved access while ensuring fairer remuneration for dentists.
We are also providing more financial support for those who need it the most—about half the courses of treatment last year were delivered to those who are non-paying, both adults and children—but yes, more needs to be done, and that is why our dentistry recovery plan will be published shortly.
More than two decades ago, the then Prime Minister, Tony Blair, misled this House by promoting and endorsing the Post Office Horizon IT system as perfect, protecting the large corporation that created it and causing untold harm, damage and misery to innocent people.
Can the current Prime Minister think of anything he has promoted, in partnership with huge businesses, as safe and effective that has ultimately harmed the British people?
Will he use this opportunity to correct that safe and effective statement, or will he choose the same line as Tony Blair and sit back, do nothing and let the misery continue to pile up?
We have been clear that the Horizon scandal is a terrible miscarriage of justice, and we are doing everything we can to make it right.
To what the hon.
Member was more broadly insinuating, let me be unequivocal from this Dispatch Box that covid vaccines are safe.
The shocking revelations of the Horizon scandal highlighted the Post Office’s financial incompetence, and my right hon.
Friend will know that the public’s confidence in the institution is at an all-time low.
Does he agree that as high street banks are closing branches across the country, we should look at developing new community banking solutions rather than giving the Post Office sole responsibility for providing access to cash and other banking services in poorly served neighbourhoods?