The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
Of course, pharmacists will be prescribing for seven common conditions.
Plenty of referrals will be made to GPs, and from GPs to pharmacists, to give patients the accessibility and the appropriate level of assessment for their needs.
Pharmacies in Horsham have asked for such a scheme, so they will very much welcome it, as do I.
However, as the Minister is aware from our one-on-one discussions, for which I am grateful, there are currently issues of access to pharmacies in Horsham.
Will she ensure that the sector is appropriately resourced and has the right training in order to ensure that the scheme is the great success that it deserves to be?
Absolutely, and I am always happy to discuss that further with my right hon.
Friend.
Northern Ireland’s minor ailments scheme, and this Pharmacy First initiative, are acknowledgments that GPs can spend up to 40% of their working day on minor ailments, but the scale in Northern Ireland is different from what has been proposed for England.
Is there capacity for a UK-wide roll-out of Pharmacy First to take pressure off our GP services?
If there is, that would be the right thing to do.
I seriously look forward to the re-establishment of the Stormont Assembly so that it will be possible for Northern Ireland to implement such a scheme itself.
I warmly welcome the statement.
I have been a strong champion of pharmacies in my constituency.
We are experiencing challenges, however, when the likes of Boots withdraw their services.
It is difficult to transfer or apply for licences, despite the fact that we have a number of keen applicants who want to provide important pharmacy services.
What more can the Government do to speed up and make the licensing application procedure smoother and better?
I would love to hear more about that from my right hon.
and learned Friend.
I will be happy to look into it.
In recent months, Boots has closed two of three pharmacies in the Hampton area of my constituency.
That has left Hampton North, which is one of the most deprived wards in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, without a single pharmacy, so elderly residents and those with long-term conditions have to walk for a lot longer than 20 minutes to access a pharmacy.
Local GPs tell me that it is just not viable to set up a community pharmacy facility.
Will the Government review the pressures on community pharmacy and consider the community pharmacy contractual framework so that we can make this initiative work and take the pressure off GPs?
As I have already mentioned, there are many community pharmacies starting up all the time, as well as closing down.
The hon.
Lady will appreciate that the Pharmacy First initiative is a real boost to community pharmacies.
I am happy to discuss it with her, but I would imagine that there will be the capability to open new community pharmacies in her area.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend and her Front-Bench colleagues on rolling out this initiative.
The Isle of Portland had two pharmacies, both run by Boots, but one is now shut.
Can I meet my right hon.
Friend and Front-Bench colleagues to discuss how we can ensure that deprived areas such as Portland retain the pharmacies that they desperately need?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
With so many of my constituents waiting a long time to see GPs, any boost to primary care capacity must be welcomed, so I thank the Minister for today’s announcement.
The GPs and pharmacy staff I meet raise concerns about recruitment to open roles.
What assurances can the Minister offer that this will not be another policy, like the childcare announcement, that lacks the workforce or sectoral strategy to really gain the full benefits?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, our NHS long-term workforce plan intends to increase by 50% the number of registered pharmacists.
That work is under way and includes increasing the number of pharmacy technicians.
It is great that people will be able to go to the pharmacy for their prescriptions, as well as for the products that they need, without the need to visit a GP.
Chelmsford has some great community pharmacies, but Boots is closing three branches.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can ensure that the people of Chelmsford will be able to get to a pharmacy, in order for the initiative to work?
I would be very happy to meet my right hon.
Friend.
The community pharmacy in Wem in my constituency has struggled to find a full-time pharmacist, relying instead on locums.
That means that opening times are erratic, people cannot rely on the service, and the pharmacy is loss-making because locums are so expensive.
How will the Minister help pharmacies in rural areas to recruit the full-time pharmacists and reduce their reliance on locums?
The hon.
Lady will be aware that, although a few are owned by GP practices, community pharmacies are usually private businesses.
We are training the registered community pharmacists that we need.
Obviously, it would be for that local area to put in place its own recruitment policies, but I would be happy to meet her to discuss that further.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend’s statement, and I put on the record my thanks to all the pharmacists who work in my constituency.
The geography of my constituency can often mean that someone’s nearest pharmacy is about a mile and a half away across the water, so they end up driving 11 miles around to get to it.
I believe that the mapping needs to change.
Will she meet me to discuss it?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Just to let her know, 100 pharmacies in Cornwall are signed up to Pharmacy First.
This brilliant announcement has the potential to free up many thousands of GP places in areas such as Peterborough, but the initiative will be the success that we need it to be only if more people know about.
My right hon.
Friend touched on an awareness campaign, but what efforts will she make to ensure that it reaches difficult-to-reach communities, such as those for whom English is an additional language?
There will be a big communications plan, which I am happy to share with my hon.
Friend.
Well over 100 community pharmacies in his area have signed up to Pharmacy First, which is brilliant news.
It is incumbent on us all—and the purpose of the statement—to ensure that our constituents know about this excellent new service.
Although my right hon.
Friend and I share a common scepticism of the sclerotic state of the European Union, there are lessons to be learned from Europe.
I am glad to see that, like France, we are now respecting community pharmacies.
However, I have one specific question.
In her statement, she said that one thing on which the pharmacy can act is female urinary tract infections.
Why not male?
I wish my hon.
Friend a happy Brexit day.
I will have to come back to him on that issue.
The point is that the service is limited to minor urinary tract infections.
That might be why it does not include men, but I will certainly get back to him on that point.
I and many—if not all—of my constituents very warmly welcome the statement.
On integration with other NHS access services, if an individual were to dial NHS 111 with one of the conditions mentioned in the statement, would they be diverted to a pharmacy or to a GP first?
To a pharmacy.
NHS 111, GPs and urgent and emergency care can all refer to pharmacists for those particular common conditions.
I join others in welcoming the new scheme.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure, as part of the communications, that the NHS website is updated to show which pharmacies have signed up to Pharmacy First, and will she continue to encourage those that have not yet signed up to do so?
What is brilliant is that over 95% of all community pharmacies have signed up, including 172 in my hon.
Friend’s area.
Key to the service’s success will be pharmacies actually offering it when patients turn up.
Does my right hon.
Friend know how many individual pharmacists have been trained to provide the services, and is there a way of gathering and publishing data on when pharmacies will offer the service, so that patients will not have a frustrated journey and we can see where the gaps are?
As I say, more than 95% of all community pharmacies have signed up to the service, and all their pharmacists have been trained in how to deliver it.
As someone who has championed the role of community pharmacies throughout my time in this House, I warmly welcome today’s statement.
I am particularly delighted that we were able to host one of the pilot schemes in Cornwall, which was hugely successful, resulting in 7,500 consultations that took 6,000 appointments away from GPs and 75 A&E appearances.
Will the Minister join me in thanking all the pharmacies in Cornwall that took part in that pilot, which was so successful?
Absolutely.
It is only by trying these things that we can see how successful they can be, and I do believe this service is going to radically improve patient access to care.