The Minister is right to say that pharmacists can take pressure off GPs.
However, let us be clear: this announcement will not make up for the 1,000 pharmacies which have been closed under the Conservatives, or the 2,000 GPs that have been cut since 2015.
Patients today are waiting over a month to see a GP, if they can get an appointment at all.
When Labour was last in office, people could get an appointment within 48 hours.
That is the thing with this Government: they give with one hand and take with the other.
Will the Minister explain what has happened to the Government’s pledge to deliver 6,000 more GPs this year and what she is doing to support community pharmacies, which are already facing a perfect storm of inflationary pressures for running costs, recruitment challenges and an unstable medicines market?
The Government press release issued today claims that patients in England will be able to get treatment for seven common conditions at their high street pharmacy from today.
I would like to dig down into whether that is actually the case.
Healthwatch England has warned that it will take time for pharmacists to be trained in order to provide the services that Ministers have announced, so can the Minister tell us when she will be able to guarantee that the services advertised will actually be available?
Let me also ask about IT integration.
To facilitate this roll-out, pharmacists were supposed to have access to GP Connect, so that details of patient consultations would automatically be sent to general practice through the clinical IT systems.
The Government have had 12 months to get that ready, but from what I am hearing this morning it is still not live.
Pharmacists are telling me that they can access only a summary of GP records, that they have to use another system to input what they have prescribed, and that they then have to download that and email it across to the GP.
That is cumbersome.
What estimate has the Minister made of the time that will be wasted at a local level to address that issue, and how long will it take before the system is ready?
Finally, what is the Government’s plan in the longer term to integrate the increase in independent prescribers who are being trained as part of the long-term workforce plan, and does the Minister agree with us that we should be accelerating the roll-out of independent prescribing to establish a community pharmacist prescribing service covering a broad range of common conditions?
That would support patients with chronic conditions, which is the big challenge facing the NHS.
Does the Minister agree that community pharmacies will have an important role to play in supporting GPs in the management of long-term conditions such as hypertension and asthma and in tackling the serious issue of over-prescribing, which is responsible for thousands of avoidable hospital admissions every year?
We agree that patients should be able to go to their local pharmacy to receive some services that they currently get at GP surgeries, such as vaccinations free of charge on the NHS, allowing patients to be seen faster and freeing up GPs to see more complex cases.
By bringing healthcare into the community, patients will have greater  control.
The NHS should be as much a neighbourhood health service as a national health service, with healthcare on the doorstep, there when it is needed—and with Labour, it will be.
Well, the very first appointment under Pharmacy First happened at 8.30 this morning.
It was 8.31!
Oh, was it 8.31?
I thank the Secretary of State.
When will the services be available?
I should think that many more are taking place already.
I am afraid that, while welcoming this, the hon.
Lady is being a little pusillanimous with her praise.
A lot of her suggestions, as she will know, are simply not true: already, well over 2,000 new GPs and tens of thousands of nurses are working in our NHS.
Many thousands of additional practice staff are working in GP practices, and, as she will know, our brilliant GPs have made 50 million more appointments available each year ahead of the target in our manifesto.
Good on them.
They are doing an amazing job, and Pharmacy First will ease the ever-increasing burden on them.
The hon.
Lady talks about technology.
I am pleased to tell her that ensuring that the technology was in place was key in deciding when we could go live.
There is a very short window in which some systems will have elements of manual intervention, but only for a few weeks.
The whole system will be fully automated and will provide the ability to inquire into GP records and to swap advice, which is important for pharmacists to deliver the excellent service that they are already delivering.
Finally, the hon.
Lady will know that community pharmacists have for some time now been delivering blood pressure checks, which in some cases are truly lifesaving.
This is amazing patient access and patient convenience.
The Labour party should, for once, simply praise it and be glad that the Government have stuck to our plan and got on with it.
I am so pleased to hear today’s announcement that we are delivering.
It was one of the key things in our plan for patients that I wanted to ensure happened.
In particular, many Members of this House, current and past, have had infections and, as a consequence of not dealing with them, have ended up in hospital.
This is the sort of sensible approach that, frankly, met some resistance during my time in the Department, with worries about over-prescribing.
It is about treating pharmacists like proper professionals and, most important, providing quicker access to necessary care, which patients will now properly enjoy.
May I say a huge thank you to my right hon.
Friend for her contribution to kicking this project off?
I feel very fortunate to be at the Dispatch Box on the day we launch it, because many others were involved in setting it up.
She rightly highlights some of the problems with spotting things such as sepsis infections, which pharmacists are trained to spot.
They really can be the first line of defence.
Being able to walk in off the high street to see a pharmacist is incredibly valuable to us all.
As a long-standing supporter of the idea of Pharmacy First, I welcome the right hon.
Lady’s statement and the specific reforms she has talked about introducing.
She will be aware, however, that pharmacists in my constituency and further afield are very concerned that they are unable to do the job that they are already expected to because of lack of capacity and problems in accessing certain drugs that they need to prescribe.
Can she indicate how the existing problems will be dealt with, so that they can do what is promised in Pharmacy First?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his support for the programme.
There are around 14,000 licensed medicines, the vast majority of which are in good supply.
The Department works very closely with the sector on finding alternatives and sourcing supplies of medicines, and most of the time we are able to meet the demand.
Occasionally there are challenges, but that does not change in any way the ability of community pharmacists to be the expert medicine suppliers that they are, and to meet the need that members of the general public have for treatment and advice.
I warmly welcome the statement.
This initiative has the potential to transform primary care and access to treatment, but does the Minister agree that to realise its full potential, we need to invest in new technology—she mentioned digitalisation—to make sure that community pharmacies are set up to take advantage of these new opportunities?
We also need to invest in the pharmacy workforce as part of the Government’s long-term workforce plan, so that those in alternative roles within pharmacies, such as pharmacy technicians, have the capacity to take the opportunities she has outlined.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Investing in technology is vital, but so is investing in the workforce.
We have seen a 61% increase in the number of registered community pharmacists since 2010, and we aim in our long-term NHS workforce plan to increase that by a further 50%.
We have already increased the number of training places for both pharmacists and pharmacy technicians.
I, too, welcome Pharmacy First, which I think is a very good initiative.
In recent weeks we have seen the closure of two pharmacies in my area, on Beverley Road and Chanterlands Avenue.
I am also told by leaders in the Humber pharmacy community that our area has one of the largest numbers of temporary closures because of problems accessing pharmacists.
Will the Minister look favourably, therefore, on my idea to attach a school of pharmacy to Hull York Medical School?
We need a school of dentistry, too.
If we could have a centre of excellence in the Humber area, it might solve some of our specific workforce problems.
I am always happy to speak to colleagues on both sides of the House about their ideas for new dental and pharmacy schools.
It is an ongoing interest.
England is, in fact, blessed with huge numbers of community pharmacies—well over 10,000—and four in five of us are able to walk to a community pharmacy  within 20 minutes.
The number of pharmacies in more deprived areas is double the number in more well-off areas.
We are very well served by our brilliant pharmacies, and I hope the Pharmacy First programme will improve their footfall and their value in each of our communities.
I very much welcome this initiative to encourage our pharmacies to provide more frontline healthcare.
People need to know about this, because they often do not think of going to the pharmacy.
What work are the Government doing in larger population centres such as Harwich and Dovercourt, which has over 20,000 people but no out-of-hours pharmacy cover?
People have to make a round trip of more than 40 miles to collect a prescription on a Sunday, for example.
Are the Government doing any work on 24/7 pharmacy coverage for larger population areas?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
Pharmacists will keep their community pharmacy open for up to 72 hours a week in most cases, and up to 100 hours in some cases, which means there is weekend accessibility.
We keep this under review, but the availability is very good.
The Liberal Democrats have long supported calls for Pharmacy First, and the National Pharmacy Association, based in my St Albans constituency, has been calling for it since at least 2017.
This is a welcome move, but it is long overdue.
The Minister will be aware that there have been almost 700 permanent pharmacy closures since 2015, and the Company Chemists Association now estimates that eight pharmacies a week are closing, including one in my constituency.
What steps is she taking to make sure there are no more closures this week, next week and every other week this year?
The hon.
Lady might remember that the Liberal Democrats were in government for a good part of that period.
She talks about pharmacy closures, and we see pharmacies opening and closing.
There has been a small number of net closures, but we are very well served across England and we keep a close eye on that.
Pharmacy First is a new boost to community pharmacies across England.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on bringing in this initiative.
I have fantastic community pharmacies in South Derbyshire—although, sadly, when the boundary changes come, I will lose Hatton to Derbyshire Dales.
They are leaders in their field and they are trusted in their communities.
This is a brilliant initiative, and I cannot thank my right hon.
Friend enough.