Pharmacies are at the centre of our communities.
They are an accessible front door to our NHS for millions of people.
Alongside general practice, optometry and dentistry, pharmacy is one of the four pillars of primary care in England.
Four in five people in England live within a 20-minute walk of a community pharmacy.
Pharmacies provide fast, fair and simple access to care and advice for the kinds of illnesses from which people suffer every day.
Our constituents can now walk in off the high street whenever it suits them—whether they are at home, at work, or visiting somewhere.
Our pharmacists are not only conveniently located, but highly skilled professionals with years of training under their belts.
The number of registered pharmacists in England has grown considerably under this Conservative Government—up 61% compared with 2010.
None the less, these skilled healthcare professionals still represent a rather untapped resource in our NHS, so this Government are bringing forward reforms that will make the most of their expertise: giving people up and down the country a variety of quality care and wise advice, quickly and easily, saving them a trip to the GP; freeing up appointments for patients who need GPs the most; and driving our plan to cut waiting lists.
The benefits are clear.
That is why this Government have consistently taken the decisions that allow community pharmacists to deliver more clinical services and supply more treatments— whether that be other parts of the NHS referring patients suffering from minor illnesses to community pharmacists for advice and the sale of over-the-counter medicines, offering lifesaving blood pressure checks in pharmacies, or making it easier for women to access oral contraception in pharmacies.
I am proud of everything that we have accomplished so far.
To unlock the full potential of our pharmacists, we need to go further and faster.
That is why I am delighted to inform the House today that we are launching the Pharmacy First service—a personal priority of the Prime Minister, who is himself the son of a pharmacist.
This will give pharmacists the power to supply prescription-only medications, including antibiotics and antivirals for seven common conditions: sore throats, ear aches, infected insect bites, impetigo, shingles, and minor urinary tract infections in women.
More than 10,000 community pharmacies have signed up—over 95% of pharmacies in England—which is a brilliant sign of their approval.
The next time that anyone is suffering from any of those seven conditions, for most people their first port of call will be a quick trip or a call to their pharmacist.
They will not need to see their GP first.
They will not need to spend time making an appointment, and they can turn to their pharmacist whenever it suits them.
That benefits everyone involved: people get the care they need faster; GPs can focus on more complicated cases; and pharmacists can make better use of their knowledge and skills.
This is a common-sense reform.
Pharmacists see and advise people with these sorts of conditions every day, but we  have now enabled them to provide prescription-only medicines where clinically appropriate, so that they can help people more easily.
All this will deliver results.
Pharmacy First will make it easier for millions of people to get the care they need on the high street and, together with the expanded blood pressure and contraception service, it will free up as many as 10 million GP appointments, in turn reducing unnecessary trips to A&E, reducing the pressure on GPs, and driving forward our plan to cut waiting lists for patients.
The investment that we are putting into Pharmacy First will also level up digital infrastructure in community pharmacies up and down the country, streamlining referrals to and from GPs, giving pharmacists better access to relevant information from patients’ GP records, and allowing them to share relevant information quickly in return.
Pharmacy First is not just about delivering care faster, but about making care fairer by driving down health inequalities.
That is because there is double the number of pharmacies in the most deprived communities in our country.
Getting the right care, the right contraception and the right test will now be faster and simpler for all those people in our more deprived communities than it ever has been before.
Thanks to Pharmacy First, they will be able to take full advantage of their pharmacists’ expertise and use them to complement the care they receive from their GPs and throughout the NHS.
Pharmacy First was made possible only through close collaboration with Community Pharmacy England, which I thank for all the work it has done and will continue to do to support community pharmacies to gear up and deliver this new service for our NHS.
We on the Conservative Benches have a clear plan for the NHS: getting patients the care they need faster; making the system simpler for staff; and making it fairer for everyone.
That is our plan and I look forward to working with pharmacists up and down the country to deliver today’s announcements as we build a brighter future for families right across the country.
I commend this statement to the House.