The Minister boasts about the transition board, but that only exists because of the Government’s failure to protect jobs and vital industries.
Each year, Port Talbot provides enough virgin steel to deliver the UK’s 2030 wind targets by itself.
Can she tell the House where that steel will come from when her Government’s intervention shuts the blast furnaces early?
Will it come from India?
If so, we will be surrendering our ability to create jobs, investment and cheaper bills here in Britain.
Mr Speaker, it will not surprise you to learn that I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady’s assessment.
I would point out that this Government have provided the transition board with £80 million.
We have not seen any of the £20 million that the Welsh Labour Government have promised, but indications so far are that moving away from steelmaking would not have a direct impact on national security.[Official Report,  6 February 2024 , Vol. 745, c. 4MC.]
(Correction)
Whether he has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the introduction of a 20 mph speed limit on residential roads and pedestrian streets in Wales.
Whether he has had discussions with the Welsh Government on the introduction of a 20 mph speed limit on residential roads and pedestrian streets in Wales.
The Welsh Government’s policy on the blanket 20 mph speed limit is damaging communities and businesses across Wales.
All of us support 20 mph limits if there is a safety reason outside schools, hospitals or old people’s homes, but the blanket 20 mph limit is, by the Welsh Government’s own figures, going to create a £4.5 billion hit to the Welsh economy.
In my constituency, bus services no longer serve Dyserth’s high street or the Tweedmill shopping outlet in Trefnant, which impacts on some of the most vulnerable people.
Arriva has stated that the Welsh Government’s 20 mph policy is a key reason for that.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Welsh Government have failed in multiple ways to properly consider the impact of their policy and that they should repeal it in full?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
Not only have the Welsh Government not considered the impact of this policy on the economy, businesses and commuters, but they have failed to consider the impact on users of public transport.
We are seeing bus timetables across the whole of Wales being ripped up because of this daft policy.
The Welsh Labour Government seem determined to apply a handbrake to the Welsh economy.
Blanket 20 mph zones do not command widespread public support and, as a consequence, are widely ignored and unenforceable.
Furthermore, there is very little evidence that they improve road safety or air quality.
The roll-out of the scheme in Wales has proved to be an utter farce.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the Labour party has not learned its lesson and would no doubt seek to impose this costly and disastrous policy in England were it to be elected?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
Not only have the Welsh Labour Government not considered this policy, but they have ignored the fact that 468,000 people have signed a petition calling on them to reconsider—the largest petition in the history of the Senedd.
He is also correct to say that if a Labour Government were ever elected in this country—I certainly hope that will not happen—it is inevitable that they would pursue anti-motorist policies such as the 20 mph speed limit, a ban on new roads being built, and congestion charges and emission zones being set up all over the place.
The South Wales Argus of  28 December 2022  informs us that the Secretary of State for Wales outlined his “anger” that the 20 mph speed limit in Caerwent was not being enforced properly by the police.
Is he still angry?
I began my response earlier by saying that all of us in this House support 20 mph speed limits where there is an issue of safety, and I could not be more clear about that.
What I do not support is a blanket 20 mph limit.
Alongside that blanket 20 mph limit on 30 mph roads, the Welsh Labour Government are using underhand methods to bring down the speed limits on perfectly safe dual carriageways from 70 mph to 50 mph.
That is what lies in store if Labour is ever elected to government in the rest of the country.
Clearly the 20 mph speed limit that is being enforced in Wales will restrict people in their movement.
Has the Minister had any discussions with the Welsh Assembly on providing more buses to take people out of their cars, and will there be more provision for cyclists?
If there is not that provision, this system cannot work.
Unfortunately, Welsh Senedd Ministers do not seem interested in reconsidering the policy.
Frankly, there is an anti-motorist agenda with the Welsh Labour Government, which has seen blanket 20 mph speed limits, speed reductions on dual carriageways, congestion charges being considered and charging to use the M4.
Most shockingly of all, my own Labour council is considering bringing back Severn bridge tolls.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of rail infrastructure in Wales.
I have regular discussions with colleagues across Government on rail infrastructure.
The UK Government are committed to building a strong rail infrastructure network across Wales, which will improve connectivity and drive economic growth.
We have provided over £390 million for Welsh rail in recent years, and we recently announced a further £1 billion to fund the electrification of the north Wales main line.
The Welsh Affairs Committee highlights the need for greater connectivity between Swansea, Cardiff and Bristol, which would be of huge benefit, particularly for sports and music fans coming to Ashton Gate in my constituency.
Why has the Wales Rail Board failed to initiate recommendations and other further improvements?
The hon.
Lady’s constituents will be greatly affected by the project that she mentions and by the performance of Great Western Railway, which is not sufficient.
The Office of Rail and Road has launched an investigation into poor train punctuality and reliability in Network Rail’s Wales and western region, and we await the recommendations of that review.
I add that industrial action has affected things.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Network Rail and its subcontractors on completing the repair works on the longest wooden rail bridge in Europe across the Mawddach estuary in Gwynedd?
I certainly will join my hon.
Friend, and I am delighted that he takes such keen interest in Welsh rail infrastructure and raises it here on such a regular basis.
He is right to flag that project, which is an example of this Government’s record investment in rail infrastructure in Wales.
I was pleased to visit the project and give it my full support.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of the steelmaking industry in Wales.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of the steelmaking industry in Wales.
The Government are investing £500 million to secure the future of steelmaking in Port Talbot for generations to come.
It is one of the largest UK Government support packages for steelmaking in history, and it will protect 5,000 jobs directly with Tata and many thousands more in the supply chain.
Last week, the Secretary of State stated in the steel debate that he understands “the devastation that people will feel in Port Talbot—the whole community, but especially those people who face the loss of their jobs”—[Official Report,  23 January 2024 ; Vol. 744, c. 264.]
at the plant and beyond.
Why is it, then, that the Secretary of State or the Business Secretary did not put in a red line on job losses while this work was being done, especially given that Tata has this morning doubled down on those losses at the Welsh Affairs Committee?
It is nothing short of a disgrace.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, Tata approached the UK Government and said it was intending to pull out of the United Kingdom.
If Tata had pulled out completely, that would have immediately cost 8,000 jobs and many thousands more in the supply chain.
The Government therefore acted to take the only deal available, which was to build the electric arc furnace and save thousands of jobs.
I do not think that thousands of jobs will be saved at all.
The people of Teesside, who saw the Tory Government abandon them and end virgin steelmaking at Redcar, leading to the loss of 3,000 jobs, will sympathise with those in Wales.
The failure of the same Government will see virgin steelmaking also ended in Wales, with the loss of another 3,000 jobs, and leave the UK even more reliant on imports, as they are surrendering the market to other countries.
Why would the Government want to do that when steel is a foundation industry and, with the introduction of new technologies, could have a bright future?
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be aware that 100% of the materials—the iron ore and coke—used to produce steel in Port Talbot are imported from abroad.
At the same time, we are exporting 8 million tonnes of scrap steel, so building an arc furnace to make use of that scrap steel will make us less dependent on other countries for our steel.
As far as job losses are concerned, the UK Government have put aside a budget of £80 million, combined with £20 million from Tata, to support anyone who loses their job.
Thus far, we have not had one single penny towards that from the Welsh Labour Government—who, by the way, are able to find £100 million to create a whole load of extra Senedd members in Cardiff Bay.
I know where my priorities are: with the steelworkers.
Steelmaking is essential to our national security, as is reaching net zero.
The problem is that the Welsh Labour Government cannot make their mind up about which is more important.
After trying to kill off the steel industry with their green measures, they now complain that the UK Government are not doing enough to support that industry.
Does the Secretary of State think that they do not really know their ACAS from their NALGO?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
The Government have looked carefully at this, and very little steel being produced by Port Talbot is going into the defence industry, but the defence industry is being supplied with steel from an electric arc furnace by Sheffield Forgemasters.
There is absolutely no reason why an electric arc furnace built at Port Talbot, using UK Government support, cannot help support our defence industry in the years to come.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting victims of crime in Wales.
I have regular discussions with ministerial colleagues on a range of topics including on justice matters.
The Government are committed to supporting victims.
By 2025, we will have quadrupled funding in England and Wales for victim and witness support services from 2010 levels.
Nine in 10 crimes went unsolved in Wales in the last six months.
What does the Minister say to the victims of the 82,000 unsolved crimes?
I would point to the Government’s record on crime.
Last week’s Office for National Statistics crime survey shows drops in all major crime types, with an average reduction of about 50%.
Violent crime is down by 51%, neighbourhood crime is down by 48%, and theft is down by 46%.
That is due in part to the fact that the Government have met their commitment to provide 20,000 extra police officers.
My own force, Dyfed-Powys, has now got an extra 143 officers.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of levelling-up funding on Welsh communities.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues and delivery teams in the Department for Levelling Up,  Housing and Communities on the progress of levelling-up fund projects in Wales.
I look forward to hearing more about the projects taking place in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The Môr i’r Mynydd—sea to mountain—active travel route in the Conwy valley received an £18.6 million boost through levelling-up funds The projects will make a positive difference to communities in Glan Conwy, Betws-y-Coed and Trefriw.
Apart from unlocking the Conwy valley to visitors, it will help young people get to school safely and workers to their jobs.
I meet regularly with Conwy County Borough Council about the progress of those projects.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that levelling-up funds are being delivered effectively in Wales?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being such a champion of levelling-up fund schemes in his constituency.
The levelling-up funds have allowed us to keep our post-Brexit promise to ensure that Wales continues to be generously funded.
That is one of many such projects, such as the levelling-up funds, the freeports and the investment zones that are ensuring that Wales levels up.
Like the towns and villages I represent, coalfield communities in Wales are still bearing the brunt of deindustrialisation.
I am delighted that we will have a debate tomorrow on miners and mining communities, and I encourage Welsh colleagues to attend.
Can the Minister tell us what steps he is taking to ensure that levelling-up funding in Wales and across the coalfields in the UK is targeted at the most deprived, left-behind areas, which have suffered most?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to say we need to target the areas most in need, but that is exactly what this Government have been doing.
It is not just about levelling-up funds; we have had four growth deals across the length and breadth of Wales, three rounds of levelling-up funding, two investment zones, two freeports, an electrified rail line in north Wales and an electrified arc furnace in south Wales.
The reality is that while we are committed to levelling up, the Welsh Labour Government are committed to levying further taxes on people and businesses on Wales.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I want to say that recent exchanges have  been lively, to the point where it is becoming difficult  for colleagues to hear what is being said clearly, and there has been an escalation in unhelpful exchanges across the Floor of the House from sedentary positions and the attempted use of props.
Some of the language used in questions has also fallen short of the standards of good temper and moderation that should characterise the proceedings of this House.
I know there is a general election approaching, but I urge hon.
Members on both sides of the House to exercise greater self-restraint in their choice of words and in their general behaviour, both when they are asking a question and when they are not.