One of the Nolan principles—integrity—states that holders of public office should not act to gain material benefits for themselves, their family or their friends.
On 6 January the Prime Minister tweeted a link to the Conservative party website that seemed to scrape people’s data and place unwanted cookies on their machines.
The Good Law Project is now pursuing this.
Can he assure the House that no laws have been broken by his party?
Of course our party follows all laws.
A first responsibility for Government is to fix the housing crisis that young people did not cause.
Three years ago, we dragged house building in this country up to the highest level since 1987, after the last Labour Government left it at its lowest level since the 1920s.
But house building is weakening and we need to do more.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider using the Budget to do as he
and I did together during the pandemic: cut stamp duty to boost housing starts, reignite the economy and support thousands of businesses across our country?
My right hon.
Friend is right to point out that since 2010 we have delivered 2.5 million additional homes, and we are on track to deliver 1 million just in this Parliament and help over 850,000 families into home ownership through schemes such as Help to Buy and the right to buy.
Obviously, tax decisions are a matter for the Chancellor, but I would point out that our existing stamp duty relief for first-time buyers ensures that the vast majority of first-time buyers in our country pay absolutely no stamp duty.
The all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment has today published polling that found that nearly half of employers exclude blind and partially sighted people from their workplaces and that one in four said that they would not be willing to make workplace adjustments.
The disability employment gap remains stubbornly at 30% and the pay gap means that blind and partially sighted people effectively work for free for 47 days of the year.
Will the Prime Minister meet me and sight loss organisations to discuss how we can create a more inclusive workforce?
I share the hon.
Lady’s ambition for an inclusive workforce.
The record in supporting those with disabilities into work over the past several years has been incredibly strong.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions is actively looking at that and making sure that our accessibility plan is up to date and inclusive.
I will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
Having visited recently, I know that Israel remains in shock following the rape, murder and butchery carried out by Hamas.
All of us want to see a peaceful and demilitarised Palestinian state.
However, Hamas remain in control in large parts of Gaza, support for them is growing in the west bank, polls show that nearly two thirds of Palestinians reject co-existence with Israel and the Palestinian Authority has continued to promote hatred of Jews.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that any recognition of a Palestinian state must address these issues and can come about only as part of a negotiated settlement between Israel and the Palestinians?
The Government’s position is clear.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right that steps and conditions need to be put in place on this journey: first and foremost, the removal of Hamas from Gaza; a Palestinian-led Government in Gaza and the west bank; a concrete plan to reform and support the Palestinian Authority; a reconstruction plan for Gaza; and a two-state solution, which we have long supported.
Let me be clear: we stand with Israel.
The terrorist threat it faces must be eliminated and Israel’s lasting security must be guaranteed.
On 15 November last year, I appealed to the Prime Minister to choose de-escalation and peace over violence, death and destruction, but he called me “naive”.
So far, over 26,000 souls have perished in Gaza.
In a powerful and moving open letter in Monday’s , the Jewish Voice for Peace Rabbinical Council cited Deuteronomy— “I have put before you life and death, blessing and curse.
Choose life”— and accused President Biden of choosing death.
If the Prime Minister will not listen to me or the International Court of Justice, will he listen to the Rabbinical Council, or will he call it “naive” too?
I have been clear multiple times that we are deeply concerned about the impact on the civilian population of the fighting in Gaza.
Too many people have lost their lives and there is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support in Gaza.
I will not go over all the debates we have had about the conditions that are necessary for an immediate pause leading to a sustainable ceasefire, but I assure the House that we are doing everything we can to get more aid into the region as quickly as possible.
Chatham docks support over 800 local, high-value jobs which are at risk because the owners are continuing in their pursuit to displace successful businesses, such as ArcelorMittal Kent Wire.
The Labour council is failing to honour the commitment it made before the local elections to protect the docks and the jobs.
Even the Leader of the Opposition said he was “proudly backing” the Save Chatham Docks campaign.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to see how we can protect the docks and save those jobs for my constituents?
Is this not just another example of how Labour and its leaders change their position depending on which way the wind blows?
My right hon.
Friend has been a constant champion of Chatham docks and I am disappointed to hear that the local Labour council is failing to honour the commitments it has made.
As she points out, I am not surprised that the Leader of the Opposition has said one thing and then consequently done another.
The docks support hundreds of jobs and I join her in calling on the council to rethink its approach.