Steel output in the UK fell by 49% in 2021, by 30% in 2022 and by 11% in 2023—what an awful thing to have happened to our industry.
We need to turn that around.
We do not underestimate how hard that will be, but we are putting in place the money, the policies and the Government dedication to ensure that we support a thriving steel industry.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
We are continuing to work with colleagues across Government to develop a programme that will revitalise the nation’s high streets and support businesses.
We will publish a small business strategy later this year, and high streets will be a key pillar of that.
We have already committed to continuing funding for business growth programmes such as the growth hub network and announced plans for a new business growth service.
Yesterday, Bromsgrove received the devastating news that it is about to lose both its Lloyds and Halifax bank branches in the town centre.
Those banks are a lifeline to many small businesses, particularly those run by independent small entrepreneurs, as well as many residents who use their banking facilities on probably a weekly or daily basis.
Does the Minister agree that banking hubs can be part of an ongoing solution to retain banking services in our towns?
Will he support my campaign for a banking hub in Bromsgrove?
Will he meet me to make that a reality?
I recognise that there will be a lot of concern in the hon.
Member’s constituency following that news yesterday.
I agree that banking hubs can make a significant difference, which is why we have been quick to roll out more than 100 of them.
Plans for another 76 have already been developed and we are committed to rolling out 350 in total.
In the spirit of one Thomas trying to help another Thomas, I am happy to meet him.
Our small businesses are the lifeblood of our high street and often give young students their first opportunity for a job on a Saturday or in the holidays.
However, one of my local small business owners says that she can no longer afford such roles because of the increase in employer national insurance contributions and changes to business rates, among other things.
What will the Government do to support our young people into jobs when small businesses are left in that awful position?
The hon.
Lady might want to check again with the business she refers to, because, in the most recent Budget, the employment allowance was raised to some £10,500, which will help every small employer’s national insurance bill every year, and should ensure that more than 1 million firms benefit.
That is a very practical measure; more broadly, on the point about national insurance contributions, she will know that Labour inherited a very difficult financial situation because of mistakes made by the Conservatives, and difficult decisions have had to be taken.
Small local businesses in Grangemouth such as pubs, restaurants, cafes, hairdressers and garages all rely on the custom that they receive from the workers of the Grangemouth refinery, but the Government have been very passive in allowing the refinery to close, thus impoverishing the local community.
What message do the Government have, first for the refinery workers who face redundancy, and secondly for the small local businesses that rely on their custom?
In her speech yesterday, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor set out a series of measures that the Government want to take to boost growth across the country and benefit every part of the UK, from investing in modern road and rail systems to expanding airport capacity, rebalancing the planning system and driving investment in cheaper renewable energy, and by creating a national wealth fund that can back the new technologies of the future.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the specific concerns he has mentioned, if he thinks that would be useful.
Falkirk High Street is the beating heart of our district, with recent additions including Barracuda chippy, El Toro Gaucho steakhouse, Greek Theory restaurant and Rock Bottom beer hall.
Many Falkirk town centre businesses still raise with me the hardship they have faced because of cost rises and utility, rent and parking increases over a number of years, as well as rental value threshold changes by the Scottish Government, which have contributed to decreased footfall and failing business over a number of years.
While I welcome the Government’s commitment to shifting  the burden away from the high street, will the Minister outline what further steps he is taking to support my high street, and what engagement he has had with the Scottish Government to support shifting the rate burden away from Falkirk High Street taxpayers?
I referred to the establishment of the business growth service in answer to an earlier question.
We are working with the Scottish Government to begin to think through how that service can support businesses in Scotland and complement the support already provided by the Scottish Government.
We are clear on the need to reform business rates to support retail, hospitality and leisure businesses on the high street.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend if he thinks there are further initiatives we can take to help small businesses in Falkirk.