I declare an interest: a family member has shares in a medical company.
In the United States, President Trump created chaos by freezing funding for the National Institutes of Health, and his nominee for US Health Secretary is an anti-vaccine conspiracy theorist.
The United Kingdom has the perfect opportunity to seize this moment and make ourselves a beacon for global research investment.
Already, Wokingham has many pharmaceutical businesses, such as Becton Dickinson and Hollister.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure we attract global life sciences sectors to the UK?
I was in Davos last week meeting representatives from the life sciences industry and talking about the huge potential for growth that we have in the UK.
One of the eight sectors we have identified as part  of the industrial strategy, is life sciences, where we have huge talent and huge skills.
We need to build on that and be really ambitious in what we can deliver.
Through the industrial strategy and the work with the brilliant industries we have in this country, we can do just that.
What steps he is taking to help increase business confidence.
As the Chancellor of the Exchequer said only yesterday, we are driving forward planning reforms, boosting capital investment by over £100 billion over the next five years, and creating the national wealth fund.
We are launching the business growth service and will soon publish our modern industrial strategy, which will be unreservedly pro-business.
Business leaders, not surprisingly, have backed those measures.
But the Minister will be aware that in the last few weeks the CBI, the Institute of Directors and the London chamber of commerce have all said that business confidence is plummeting.
Given the tsunami of national insurance contribution increases, business rates increases and employment cost rises, is it not hardly surprising that confidence is being destroyed?
Are the Government, rather than promoting growth, not actually destroying it?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman needs to check his sources for comments from business leaders.
Only yesterday the British Chambers of Commerce, the CBI and the Federation of Small Businesses were making very positive comments about our plans for growth, and last week, interestingly, PwC published its annual survey of global CEOs to reveal that Britain was the second most attractive country in the world in which to invest.
That is something that I do not think the party opposite ever achieved.
Business confidence increases when businesses know that they have the skilled workforce they need in order to grow.
We have just had Nuclear Week in Parliament, and it was a pleasure to host Rolls-Royce and its apprentices.
Its nuclear skills academy is providing a pipeline of talent, and the same is needed across other industries—from technical skills to creative skills, and from multinationals to small businesses.
What cross-departmental discussions have Ministers had about helping businesses of all sizes to provide skills opportunities for our future workforce?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her support for Rolls-Royce, which is one of our great British companies leading the way in many export markets across the world.
Only yesterday I was discussing with the Minister for Skills our plans to reform the growth and skills levy to make it easier for businesses such as Rolls-Royce to recruit apprentices and find the talent that they need to continue to be successful.