Nearly 600,000 women are waiting for treatment on gynaecology waiting lists in England; the longest waits are leading to preventable diseases progressing and it is one of the worst specialties for long waits.
The Care Quality Commission has investigated and reported that 65% of maternity units are not as safe as they should be.
That high number could almost be considered a public health crisis, and it has led to the highest amount of negligent payouts due to avoidable injury and even death.
This absolutely needs to be addressed.
Many women, such as my partner Emma, have had to fight for years to get just a diagnosis for endometriosis, let alone any treatment, having been told for years that the symptoms are completely normal and do not need investigating.
In the Government’s— Order.
I know I am being difficult on time limits, but the Liberal Democrat spokes- person should have one minute in an urgent question, which the hon.
Gentleman has already far exceeded.
Perhaps he will come up with a question in one sentence for the Minister.
Apologies, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Yes, in one sentence: the Government’s manifesto rightly said that “Never again will women’s health be neglected”.
Can we have assurances that we will not remove the ICB requirement to have women’s health hubs?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight those long waits.
That is why we particularly highlighted gynaecology for attention in the elective reform plan.
It is shocking that the last Government left 600,000 women on these lists, and moving back to making sure people wait no longer than 18 weeks will predominantly be helping those women.
The hon.
Gentleman is also right to highlight the appalling maternity situation.
The Secretary of State and my noble Friend Baroness Merron, who leads in this area, have met many families to discuss their experiences, and we know those experiences are unacceptable.
We know there are big issues around staffing, and it is a priority to work with NHS England to make sure that we grow workforce capacity as quickly as possible so that we can be sure that those situations are safe.
There are many debates in this place about the issue and we will continue to update the House.
Under the last Government, five times more research went into erectile dysfunction, which affects 19% of men, than went into premenstrual syndrome, which affects 90% of women.
Women are waiting more than eight years for endometriosis diagnoses.
GPs are not required to undertake a gynaecological rotation within their training.
Women’s health must be put at the head of our agenda.
Will the Minister assure women in this country that things will change under this Government?
I absolutely will give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
The situation will change partly because there are more people like her and more women in this place.
We have more women across all parties raising this issue and more women in senior positions in the National Institute for Health and Care Research.
Crucially, we have women leading in science and research.
Dealing with the misogyny around the system and in medical systems is also important for making sure that women lead this work.
We want to make sure that the NIHR, which has a strategy to address this issue, rectifies the situation that she outlines.