Next week, members of the Public and Commercial Services Union in the Department for Business and Trade are once again out on strike.
Does the Minister consider the union’s demands to be reasonable?
Will Ministers cross picket lines to return to work?
The shadow Secretary of State shows a new-found respect for the trade unions, after the previous Government’s failure to engage with them caused multiple strikes and huge amounts of wasted money.
The contract is not directly with the Department, but obviously we work with PCS and all our trade unions.
I regularly meet our trade unions to make sure that we have good workers’ rights.
rose— We need to keep questions and answers short and sharp.
The UK has the world’s largest deposits of polyhalite, which is used as a low-carbon fertiliser but is not on the Government’s list of critical minerals.
The extraction of polyhalite is being developed at the Woodsmith mine near Whitby, employing over 1,000 people.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss polyhalite’s inclusion on the critical minerals list, given the potential of the deposits at Woodsmith to cut carbon emissions, boost exports and create skilled jobs?
I met Anglo American to talk about Woodsmith just a couple of weeks ago when I was in Saudi Arabia, and it is an important site.
I promised to go and see it, so perhaps I can go with my hon.
Friend.
It is important that the critical minerals strategy we are developing marks a step change from the previous Government’s strategy, which just looked at a moment in time and said, “We need to do a bit more of this, that and the other.”
We will have targets, will be driving forward, and will look at our future demand.
We are going to look at the eight sectors that we want to grow, consider what critical minerals we need, and think about how to ensure that we have the supply chains to get it right.
The outgoing chair of the Competition and Markets Authority warned of the authority being vulnerable to “expediency or vested interests”.
Does the Minister believe that appointing a former Amazon executive produces that risk?
No.
Basingstoke is a digital powerhouse, once dubbed the “silicon suburb”.
It is home to over a thousand tech companies and thousands of high-quality tech jobs.
Will the Minister set out what the Government are doing to support high productivity digital hubs, like Basingstoke, to scale, secure investment and contribute towards the Government’s national growth mission?
My hon.
Friend is right that there is a lot of expertise and a lot of tech companies in his patch, and we want to see them thrive.
It is for the Government to support that growth, to listen to what the barriers to growth are and to tackle them.
Our digital development strategy, the UK’s digital strategy and our AI strategy, which the Prime Minister launched, are all vehicles to support these brilliant industries that we want to encourage.
I am always happy to talk to my hon.
Friend about what more we can do to encourage more of them on to his patch.
My constituent, Charlotte Durrant, runs a plant shop called the Aroid Attic on Bath Road in Cheltenham.
Before Brexit, she was able to import her plants from the Netherlands with no bureaucracy and without any import duties.
Do Ministers agree that a customs union with the European Union would solve that problem?
If they do not agree with that, do they agree that more needs to be done to help small and medium-sized enterprises like Charlotte’s to tackle the competition from larger supermarkets, which are her main competitors?
I commend Charlotte on her business.
We recognise that we need to do more to help businesses like hers to be able to export more easily to Europe.
That is why the Prime Minister has set out our determination to reset the relationship with Europe.
We have made clear our plans to negotiate a phytosanitary agreement with the EU, which may or may not make an immediate difference for Charlotte, but there are other aspects of our plans to reset the relationship with Europe that I hope will help.
Despite repeated Government and union engagement, it seems that Luton could be set to lose one of its largest private sector employers, as Stellantis closes its Vauxhall plant, despite our excellent transport connections, skilled work- force and proud industrial heritage.
In the light of that devastating blow, does the Minister recognise the importance of Luton airport as a tool to invest in growth and attract private sector employment to our town?