I begin by drawing attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
When consumer confidence is low, business confidence is low, and nowhere is that more visible than in our automotive sector, with UK car production slumping to its lowest level since 1954.
Autocar magazine warned today that the zero emission vehicle mandate “is currently the industry’s biggest headache, as…consumer demand is not there to meet the stringent regulations which are increasing each year.”
When policy fails, it is sensible to admit it and change course.
Will the Minister accept that the ZEV mandate flies in the face of what consumers actually want, and that a radically different path is required to boost business confidence in our automotive sector?
No, I do not accept that, and I would gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that the policy to which he has referred was introduced by his party.
I recognise that there are many aspects of the Conservative party’s record about which he and his colleagues are probably embarrassed.
The Liz Truss Budget—which the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , helped to write—did huge damage to our country and to consumer confidence.
The measures that the Chancellor announced yesterday, for example, will drive growth forward, and that is one of the reasons why businesses backed them so strongly yesterday.
It normally takes longer than six months for a Government to drift that far from reality.
The Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders has predicted that just 775,000 cars will roll off production lines in 2025, compared to 1.3 million in 2019.
Today’s edition of The Telegraph reports: “The slump has been accelerated by a slowdown in demand across Europe, particularly by drivers shunning new electric vehicles”.
Why does the Minister persist in a policy to undermine our automotive businesses by forcing them to make a product that people just do not want to buy?
Is it not time to get the state out of the way, let our innovators innovate, and boost automotive businesses’ confidence by letting them deliver to actual consumer demand?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to have forgotten the extra investment that Nissan has announced, and the extra investment that has been announced by a number of other car manufacturers.
He and his colleagues were very clear in opposing the measures that we took in the Budget, including measures that backed investment in the automotive sector, and they set out no plans to pay for that investment.
I gently encourage him to reflect a little further on the mistakes that his party made in government, which have caused some of the problems that we are having to sort out now.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Post Office closures on local communities.
The Post Office has the freedom to operate the branch network within the  parameters set by the Government.
We protect the network by setting minimum access criteria so that, in urban and rural areas, everyone has easy access to their nearest post office.
Those criteria ensure that however the network changes, services remain within local reach of all citizens.
The community of Plymstock in my constituency saw its main post office close in September 2021, when Morrisons closed more than 80 of its newsagents across the country; the post offices were essentially collateral damage.
Despite the best efforts of the community, my predecessor and councillors—including me, at the time—since the Post Office has downgraded the franchise on offer from main branch to post office local, it has been impossible to secure an operator due to the financial unviability of the model.
Yesterday, the final local branch announced that it will close later in the year.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that sustainable joint post office and banking services replace closing branches in constituencies like mine?
We have supported the Post Office in taking measures to increase sub-postmaster pay, to make it a more attractive profession to come into, in order to deal with precisely the issues that the hon.
Member set out.
She will understand that I do not have specific knowledge of the issues around the post office in her constituency, but I am always happy to challenge the Post Office on constituency issues, so if she would like to write or speak to me about this afterwards, I would be happy to look at the issue in more detail.
What steps he is taking to negotiate a free trade agreement with India.
As the Chancellor announced yesterday, the Secretary of State will travel to Delhi in February to relaunch trade talks with India.
Work is under way across Government to prepare for those negotiations as we seek a deal that drives economic growth.
An agreement with India, projected to be the fourth-largest global importer by 2035, could provide further opportunities for businesses across the UK and further unlock growth.