The Minister will be aware of the Ockenden report back in 2022, which highlighted the tragic cases of more than 200 mothers and babies who were killed over a period of years at the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust.
Donna Ockenden recently returned to the trust and said that she was surprised and disappointed to hear from those parents and families affected that the trust had not been communicating as well as it should have been and had not been updating the families in a timely manner.
Does the Minister agree not only that communication is key, but also that reviews, such as those undertaken by Donna Ockenden, should have the remit to go back to check and monitor the progress of maternity services that are either improving or not?
I completely agree with the right hon.
Member.
Donna Ockenden’s work is hugely valuable, and a lot of faith and trust has been placed in it, particularly by families.
I do not know specific dates, but the Secretary of State and my noble Friend Baroness Merron, who leads on this work, have been discussing the matter with Donna Ockenden.
I am happy to get back to the right hon.
Member with the details.
On the specific point about the remit, I do not know the answer to that question.
It is entirely sensible to look at progress and learn from mistakes.
I know it is a  challenge system, and we have to learn from those areas.
If there are specific things to report back to the right hon.
Member, I will get back to him, but this issue is absolutely a priority.
The Secretary of State is meeting families directly.
We know and understand that we have to do much better on this for everybody.
Having listened to the shadow Minister, I am slightly tempted to suggest to the Minister that our women’s health strategy include provision for the treatment of collective memory loss.
The shadow Minister completely ignored the fact that the Tories let our NHS fall into disrepute over the past 14 years.
I want to ask specifically about how our health strategy will deal with treatment and support for young people, particularly young women, suffering from depression and anxiety.
That follows a tragic case in my constituency and a coroner’s report last week, which found that our local hospital was not able to support that patient.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight some tragic incidents, and I know she will be working hard on behalf of her constituents.
We are absolutely committed to the women’s health strategy.
Clearly, that will be taken forward as part of the 10-year plan, and it is an important part of that.
I met my noble Friend Baroness Merron yesterday and the team supporting that plan to make sure that we understand how those key issues are taken forward.
This is an opportunity, if I may, Madam Deputy Speaker, to say that the consultation on that plan is still open for ideas.
We are keen to hear in particular from young people to make sure that we get a true representation.
These sorts of things are not often consulted on, so we encourage young people and people who are suffering from depression and mental health issues to contribute their thoughts about the system they face as part of our 10-year plan consultation.
I am sure we all welcome the move to reduce waiting lists and recognise that the women’s health strategy is a 10-year plan.
But given the enormous problems highlighted by  the hon.
Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers) , does the Minister appreciate that, to many women who are having trouble accessing often fragmented gynaecological services, it will seem like a vital facility is about to be lost and that the Government’s promises of “never again” will sound hollow?
What will the Government do to reassure all the women who are concerned about this move?
I am not entirely clear what the hon.
Member is referring to.
I have been clear that we are committed to the women’s health strategy, and we will take it forward as part of the 10-year plan.
Most of the—[Interruption.]
If it was about the women’s health hubs, they are mainly there
but in different forms and with different levels of services.
We want to ensure that the systems reflect their local population needs.
That is an entirely proper way to go about things.
As I said, unusually, we think that many of the hubs, which were rolled out as pilots under the previous Administration, are doing a good job in most areas—although not everywhere, so we want to learn from the pilots.
Our commitment is absolutely to women.
That is  why gynaecology waiting lists are particularly targeted: we had 600,000 women on them.
Women should feel really assured about the support that the Government are giving them and their health, to prioritise their health.
We are keen to learn more about women’s health hubs.
They will be different in different places because they have different populations, and that is entirely in keeping with the direction of travel of the Government.
I also thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen)  for her work in raising the serious health inequalities that women across the UK face every single day.
Does the Minister agree that we need more expertise in women’s health issues in primary care settings to ensure early diagnosis and that women get the treatment they need at the earliest point?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point about both the work of the Chair of the Select Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Luton North (Sarah Owen) , and the importance of primary and community care recognising, listening to and supporting women through women’s health, as well as making sure that our knowledge and good practice is spread across the team.
This is an area where different systems have women’s health hubs using different teams and different technology, and they have different links to secondary care colleagues and specialist colleagues.
By listening to each other and working together, they are so good at spreading some of that good practice.