If I remember rightly, the hon.
Member and I were probably the two most enthusiastic Members of this House for a trade deal with India—me slightly more than him, I think.
We are determined to do everything we can to secure a trade deal with India.
He will forgive me, I am sure, if I do not give a running commentary on our priorities for those trade talks with India, but they represent a significant prize for the UK if we can reach an agreement.
The Secretary of State  and the Minister for Trade Policy and Economic Security are determined to work extremely hard and do everything they can to reach an agreement.
Although it is appreciated that a new trade deal with India could support jobs and prosperity in the UK and thus drive growth, will the Minister ensure that the talks include discussion of an agreement to the immediate release of my constituent Jagtar Singh Johal from arbitrary detention in India before any trade deal is concluded?
I recognise that this is a significant issue for my hon.
Friend.
We remain committed to encouraging the Government of India to make faster progress on resolving this case.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister raised this case with Prime Minister Modi on  18 November , and we have made clear the need for faster progress towards a resolution.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage entrepreneurship.
The Government continue to support entrepreneurs through, for example, start-up loans via the British Business Bank.
We will publish our small business strategy later this year, which will signal a clear, overarching ambition to promote entrepreneurship, and will articulate a new vision for business support, built around the new business growth service that I have alluded to.
Economies grow and jobs are created when individuals are able to take risks and invest in their ideas, so what have the Government done specifically since the general election to help more people in my constituency of Broxbourne become entrepreneurs?
One thing we need to continue to do is make it easier for entrepreneurs in the hon.
Member’s constituency and across the UK to access the finance that they need to set up their business.
We have given an extra £250 million to the British Business Bank, which will help to ensure that more people have access to finance across the country, including in his constituency.
We will publish our small business strategy later this year, in which he will see further measures to support entrepreneurs in Broxbourne and across the UK.
What specific support is being provided for women entrepreneurs?
They are the driving force behind small businesses in my Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes constituency, and deserve all the support that they can get.
I strongly support my hon.
Friend’s substantive point.
We are backing the Invest in Women taskforce, which was set up to increase the number of female-powered businesses.
We are looking at how to increase significantly the proportion of investment going to all-female founding teams; it has been stuck at just 2% of equity investment in the last decade.
That is one example of the things we need to change to help women-led businesses realise their full potential.
What steps his Department is taking to support businesses in the north-east.
The Government are investing £1.4 billion, with the North East combined authority, to deliver our shared objectives of economic growth and business support.
That includes the development of the local part of the industrial strategy, guiding investment to deliver sustainable economic growth, and delivering support to grow all businesses.
In 2023-24, there was £420,000-worth of direct support given to the North East Growth Hub, which provides businesses across the area with practical advice and support to grow and thrive.
Yesterday saw full-throated Government support for projects across the UK, but not so much for the north-east.
The region was decimated by 14 years of Tory Government, and that cannot be repeated.
I accept what the Minister says about what has happened, but what will the Government do to ensure that businesses in my Blyth and Ashington constituency can play their part in the cutting-edge technologies of the future and, crucially, see improved investment, which will create much- needed jobs with good wages and terms and conditions?
I am at one with my hon.
Friend in wanting all parts of the country, especially the north-west and the north-east, to have high-paid, well-skilled, good jobs, in tech sectors in particular, but also in other areas where we can see great advantage for the economy.
The local skills improvement plan for the north-east will help, and the excellent facilities at Blyth’s Energy Central Learning Hub are supported by over £6 million of Government funding.
That is already developing sector skills in a real-world port setting.
With the reopening of the Northumberland line, we have reconnected towns in south-east Northumberland with Tyneside, improving links and opportunities across the area.
What steps his Department is taking to support the automotive industry.
As we have already discussed, the automotive sector is absolutely vital to the Government’s plans for green economic growth, and for growing the economy more widely.
That is why, at the Budget, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor committed to ensuring over £2 billion of capital and research and development funding before 2030 for zero emission vehicle manufacturing and its supply chains.
We are also consulting the industry to make sure that the zero emissions transition works for the UK’s car industry, and working with the automotive transformation fund and the Advanced Propulsion Centre to make sure that we carry on innovating and seeing the growth of the automotive sector in the UK.
Around 3,000 of my constituents in North Warwickshire and Bedworth work in the automotive sector.
I have met representatives of many small and  medium-sized businesses that provide engineering and manufacturing services for the sector, as well as Jaguar Land Rover, which has a battery assembly centre in my constituency.
A career in the automotive industry should be an attractive prospect to many young people in my constituency.
What is the Minister doing to support the sector in upskilling its workforce and providing apprenticeship schemes, so that companies are not left relying on immigration to fill skills gaps?
My hon.
Friend makes a really good point.
There is a lot of work under way to look at skills across the board, because thus far no Government have had a proper strategy on the skills that we need, and on how we make sure that we train our own people, so that we do not have to rely on immigration.
There are examples in the automotive sector of absolutely brilliant apprenticeship schemes that other industries can learn from, and we are working with Skills England.
I have regular meetings with colleagues in the Department for Education, the Home Office and the Department for Work and Pensions to make sure that we crack this nut and encourage people to go into good, well-paid jobs.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.