R Young Art Gallery is the last art gallery in Wokingham town centre and a proud feature of our high street.
However, political inactivity on business rates reform means that it is on the precipice of closing.
I was shocked to learn that it is the impending cuts to business rate relief, with no measures in the short term to provide financial support, that have led the owner to fear for the survival of his business.
High streets across the country continue to struggle.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that small, independent businesses such as R Young Art Gallery are supported?
One reason why the Conservatives lost the confidence of the British business community was that despite repeated promises to reform business rates, they took no steps to do so.
We announced plans in the Budget, back in October, to reform business rates and introduce permanently lower rates for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses.
The Conservatives were going to end business rates relief for retail, hospitality and leisure; we have chosen to extend it.
We also announced in the Budget that we were looking at what further steps we could take on business rates reform.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the UK in attracting international investment.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the UK in attracting international investment.
Through increased inward investment, we can innovate, create jobs and deliver on our growth mission to become the fastest-growing nation in the G7.
We have wasted no time: on top of the £63 billion raised at our international investment summit, our new national wealth fund has already leveraged £1.6 billion of private sector investment, and we have outlined ambitious plans for planning reform alongside a modern industrial strategy to secure record levels of investment.
I am honoured to have been appointed as the UK trade envoy to Pakistan.
Given the growing financial pressure on UK universities, with several leading institutions announcing job cuts amid the deepening funding crisis, what steps is the Department taking to foster stronger educational partnerships with Pakistan to help alleviate financial pressures in the sector in the UK, while supporting Pakistan’s educational goals?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his appointment as the trade envoy to Pakistan.
I can think of no one better, and I know he will make a big difference in that role.
The Government took the decision to reappoint Professor Sir Steve Smith as our international education champion to ensure that the UK-Pakistan education partnership’s work continues as part of the international education strategy, which is now jointly led by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, the Department for Education and the Department for Business and Trade.
Led by Sir Steve, the UK has worked closely with the Pakistan Higher Education Commission on revising Pakistan’s new transnational education policy.
That work will continue, and I am sure my hon.
Friend will bring great help to it.
The south-west is home to an incredibly important economy based on defence, food security, space, maritime, and, in Exeter, life sciences and climate tech and research.
We are also home to huge green energy potential, utilising floating offshore wind.
However, we currently need investment in our port facilities so that the new green jobs will be based in the south-west, not in France or elsewhere.
Will the Minister meet me, along with colleagues and the sector, to discuss to the future of green energy generation in the south-west?