Despite the very brief answer given by Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, the hon.
Member for Ellesmere Port and Bromborough (Justin Madders) to the question asked by the hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds), is he aware that there is widespread concern among small and medium-sized tech firms and trade associations about the replacement of the chair of the Competition and Markets Authority by a former Amazon executive?
Will the Government make clear their commitment to the operational independence of the CMA and the Digital Markets Unit, and to obtaining stronger competition in digital markets?
I can give the right hon.
Member that reassurance.
The independence of the CMA is very important.
That will remain in place and a new strategic steer will be issued shortly that will reaffirm that independence.
The pandemic exposed the woeful inadequacy of the previous Government’s statutory sick pay provisions, and I am pleased that this Government have committed to reforming those through the Employment Rights Bill.
Will the Minister look at the specific wording of the Bill to ensure there are no unintended consequences of the provisions on the removal of the lower earnings limit for statutory sick pay?
Will he meet me to ensure that all workers receive proper statutory sick pay and no one is left worse off?
The experience of the pandemic really brought home that millions of people in this country do not qualify for statutory sick pay.
We are determined to deal with that and I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the issue in more detail.
Yesterday, out of the blue, Bank of Scotland announced that it will close five branches in my constituency, leaving hundreds of square miles of the rural south of Scotland without a single bank branch.
While we must work with Link and others to ensure access to cash in those communities, does the Minister share my concern not only that this will leave empty premises prominent on the high street, but that it sends a message that the banks are giving up on rural areas and on those who do not bank online?
I recognise that the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents will be concerned about the Bank of Scotland’s decision.
He may know that more than 9,500 bank branches closed between 2010 and 2023.
That is why the Government are determined to ensure the much more widespread roll-out of banking hubs, with a commitment to roll out 350 banking hubs.
I strongly suggest to the right hon.
Gentleman that he get in contact with Link and Cash Access UK to make the case for a banking hub in his constituency.
If I can help in any way, I will be happy to consider doing so.
This week saw DeepSeek throw the global tech market into utter meltdown, with the Chinese AI app spooking investors, to say the least.
With huge national infra- structure projects required to underpin the UK’s place in the AI revolution, what does this turmoil mean for projects such as the Blackstone AI data centre in Cambois in Bedlingtonshire, in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend and I have previously talked about this great opportunity.
The rapid development and breakthrough of new AI models such as DeepSeek tell us that we need to go further and faster to remove barriers to innovation and make Britain the most competitive market.
We need to be developing the technology ourselves.
That is why we have set out our new AI strategy and why we are scaling up our capacity, creating AI growth zones and putting in place every vehicle we can to support the growth of technology innovation in our country, because we will need it in future.
Our precious high street in Eastbourne is blighted by the dilapidated Debenhams building on Terminus Road, whose owner has left it empty for years, attracting antisocial behaviour and crime.
Will the Minister meet me or support me to meet his colleagues from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and Eastbourne borough council to discuss how we can use the new high street rental auction powers to force the owner to make that unit occupied again, so that we can regenerate our high street in the sunniest town in the UK?
I have already met the hon.
Gentleman to discuss some of the issues facing the high streets in his constituency.
If he thinks I am the most appropriate Minister for that discussion, I am happy to make sure that it happens.
He may actually want to discuss this particular issue with colleagues in MHCLG, whose attention I will draw to the question, because they and their officials are working much more closely on the implementation of the powers he mentions.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on avian influenza.
Before I call the Minister, I give Members a brief reminder that laptop use in the Chamber is not permitted.
Avian influenza is once again posing a threat to both kept and wild birds across the country, and supporting birdkeepers, the public and conservation bodies to manage and prepare for avian influenza continues to be one of our main priorities.
Following the detection of highly pathogenic avian influenza in poultry and other captive birds this winter, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Animal and Plant Health Agency have stood up their well-established outbreak structures to control and eradicate disease, restore normal trade and assist local communities’ recovery.
DEFRA’s disease control measures seek to contain the number of animals that need to be culled, either for disease control purposes or to safeguard animal welfare, and our approach aims to reduce adverse impacts on the rural and wider economy, the public, rural communities and the environment, including the impact on wildlife, while protecting public health and minimising the overall cost of any outbreak.
Our approach to avian influenza considers the latest scientific and ornithological evidence and veterinary advice.
Current policy reflects our experience of responding to past outbreaks of exotic animal disease, and is in line with international standards of best practice for disease control.
All birdkeepers are urged to remain vigilant and take action to protect their birds from avian influenza.
Scrupulous biosecurity by all birdkeepers at all times is essential to protect the health and welfare of flocks.
In response to the heightened risk levels and escalating number of cases, an avian influenza prevention zone, mandating enhanced biosecurity, is in force across England, Wales and Scotland.
In addition, mandatory housing for kept birds is in force across the unitary authority of the East Riding of Yorkshire, the unitary authority of York, the city of Kingston upon Hull and all districts in Lincolnshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, North Yorkshire and Shropshire, to mitigate the risk of further outbreaks of disease occurring.
In areas where an AIPZ is in force, it is a legal requirement for all birdkeepers, whether they have pet birds, commercial flocks or just a few birds in a backyard flock, to follow strict biosecurity measures to limit the spread of, and eradicate, the disease, including—when mandatory housing measures are a requirement of an AIPZ—a requirement to keep their birds housed.
The need for an AIPZ is kept under regular review as part of the Government’s work to monitor and manage the risks of avian influenza.
Together with the devolved Governments, we will closely monitor the need to extend mandatory housing to other areas of the country.
While avian influenza is primarily considered a disease of birds, it can infect humans, although this is a very rare event in the UK and the risk to the general public remains very low.
Nevertheless, protecting public health remains of paramount importance, and DEFRA and the APHA work closely with regional UK Health Security Agency health protection teams to monitor the situation and provide health advice to persons at infected premises and those who have been in close contact with infected wildlife as a precaution.
As a further reassurance, the Food Standards Agency has confirmed that avian influenza poses a very low food safety risk for UK consumers.
Properly cooked poultry and poultry products, including eggs, are safe to eat.
DEFRA and the APHA will continue to work with birdkeepers, who are on the frontline of this terrible disease.
Compensation is paid for any healthy kept birds culled.
As the House will know, compensation was updated to involve earlier assessment of the number of healthy birds and swifter calculation of compensation.
That allows DEFRA to provide earlier certainty about entitlement to compensation, better reflects the impact of outbreaks on premises, and leads to swifter payments to help to stem any cash-flow pressures.
Order.
I am sure that the Minister has concluded his remarks.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
This is a very difficult time for birdkeepers and farmers, particularly those whose birds have died or been culled, and all those who have had to upend their flocks and move them inside, given the impact that doing so can have on both the mental and economic resilience of individuals.
I thank everyone who is involved in tackling avian influenza, and is working tirelessly to prevent the spread of this disease, including in my constituency.