When we came into office we inherited record waiting lists.
The gynaecology waiting list stood at just under 600,000 women.
Let that sink in—600,000 women in pain, waiting to be cared for.
Almost half the women on gynaecology waiting lists are waiting more than 18 weeks.
That is why the Prime Minister kicked off 2025 with our elective reform plan, setting out how we will cut the longest waiting lists from 18 months to 18 weeks.
Our new agreement with the independent sector will mean that, where there is spare capacity in the private sector, women will be treated faster for gynaecology care, paid for by the state.
The Government are also committed to rooting out the appalling inequalities in maternity care.
We are supporting failing trusts to make rapid improvements, training thousands more midwives for the first time, and we will set an explicit target to close the black and Asian maternal mortality gap.
We are piloting a training programme to help avoid brain injury for babies in childbirth and, if successful, we will crack on with rolling it out nationally this year.
In October, we extended the baby loss certificate service to help mums and dads who have suffered the heartbreak of pregnancy loss.
Let me also address the issue of women’s health hubs.
There was a target in last year’s planning guidance to roll out pilot women’s health hubs across the country by last December.
Today, there are at least 80 hubs, and at least nine out of every10 integrated care systems have an open women’s health hub.
Let me correct some fake news.
We are not closing these hubs; we are not cutting them.
The target to roll them out was in last year’s planning guidance.
It was achieved in 93% of integrated care systems, which is why the target is not repeated in this year’s guidance—it has been met in 39 out of 42 areas.
Today, we have slimmed down the number of targets for the NHS so that we can focus on fixing the fundamentals —the system that the previous Government broke.
We are instructing the NHS to prioritise: cutting waiting times for operations, A&E and ambulances; making it easier for people to see a GP or a dentist; and improving the mental health of the nation.
That will mean around 60,000 women with suspected cancer are diagnosed earlier and treated faster; more than 200,000 extra women will be treated within 18 weeks, as we drive down long waits; and fewer women will be forced to wait 12 hours in A&E. That is the difference that a Labour Government are making to women’s health.
For too long, a woman’s experience of the health service has been one of being pushed from pillar to post.
Crucially, women’s voices have been ignored  and responses to their pain, suffering, poor sex lives and traumatic births have been too slow.
Overall, women have a sense of being forgotten.
Some 2.4 million more women were in work under our Conservative Government.
Pain and suffering were affecting too many women and their ability to remain in the labour market, resulting in early retirement or not having their true career potential fulfilled.
We took direct action, crucially, by listening to women’s experiences.
We had almost 100,000 responses to our call for evidence on the gender health gap.
We appointed Dame Lesley Regan as the woman’s health ambassador, and Helen Tomlinson as the cross-government menopause ambassador to find out the experience of women employed in different sectors.
We delivered and funded new women’s health hubs and created joined-up services in the community.
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists estimates that removing the requirement of integrated care boards to have a woman’s health hub will impact 600,000 women on waiting lists in England, creating longer waits, disease progression that could be prevented, and resulting in more women attending A&E, unable to work, care or live a fulfilled life.
Labour’s manifesto said that it will prioritise women’s health.
Women are now reported to be a lobby group, relegated to being unheard once again.
Will the Minister confirm whether it is true that the targets to deal with women’s needs will be dropped?
If so, what is her justification for that?
Will she be delivering on the roundly welcomed women’s health strategy from 2022?
A total of 1,300 families gave evidence to the all-party group on birth trauma.
What are the plans to drive up maternity safety standards across the country?
Will there be a response to that?
Will Dame Lesley Regan be sacked, will she remain the women’s health ambassador, or will she be replaced, as Helen Tomlinson was, by someone who seems more interested in selling books than in delivering on the ground for women?
What steps are being be taken on sex-specific language in health communications and guidance— Order.
The shadow Minister will know that there is a time limit, which she has exceeded.
I have been very generous.
I call the Minister.
I addressed most of those points in my outline statement.
I think the shadow Minister wrote her comments when the Opposition thought that we were cancelling things, only to find out that we are not cancelling things.
I have made clear our commitment to the women’s health strategy and how we seek to instruct the system at a local level to serve the needs of women and particularly prioritise those waiting lists.
As I have outlined, the targets have already been achieved.
Unusually, I will give a bit of credit to the other side, because a lot of this was rolled out and it was good practice, and the system still thinks that it is good practice, so sometimes Opposition Members should take a win.
We are committed to that, it is embedded in the system, and we look forward to outcomes being improved for women.