From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ABDUL NOOR

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Abdul Noor,

winner of a Black Engineer of the Year Award.
The youngest of four siblings and the son of a single mother, Abdul

and his family faced many challenges in his youth.
Abdul was born in

Pakistan after his mother made the difficult decision to leave her home

in search of a better life for her family.
At the age of three, Abdul's

mom relocated her family to Idaho with the help of a refugee

organization.
They eventually made their way to Virginia in search of

opportunities for their family.
Growing up, Abdul was an active learner--he played baseball, swam,

practiced martial arts, and participated in clubs where he learned

about computers and robotics.
Throughout his high school career, Abdul

served as the president of his high school Red Cross chapter, organized

toy drives, and was an active volunteer in the community.
His love for

the medical field stems from his mother's career as a pediatrician,

which she sacrificed to give her children a better life.
Abdul credits

family meal conversations with his mom and sisters for sparking his

interest in the biomedical engineering field and helping steer his

college career.
After graduating from high school, Abdul attended

George Mason University where he focused his undergraduate studies on

biomedical engineering.
He graduated Magna Cum Laude in 2020, was

awarded the Chairman's Award, and was also class speaker.
After graduation, Abdul joined MITRE as an Associate Biomedical

Engineer after having interned with them his junior year of college.
As

a member of the MITRE team, Abdul continued to learn and grow and

excelled on projects due to his ability to adapt and learn quickly.
In

addition to his work at MITRE, Abdul is the CEO of Rune Innovations

Inc., a medical device startup he founded with the goal of designing,

patenting, and marketing surgical airway management devices for use by

medical professionals.
Abdul and the Rune team have since developed a

patent-pending device called the Sliding Jaw Thrust Device (SJTD) which

would allow a medical professional to clear a patient's obstructed

airway by mimicking the jaw thrust maneuver.
Abdul's leadership was

invaluable in navigating the process of creating and applying for a

patent for this technology.
Abdul's commitment to biomedical engineering and professional growth

is admirable.
His strong work ethic has led him to be this year's

recipient of a Black Engineer of the Year Award (BEYA).
Specifically,

Abdul was named the winner of a Modern-Day Technology Leader Award by a

panel of leaders from industry, government, and academia in recognition

for his work in shaping the future of engineering, science, and

technology.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr.

Abdul Noor, recipient of the Modern-Day Technology Leader Award.
I

applaud his strong work ethic and dedication to learning and look

forward to all that he will accomplish in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF RUTH ALVIA MUNCHUS BAKER

HON.
MARC A. VEASEY

Mr. VEASEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

legacy of Ruth Alvia Munchus Baker, a pillar of our Fort Worth

community.
Ruth Alvia Munchus Baker was born June 16, 1931, in Fort Worth and

completed her education at historic I.M. Terrell High School.
In 1948,

she began a devoted marriage and partnership with Herbert Baker and

later became the proud mother of five daughters.
Mrs. Baker began working outside her home as her children entered

school.
She was employed in her family business at Baker Funeral Home

for more than sixty years, serving in many roles, including

receptionist, musician, lady attendant, beautician and cosmetologist,

board member, and co-owner.