In 1948,

she began a devoted marriage and partnership with Herbert Baker and

later became the proud mother of five daughters.
Mrs. Baker began working outside her home as her children entered

school.
She was employed in her family business at Baker Funeral Home

for more than sixty years, serving in many roles, including

receptionist, musician, lady attendant, beautician and cosmetologist,

board member, and co-owner.
Mrs. Baker was revered as a friendly and

knowledgeable employee who knew how to do nearly every task associated

with funeral services.
Blessed with a long life, Mrs. Baker continued

working for her family business well into her ninety-second year.
Mrs. Baker was also a woman of faith.
Ruth began her journey starting

at a young age at Saint John Missionary Baptist Church on Baptist Hill.
She later would become a founding member of the Beth-Eden Baptist

Church in Fort Worth.
Later, she united with Macedonia Missionary

Baptist Church, where she served as a Trustee, Sunday School teacher,

member of the Choir, Brownettes and General Mission.
In 2019, she united with Baker Chapel African Methodist Episcopal

Church under the pastoral leadership of Reverend Walter McDonald.
There, Mrs. Baker was a Class Leader, member of the Church School,

Prayer, and Daily Devotion ministries, while also participating in the

monthly food give-away and in the Lay Organization.
My thoughts and prayers are with all those who knew and loved Mrs.

Baker, particularly her extensive, loving family.
May her memory last

forever.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SACRIFICE OF U.S. CAPITOL POLICE OFFICERS, OFFICER JACOB

CHESTNUT AND DETECTIVE JOHN M. GIBSON

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 2 Capitol Police officers,

Officer Jacob J. Chestnut, Jr., and Detective John M. Gibson, who were

shot and killed by a gunman in the Capitol on July 24, 1998.
In the afternoon of July 24, 1998, a lone gunman forced his way past

a security checkpoint, fatally shooting Officer Chestnut.
The assailant

ran toward an entrance that led to the offices of Tom DeLay of Texas,

the Majority Whip.
Detective Gibson, a member of DeLay's protective

team, told others to hide and find cover.
The gunman shot Gibson, and

although mortally wounded, Gibson returned fire, striking the gunman.
Detective Gibson's selfless acts resulted in lives saved and provided

an opportunity for responding officers to restrain the gunman and end

the horrific events that day.
Officer Jacob Joseph Chestnut, Jr., was a 20-year Air Force veteran,

having served 2 tours in Vietnam, and retired as a Master Sergeant.
He

has the distinction of being the first African American to lie in honor

at the Capitol.
He was 58 years old.
Detective John Michael Gibson had been selected as part of the

dignitary protection team for Congressman Tom DeLay and had served with

the United States Capitol Police for 18 years.
He left behind his wife,

a 17-year-old daughter, and 2 sons, 14 and 15 years old.
He laid in

honor with Officer Chestnut in the Capitol rotunda.
Both men were buried with full honors in Arlington National Cemetery.
These men gave their lives in defense of the democracy that serves all

of us while defending the lives of congressmen and -women,

congressional staffers, and other United States Capitol Police

officers.
In the days that followed, Representative DeLay stated that the death

of these officers symbolized, ``the sacrifices of thousands of police

officers across the Nation who do their duty to serve and protect the

public, sometimes under great abuse, sometimes under great disregard,

and many times people take them for granted.
It all comes together when

an incident like this happens and we realize how much we owe to police

officers all over this country.''