Title: FAIR SHIPPING FOR NON-CONTIGUOUS AREAS ACT OF 2023; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
127

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FAIR SHIPPING FOR NON-CONTIGUOUS AREAS ACT OF 2023

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a bill to end the

exclusionary and discriminatory practices of private shipping services

to Hawaii and the other non-contiguous parts of our country.
My home state of Hawaii is located almost 2,500 miles off the West

Coast.
We depend on shipping more than many other locations in our

country, importing well over 90 percent of our life necessities, yet

people living in Hawaii have encountered 3 unfair shipping practices.
First, when ordering essentials online, we often learn that a

particular online store or item doesn't even ship to Hawaii at all.
The

Federal Trade Commission (FTC) reviewed this issue and confirmed that

``some companies . . .
are unwilling to ship products to Alaska,

Hawaii, Puerto Rico, and the other territories.''
This exclusion

prevents a few million Americans in the non-contiguous states from

obtaining key products that should be available to them.
Second, as many of my constituents know, those who live in Hawaii are

often denied free shipping options from online retailers.
It is so

painful when a website advertises free shipping and you fill up your

shopping cart and input your address only for a red error message to

pop up with the news that Hawaii, Alaska, Guam and elsewhere are not

included in the free shipping deal.
Third, even when companies do ship to Hawaii, the prices bears no

reasonable relationship to the distances involved.
The cost to ship to

and from anywhere in the United States depends on several factors,

including the weight and size of your package and service class.
However, according to the FTC, private shipping companies' delivery

options may cost considerably more for a destination in Alaska, Hawaii,

Puerto Rico and the other U.S. territories than for the contiguous

states.
For example, a 2-pound package sent from Los Angeles to Hawaii

costs $45.33, but the same shipment from Los Angeles to New York is

just $14.28.
This outrageous price is from a private shipping company

that categorizes shipping to Hawaii as an international shipment.
It is

hard to believe that over 60 years after becoming a state and over 120

years after becoming part of America, Hawaii is still treated as a

foreign country.
These price discrepancies also bear no relation to the product and

are included regardless of the distance between the sender and the

recipient.
For example, 1 private shipping company charges

approximately $150 to ship a small package from Seattle to Juneau in 2

days, whereas the same package would cost approximately $65 to ship a

much greater distance from Seattle to Washington, D.C. in 2 days.
We--the non-contiguous areas of our country--are bearing the burden

of these 3 discriminatory shipping practices.
My bill, the Fair

Shipping for Non-Contiguous Areas Act, addresses all 3 problems.
It

would require shippers to support all locations within our country.
It

would also end the exclusionary and discriminatory pricing practices of

private shipping companies to and from my home state of Hawaii and

elsewhere--excluding them from free shipping or charging exorbitated

rates.
In doing so, we will break these shipping companies'

stranglehold on exposed communities and address another contributor to

the sky-high living costs in Hawaii and other noncontiguous locations.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill as a matter of fairness for

the people of Hawaii and all other Americans who do not live in the

continental United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ABDUL NOOR

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Mr. Abdul Noor,

winner of a Black Engineer of the Year Award.