Toledo has long been at the forefront of the election of women to public office, starting with the election of Pauline Steinem to the board of education in 1904, the first woman elected any office in the city.
Many years later, in 1990 Toledo Public Schools would once again prove itself a progressive agent for change with the appointment.
Crystal Ellis, a longtime educator, as the first African-American Superintendent.
In addition to academic excellence, vocational and college preparatory training, Toledo Public Schools' students have won praise on the athletic field as well.
From its beginnings, when Scott High School was declared the national football champs in 1916 and subsequent years, Toledo Public Schools have boasted many powerhouse athletic teams.
At the same time, leading citizens in our community trace part Reflecting the general population growth during the baby boom generation, Toledo Public Schools saw its highest numbers of both schools and students during the 1960s.
Even now, it remains one of the area's largest employers and the fourth largest school district in the State.
Today, Toledo Public Schools is led by Dr. Romulus Durant, himself a product of Toledo Public Schools, who ably leads the school district's navigation in the 21st Century, declaring students, teachers, parents, administrators, and community to be ``TPS Proud.''
Toledo Public Schools is the core of our city.
Graduates of years past, present and future are tied to one another with an invisible thread with memories and experience connecting them.
In the Fall of 1967, the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. visited the student at Scott High School, delivering inspiring oratory.
Since its inception 175 years ago, Toledo Public Schools has delivered on the promise of words Dr. King once spoke when he explained, ``The function critically.
Intelligence plus character--that is the goal of true education.''
As Toledo Public Schools marches TPS Proud into the next years, that goal remains strong.
Onward.