Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Army Corps SD-138 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for Indian Country.
SD-124 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine climate change and the costs to national security.
SD-608 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed budget request for fiscal year 2025 for the National Park Service, including S. 2620, to establish the Chesapeake National Recreation Area as a unit of the National Park System, S. 2742, to establish the Fort Ontario National Monument in the State of New York as a unit of the National Park System, S. 2743, to amend the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act to designate as a component of the National Heritage Area System the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area in the State of New York, S. 2784, to amend the Dayton Aviation Heritage Preservation Act of 1992 to adjust the boundary of the Dayton Aviation Heritage National Historical Park, S. 3195, to designate the General George C. Marshall House, in the Commonwealth of Virginia, as an affiliated area of the National Park System, S. 3241, to establish the Grand Village of the Natchez Indians and Jefferson College as affiliated areas of the Natchez Historical Park, S. 3251, to modify the boundary of the Lincoln Home National Historic Site in the State of Illinois, S. 3474, to redesignate the Hulls Cove Visitor Center at Acadia National Park as the ``George J. Mitchell, Jr., Visitor Center'', S. 3534, to authorize the Pines Foundation to establish the Fire Island AIDS Memorial, S. 3542, to amend the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area Act to modify the boundary of the Atchafalaya National Heritage Area, S. 3543, to establish the Historic Greenwood District-Black Wall Street National Monument in the State of Oklahoma, S. 3568/H.R. 3448, to amend chapter 3081 of title 54, United States Code, to enhance the protection and preservation of America's battlefields, S. 4129, to contribute funds and artifacts to the Theodore Roosevelt Presidential Library in Medora, North Dakota, S. 4209, to provide greater regional access to the Katahdin Woods and Waters National Monument in the State of Maine, S. 4216, to establish the Ocmulgee Mounds National Park and Preserve in the State of Georgia, S. 4218, to designate the visitor center for the First State National Historical Park to be located at the Sheriff's House in New Castle, Delaware, as the ``Thomas R. Carper Visitor Center'', S. 4222, to adjust the boundary of the Mojave National Preserve in the State Mountains National Monument, S. 4227, to amend the California Desert Protection Act of 1994 to expand the boundary of Joshua Tree National Park, S. 4228, to redesignate the Cottonwood Visitor Center at Joshua Tree National Park as the ``
Senator Dianne Feinstein Visitor Center'', S. 4259, to require the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Lahaina National Heritage Area, H.R. 359, to establish Fort San Geronimo del Boqueron in Puerto Rico as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and H.R. 2717, to authorize the National Medal of Honor Museum Foundation to establish a commemorative work on the National Mall to honor the extraordinary acts of valor, selfless service, and sacrifice displayed by Medal of Honor recipients, and H.R. 4984, to amend the District of Columbia Stadium Act of 1957 to provide for the transfer of administrative jurisdiction over the Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium Campus to the Administrator of General Services and the leasing of the Campus to the District of Columbia for purposes which include commercial and residential development.
SD-366 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the future of arms control and deterrence.
SD-419 Committee on Rules and Administration Business meeting to consider S. 2770, to prohibit the distribution of materially deceptive AI-generated audio or visual media relating to candidates for Federal office, S. 3875, to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to provide further transparency for the use artificial intelligence in political advertisements by requiring such advertisements to include a statement within the contents of the advertisements if generative AI was used to generate any image, audio, or video footage in the advertisements, and S. 3897, to require the Election Assistance Commission to develop voluntary guidelines for the administration of elections that address the use and risks of artificial intelligence technologies.
SR-301 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 4066, to improve Federal technology procurement, S. 3015, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address telework for Federal employees, S. 4043, to amend title 5, United States Code, to make executive agency telework policies transparent, to track executive agency use of telework, S. 3810, to prohibit conflict of interests among consulting firms that simultaneously contract with the Government of the People's Republic of China and the United States Government, S. 2492, to amend title II of the Social Security Act to improve coordination between the Do Not Pay working system and Federal and State agencies authorized to use the system, S. 4181, to require the development of a workforce plan for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, S. 4035, to require the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to take certain actions with respect to the health insurance program carried out under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, H.R. 6249, to provide for a review and report on the assistance and resources that the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency provides to individuals with disabilities and the families of such individuals that are impacted by major disasters, H.R. 5528, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget conduct a review to determine the impact of the lowest price technically acceptable source selection process on national security, an original bill entitled, ``DHS Better Ballistic Body Armor Act'', and an original bill entitled, ``Cross Border Aerial Law Enforcement Operations Act''.
SD-342 2 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine strengthening American competitiveness, focusing on the roles of the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation, ExportImport Bank, and Millennium Challenge Corporation.
SD-138 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department SD-192 Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Legislative Branch To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol.
SD-124 2:45 p.m.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight To hold hearings to examine the findings and recommendations of GAO's 2024 Report on Opportunities to Reduce Fragmentation, Overlap, and Duplication and Achieve Financial Benefits.
SD-342 3:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine frontier health care, focusing on ensuring veterans' access no matter where they live.
SR-418 4 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine Army modernization in review 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program.
SR-232A