Mr. SCHIFF.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my congratulations to Dr. Matthew B. Rettig, Medical Director of the Prostate Cancer Program at the David Geffen School of Medicine at the University of California, Los Angeles and Chief of Hematology-Oncology at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Greater Los Angeles, on receiving the Department of Veterans Affairs' Office of Clinical Science Research and Development John B. Barnwell Award in recognition of his significant contributions to the field of prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment.
Dr. Rettig began his Veterans Affairs (VA) career as a staff physician in the Division of Hematology-Oncology at the VA Greater Los Angeles Health Care System in 1996.
He became a leader within the department, and his unwavering commitment to improving health outcomes for veterans diagnosed with prostate cancer led to the development of the VA Precision Oncology Program Cancer of the Prostate (POPCaP) network.
Dr. Rettig is credited for fostering the partnership between the VA and Prostate Cancer Foundation (PCF), which has resulted in the PCF committing $50M to support this program and expanding services to over 20 centers across the nation to meet the critical care needs of American veterans with prostate cancer.
Along with his leadership of the Prostate Cancer Program, Dr. Rettig is also a Professor of Medicine and Urology at UCLA where he is training the next generation of clinicians and researchers.
Dr. Rettig has dedicated himself to the future of the field, having generously mentored and trained over 31 residents, fellows, post-doctoral scholars, and junior faculty in veteran-centered clinical research, a majority of whom continue to serve the VA to meet the healthcare needs research in various disciplines.
The impact of his work is far-reaching and truly immeasurable.
Dr. Rettig is ranked among the top ten clinical investigators nationally both within and outside of the VA and is a major asset for the VA and the veterans they serve.
His expertise and achievements in genitourinary oncology and research are evidenced by invitations to serve on local and national committees and boards including the VA National GU Cancer Working Group Steering Committee, Brentwood Biomedical Research Institute, Greater LA Research & Education Foundation, Department of Defense, and the Prostate Cancer Foundation, among many others.
Additionally, he serves on an editorial capacity for 13 scientific and medical journals.
It is with great honor that I congratulate Dr. Rettig upon receiving the Barnwell Award, the highest honor conferred by the VA Clinical Science Research and Development Service, in recognition of outstanding scientific achievements in clinical research.
I ask that all Members join me in congratulating Dr. Rettig on his award and his service to our Nation's veterans.