We now come to the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am very happy to associate myself and the official Opposition with the right hon.
Lady’s remarks about Ukraine.
Democracies must stand together.
What are the Government doing to bring down inflation?
I think it is astonishing that—first, may I welcome the hon.
Member to his place?
Many people might not know that he was the Minister with responsibility for growth when, under Liz Truss, inflation was at 11.1% and growth flatlined, so we are doing much better than he did.
Well, I thank the right hon.
Lady for her standard charm.
The truth is that the Government are not doing anything to bring down inflation; this Government are stoking inflation.
First, we had above-inflation pay rises for the unions.
Then, we had a Budget that the Office for Budget Responsibility said would increase inflation—[Interruption.]
Order.
[Interruption.]
I am going to hear the question.
I suggest that we all hear it together—then our constituents can understand the answer as well as the question.
First, we had above-inflation pay rises for the unions.
Then we had a Budget that the OBR said was going to push up inflation.
This morning, we had City economists—real economists—saying that next year inflation will hit 3%.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that this Government’s decisions mean higher inflation for working people?
I ask the hon.
Gentleman: 11.1% or 3%?
We have already talked about Ukraine.
It was Ukraine and covid that drove up inflation, but this Government are doing it to the British people.
High tax, high inflation, low growth, low reform—there is a word for that: it is Starmerism.
Yesterday, like many Opposition Members, I spoke to farmers from across the United Kingdom.
Some of them were families who have farmed their land for centuries—elderly men in tears, children worried about their parents and all of them worried that their way of life is about to be destroyed.
What would the right hon.
Lady like to say to them?
First of all, we are absolutely committed to our British farmers, and—[Interruption.]
That is why we have committed £5 billion to the farming budget over the next two years.
That is the largest ever amount for sustainable food production in the UK, and it is alongside £60 million to support those affected by extreme wet weather and over £200 million to tackle disease outbreaks.
The hon.
Gentleman’s party could not even get the money out the door for farmers, failing to spend over £300 million on farming budgets.
The farmers know that they were in it for themselves, and that is why we are in government and they are not.
Perhaps the right hon.
Lady thinks that everyone came to London yesterday to thank the Government.
Let us look at the facts.
A typical mid-size, 360-acre family farm in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  have spoken to their accountant.
Their new liability because of this Government is half a million pounds.
That is 12 years’ worth of profit.
When this generation passes away, that farm will become totally unviable, and it is just one of thousands and thousands of similar farms.
It is clear the Government have not got their facts right.
The Central Association for Agricultural Valuers—the real experts in this field—say so.
The National Farmers Union says so; it is shortly to publish a report showing that 75% of all commercial farms will fall above the threshold.
If the Government are not going to reverse this terrible policy, will the right hon.
Lady at least commit to no further increases to inheritance tax and no further reductions in agricultural property relief or business property relief in this Parliament?
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the facts, and I absolutely stand by the figures that the Government have set out.
The vast majority of estate owners will be totally unaffected.
The hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about the figures.
I will be crystal clear: the vast majority of estate owners will see no change and pay no tax on land passed on that is valued at £1 million.
Couples can pass on £3 million tax-free, and those above the threshold will pay only half the normal rate and can pay it over 10 years interest-free.
This is just another part of the Budget that is unravelling.
Everyone here and all the farmers at home will have heard that there was no guarantee there.
We know what that means: they are coming back for more.
Even if the right hon.
Lady had made a promise today, it would not have been worth a fig.
We know that the Environment Secretary, before the election, promised the farmers that this would not happen.
Labour promises get broken.
Let us put all this into context.
The Treasury says that the family farms tax will raise on average £441 million a year.
The Treasury also says that the public sector pay rises the Government announced in July will cost £9.4 billion a year.
That is over 21 times as much.
Why do the Government think that above-inflation pay rises for the trade unions are worth so— Order.
I do not need any more from the second Government Bench.
Please, less of it—we have had a bit of a run-in recently, and I do not need to have any more.
I think it is an audacity for the hon.
Gentleman to stand at the Dispatch Box and suggest in some way that Labour broke promises or raised taxes.
I will school the hon.
Gentleman: it was his Government who raised taxes to their highest level for a generation.
[Interruption.]
Sorry?
We will have less of that as well, unless you want to go and have a cup of tea.
Will we hear any more?
Is that it, now?
Yes or no?
Are you talking to me, Mr Speaker?
Absolutely.
You are the one who was mouthing.
I have not opened my mouth yet.
Well, I am sorry, but you must be able to do it like a ventriloquist’s dummy.
It was the hon.
Gentleman’s Government who crashed the economy—who saw inflation rise to 11.1% and growth flatline.
It was his Government who spent the reserves three times over.
I will take no lessons from the hon.
Gentleman.
I understand why the right hon.
Lady does not want to answer questions about the terrible choices the Government have made.
It is because the truth is ugly.
The truth is that this is a punishment meted out to people who do not vote Labour.
It is the same punishment meted out to parents who send their children to private schools.
It is the same punishment meted out to the owners of small businesses who are terrified about national insurance contributions, and it is the same punishment meted out to pensioners who cannot afford to pay for their fuel this winter.
Is it not the truth that if you do not vote Labour, they do not care about you?
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] There will be more, and it will not be what you want more of.
After that display, it is clear that the hon.
Gentleman did not recognise the result of the general election and has learned nothing.
While this Government have been fixing the mess that the Conservatives left, they have been desperately trying to rewrite history.
They come here every week, jumping on a new bandwagon and taking a new pot-shot, but with absolutely no word on what they will do differently.
Last week, the Leader of the Opposition admitted that she supported Labour’s plans to invest in the NHS, schools and homes.
The Conservatives want all the benefits of the Budget, but have no idea how they will pay for them.
The faces may change, but it is the same old Tory party: straight back to putting everything on the credit card, spending the reserves three times over.
We took the difficult decisions to fix the £22 billion black hole that they left behind, and while they are reinventing the past, we are investing in the future.
In a new report, Human Rights Watch has set out irrefutably how Israeli authorities are committing the war crime of forcible transfer in Gaza, which amounts to crimes against humanity.
Israel’s evacuation system fails to ensure civilian safety.
Civilians are not provided with access to health, nutrition and shelter, that is compounded by the banning of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, and much of Gaza is now uninhabitable.
Will the Government acknowledge that Israel has carried out mass forced displacement in Gaza, and will they take concrete measures on arms, trade and Israeli officials in order to comply with their duty to prevent genocide and protect Palestinian lives?
The situation in the middle east is catastrophic, and I know the whole House is horrified at the terrible loss of civilian life.
We are calling at every opportunity for an immediate ceasefire, with the release of the hostages and more aid into  Gaza, but we urge Israel to ensure that UNRWA can continue its lifesaving work, something the Foreign Secretary has discussed directly with the Israeli Foreign Minister.
We have imposed sanctions in response to appalling incidents of settler violence and have suspended export licences for arms, following a review that found a clear risk that they may be used to commit or facilitate violations of international law.
We will continue to seek a two-state solution, with a secure Israel alongside a viable and sovereign Palestine.