The Budget gave a pay rise to working people in this country and set the conditions for a stable economy, fixing the black hole left in our economy by the mismanagement of the last Government.
Last week I was at London City airport’s STEM event, which brought together 500 students from secondary schools across east London.
Does the Secretary of State agree that if we are to see thriving STEM industries, we need more engagement events like that?
Outside the classroom, the CyberFirst programme has engaged 250,000 young people across the UK.
Those are the first steps; this Government will be going further.
Recently, I hosted a briefing event for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, where strong evidence was presented that almost all drug research and research into other products could be done without abusing animals.
Will the Secretary of State take the opportunity to ensure that we no longer experiment on animals and that we use other methods to get products into service?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s question, because the first job I ever had was at the Body Shop working for Anita Roddick, and I joined her campaign against animal testing for cosmetics.
She would be proud to see me at the Dispatch Box engaging in this conversation.
Labour made a manifesto commitment to phase out animal testing in the long term.
That is something we are committed to and something we are taking steps towards.
The peddling of fake news and disinformation on social media platforms is fuelling extremism.
It also impacts heavily on our democratic processes in the UK.
What safeguards are the Government putting in place to combat this really serious issue?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising one of the most serious issues of our time.
The Online Safety Act 2023 requires providers, as part of their risk assessment, to consider specifically how algorithms will impact a user’s exposure to illegal content and children’s exposure to harmful content.
I have introduced new measures to ensure that children are kept safe, and today I issued a statement of strategic priority to Ofcom to insist that it continues to do so in future.
Last year, nearly 50 British universities were identified as having research ties with what are deemed very high-risk Chinese institutions.
Subsequently, the intelligence services briefed 24 universities on resisting the infiltration attempts of foreign agencies, but the  Intelligence and Security Committee report states that it is “highly likely” that joint UK-China research projects are used for military purposes.
What is the Department doing to protect our research and our security?
The Government are working closely with individual universities, the university sector and our intelligence community to ensure that our research is not only world class but safe and secure.