Can I take this opportunity to welcome the new Chair of the Home Affairs Committee?
Chairing it is one of the very best jobs in Parliament.
On neighbourhood policing, I recognise that there is good practice around the country, with certain police forces doing it very well indeed, but she is absolutely right to say that we want to equip our neighbourhood police officers with the best training, to enable them to do a really good job for their communities.
That is why we have already announced money for the College of Policing to engage with neighbourhood police officers and give them the training that they deserve, particularly in problem solving, because that is a really important part of the role that they will play in neighbourhoods.
To deliver effective policing, we need reform, but police officers also need to feel that they have our support.
Does the Minister agree that agreeing the recommendations of the pay review body is a key part of delivering that support?
What view does she have about those, including Conservative Members, who would prefer not to agree those recommendations, and on the impact that would have on police morale?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We need to support our police officers in the work that they do to keep us all safe, day in, day out.
He will know that this year we accepted the recommendations of the pay review body, and that additional funding was provided to police forces to pay for an increase in salaries.
It is important that we continue to ensure that our police are properly remunerated for the difficult job that they do.
The Home Secretary has made that clear in her support for police officers.
Farmers in my constituency tell me that they are often the victims of serious rural crime, including threats of physical violence, but do not usually bother to report it because they do not think our rural police forces are well enough resourced to give a full response.
If that is happening across the country, presumably it means that  rural crime is seriously under-reported.
What more does the Minister plan to do to resource our rural crime teams, and to give farmers and others living in rural areas reassurance that they can and should report crime?
The hon.
Lady is exactly right.
We need to make sure that when crime happens, it is reported.
That is absolutely vital.
As I said in my opening remarks, for too long people have felt that it is not worth reporting a crime because no one will come and nothing will be done.
Our neighbourhood policing guarantee is not just about urban areas; it also covers rural areas, and we want rural communities to have the support that they need from police, PCSOs and specials.
I am also responsible for rural crime, and I know that there is a range of issues that we need to look at again, including the theft of agricultural machinery; that is an area that I am particularly focused on.
Just last night, Guisborough Town FC in my constituency suffered a break-in and burglary.
I am grateful to Cleveland police for responding, and for meeting me this morning to update me on the situation, but there simply are not enough of them on the streets.
Can the Minister give me an assurance that this Government will prioritise frontline, visible, neighbourhood community policing once again?
Yes, I can.
I pay tribute to Cleveland police, which has made great progress in recent times.
Will the Minister include references to fraud in her White Paper?
Action Fraud, which would be more accurately described as “Inaction Fraud,” is presiding over a complete failure to do anything, particularly about fraud against online retailers.
Can we ensure that action is taken to help victims of fraud?
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that my noble Friend Lord Hanson, the Lords Minister, is looking at this.
I gently point out that, in relation to fraud, we are having to deal with our inheritance from the previous Administration.
We will now look at some of the problems with Action Fraud that they did not deal with.
The latest crime figures show that shoplifting has shot up to a 20-year high, knife crime has risen yet again and violence against women and girls remains shamefully and persistently high.
Does the Minister agree that this shows the last Tory Government’s disgraceful dereliction on law and order?
My hon.
Friend puts it well.
This is why our safer streets mission has the ambitious aim to halve violence against women and girls over the next decade, to halve knife crime over the next decade, to restore neighbourhood policing and to restore confidence in the criminal justice system.
The Liberal Democrats have long campaigned for proper neighbourhood policing, so we welcome this announcement.
Sadly, I have heard at first hand the concern and fear of one community in Dartmouth, following a police decision  to redeploy a local sergeant who had spent a couple of years building positive relationships and trust with the local community, particularly on antisocial behaviour and drug dealing.
Can the Minister clarify how the neighbourhood policing guarantee will be implemented and how the Home Office plans to ensure that communities have consistent and long-term access to a known, named officer who will remain in the community?
I gently point out that the Liberal Democrats were part of the coalition Government, and that through those years of austerity, we saw major cuts to police officers, including neighbourhood police officers.
However, I take her point.
That is why we have the neighbourhood policing guarantee, and it is why we will have 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and specials.
People will be able to go to a named police officer if they have problems in their area, as she requests.
As I said earlier, we want to make sure that neighbourhood police officers are properly trained and that this is seen as a very important part of policing, so that officers want to stay in neighbourhood policing for longer.
My constituents in Nantwich often report experiencing unacceptable antisocial behaviour at night, particularly linked to the night-time economy, so I welcome the Government’s plan to introduce zero-tolerance zones and respect orders to get a grip of the antisocial behaviour that the last Government allowed to run out of control.
Will the Minister say a little more about how this will help my constituents?
All Members will know that antisocial behaviour can blight communities and can cause real problems to individuals and families.
This week is Antisocial Behaviour Awareness Week, and I was struck by Resolve’s statistic that one in seven householders is thinking about moving because of antisocial behaviour.
That is really shocking, and our respect orders and neighbourhood policing reforms will start to address the antisocial behaviour that has blighted many of our communities for too long.