It is clear that social care providers will be worse off, so I urge the Deputy Prime Minister and the Chancellor to look again at that.
Somebody else who was worried about the Budget is Cathy, a farmer in my constituency, who told me yesterday that she thinks the Government changes simply do not make sense.
They mean that her family may have to pay a bill that will force them to sell land, which makes food production unviable.
At the same time, the Government have not closed the land-buying tax loophole that can be exploited by equity firms and the super-wealthy.
Farmers told me yesterday that they feel as though they were betrayed by the Conservatives, and they now feel—[Interruption.]
Order.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Farmers told me yesterday that they feel as though they have been betrayed by the Conservatives, but they now feel that they have also been lied to by Labour.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister think again on this measure, so that our farmers can feed Britain?
Again, I am sorry to hear that Cathy is distressed by the scaremongering around what the Labour party is doing.
The Budget delivered £5 billion for farming over the next two years—a  record amount.
The last Government failed to spend £300 million on farmers.
Our plan is sensible, fair and proportionate, and protects the smaller estates while fixing public services that they rely on.
There are only seven places in England, according to the House Library, where school funding per pupil is lower than in Aldershot and Farnborough.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that something has gone badly wrong when teachers are forced to pay out of their own pocket for basic school supplies, while many others have left the profession in droves over the past 14 years?
Will Ministers work with me to tackle the root of this problem so that we can give every young person, in my constituency and beyond, the very best start in life?
Every child deserves the opportunity to succeed in school and beyond, and I am sorry to hear of the experience in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Last week, I visited Ravensfield primary school in my constituency, and its school council had a lot to say about the resources to our schools.
We have increased the core schools budget by £2.3 billion next year, increasing per-pupil funding in real terms.
As her constituency is the home of the British Army, I know she will also welcome the expansion of childcare support to service families deployed overseas, saving families around £3,400 a year.
I am happy to ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
A few weeks ago, from that Dispatch Box, the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs said he had been congratulated by a farmer on the introduction of the inheritance tax.
I think that farmer must have been a cannabis farmer, because yesterday we had 10,000 farmers on Whitehall protesting against this madcap decision.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that the decision should be thrown in the trash can, along with Rachel from accounts’ CV?
The hon.
Member talks about CVs, and it is good to see him doing well on his Bench: once a Labour councillor, then a Tory MP, now a Reform Chief Whip.
Every time he switches party, he gets a promotion.
I have already outlined what we have done to support our farmers.
We will continue to support the farmers and we will continue to invest in our public services to get Britain back on track.
My right hon.
Friend has come under intense scrutiny from the press at different times, and she must have found it difficult.
A press that is free to scrutinise politicians is vital in a free society and a democracy.
Is she as concerned as I am by the Stasi-like interview that was given to Allison Pearson of  a week last Sunday?
Does she agree that the Essex police force and other police forces would be better trying to deal with shoplifting, burglaries and other crimes, rather than intimidating journalists?
Free speech and our press are incredibly important—they are part of our democracy—but in direct response to my hon.
Friend’s question, the police are independent and it is a live  investigation, so it would not be appropriate for me to comment on that.
I believe that we should have a free press.
It is part of our democracy, and we should have free speech, but with that comes responsibility for those who do it.
Yesterday, I met three constituents in Parliament:
Duncan Hawley, his wife Nicola and his 10-year-old daughter Hattie.
Duncan is a sheep farmer, and he has stewarded his family farm for most of his life.
He is outraged, hurt and worried about the Government’s deeply damaging family farm tax.
He is deeply worried about food security, food inflation and whether he will even be able to pass that farm on to future generations.
My question to the Deputy Prime Minister is simple: why have this Labour Government declared war on British farmers?
I say to the hon.
Gentleman and to Duncan and Nicola that this Government have not declared war on farmers.
The vast majority of farms will not pay any inheritance tax.
We have protected them.
We have been as generous as we can.
The farmers rely on our public services, like everybody else.
We inherited a £22 billion black hole from the Conservatives, who spent reserves three times over.
We are investing in our schools, our hospitals, our public services and housing.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not agree with that, then, like the Leader of the Opposition, he should say what he would do differently .
The  previous Government failed countless women through chronic underfunding of maternity services.
At Stroud maternity hospital, post-natal beds have remained closed for more than two years.
Local, midwife-led units, such as Stroud, deliver fantastic quality of care for women, while having low intervention rates during birth.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister outline what steps this Government will take to improve maternity services?
I am sorry to hear about the situation in Stroud, and I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue for women in his constituency.
The Darzi report clearly set out that under the previous Government, the NHS was broken, with patients waiting too long for care.
We are committed to ensuring that all women and babies receive safe, compassionate and personalised care through pregnancy, birth and, critically, the following months.
We will ensure that maternity services deliver the best outcomes for patients as we invest to build an NHS fit for the future.
I know how much professional care work means to the Deputy Prime Minister.
Cariad Care Homes in Porthmadog tells me that it will not be able to absorb the additional exorbitant costs imposed by her Government’s Budget.
It tells me that they pose a threat worse than covid to the business.
Will she therefore personally intervene, so that her Government at least make care providers exempt from the rise in employers’ national insurance contributions?
The right hon.
Lady is right to say that I value the work of care providers and carers across the whole of the United Kingdom.
That is why we have put in additional funding through the  Budget.
We have been ensuring that for care providers and charities, including hospices, the tax regime is among the most generous in the world.
That includes tax relief for charities and their donors worth more than £6 billion for the tax year ending April 2024.
We have put record funding into our NHS, we have increased funding into adult and children’s social care and we will continue to support our public services, which were left on their knees by the last Government.
Two weeks ago, the Chancellor announced a historic £22.6 billion investment into the NHS, because it is our duty to rescue this country’s health service after 14 years of mismanagement, under-investment and, unfortunately, misleading announcements from the Conservative party.
In Plymouth, Derriford hospital, which I represent, serves not just my constituency but 19 constituencies across the south-west—it is the only major trauma centre for adults in the south-west—but we have suffered from the decisions made by the Conservatives.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister outline how that historic investment will make its way to Plymouth?