Let me welcome the Policing Minister to her role; she is succeeding me in the job that I did in the last Government.
I genuinely wish her well in the job, and I hope that she succeeds in it, because it is important for the whole country.
I am sure that the whole House will want to join me in thanking the police up and down the country for the work that they do to keep us safe.
When they put on their uniform to go to work each morning, they take risks that are required of those in few other professions.
In March this year, the police headcount hit 149,769—a record number of police, and 3,000 higher than the previous record.
My first question is: will the Policing Minister commit to at least maintaining, if not growing, that record number of police officers?
Secondly, will the Minister join me in welcoming the fact that in the past seven years, overall crime, as measured by the crime survey for England and Wales—the Office for National Statistics says that is the best measure of crime trends—has come down by 17%?
The written statement yesterday, and the Home Secretary’s speech to the National Police Chiefs’ Council yesterday, mentioned the importance of technology, which I feel very strongly about, as the Minister knows.
In the March Budget, the previous Chancellor committed to £230 million of spending on police technology over four years, of which this year is the first.
About £80 million was due to be spent this year.
Will the right hon.
Lady confirm that the £80 million for this year is secure, and that she and her colleagues will honour the £230 million commitment over the coming four years?
Does the Minister agree that it is important that police spend their time actually investigating crime, not policing thought?
Does she agree that the guidelines need to be changed, so that police spend time investigating  only real crimes, and investigate non-crimes only when there is a real and imminent risk of criminality?
That would mean a change to the guidelines.
Will she make that change?
On the reform programme, we need to see the details of course, but will the Minister confirm that no money will be taken away from local police forces?
Will she confirm that police and crime commissioners and chief constables will continue to be fully empowered?
Finally, on police funding, she mentioned some numbers for next year’s funding settlement.
She will be aware that when I was Policing Minister, we arranged a £922 million increase in funding for frontline policing for this financial year, compared with last year.
The numbers she talked about in her statement are much lower than that, so will she give a commitment that any funding increase for frontline policing that she brings forward in the police funding settlement will be at least as big as the one that I announced last year?
This is the first opportunity I have had to welcome the right hon.
Gentleman to his new role as shadow Home Secretary, but I think he might be forgetting a few facts.
As I recall, over the previous 14 years, the Conservative Government slashed policing by over 20,000 police officers, and many support staff as well.
I acknowledge that the uplift programme was brought in at the end of their period in government, but they got rid of a lot of very experienced, good police officers.
Also, just to remind him, we stood for election on a manifesto commitment to providing 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and specials as part of our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman is very keen on technology.
That was absolutely one of the things that he focused on.
I have certainly taken up some of the issues that he was concerned about to do with live facial recognition, and I want that investment to continue.
I think he is again forgetting a few things when he refers to the guidelines for non-crime hate incidents.
As I recall, he was the Policing Minister who introduced those guidelines.
I have listened to what he said, but I think he needs to remember what he actually did when he was the Policing Minister.
I take the approach that this should be about common sense and consistency.
His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services talked about the need for consistency and training; I will listen to what it has to say, rather than to the right hon.
Gentleman’s view on guidelines that he introduced.
Many of the questions that he asks will form part of the consultative approach that we will adopt when our White Paper is laid before Parliament.
My constituents tell me that they are particularly worried about antisocial behaviour, and that they want guaranteed police patrols.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is what this Government intend to deliver?
I very much welcome that question from my hon.
Friend and neighbour in Kingston upon Hull.
He is absolutely right to say that the neighbourhood policing guarantee will include designated police officers, PCSOs and specials who will patrol neighbourhoods.
There will be a named officer that people can go to if there are problems around antisocial behaviour.
We will also bring forward respect orders,  which will deal with the people who are engaging most persistently in antisocial behaviour; they can stop them being in particular neighbourhoods or even put conditions on them—for example, if they have an alcohol problem, they may have to get treatment and help for that problem.
But he is absolutely right to say that antisocial behaviour is a big issue for many of our constituents.