The Minister will be aware that there is a strong link between communications technology and the roll-out of smart meter technology in areas in the north of Scotland that are suffering from cold weather.
Particularly at the moment, connectivity is really important for such alternative technologies to work.
What discussions has he had with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero on that issue?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: there is a series of issues about the security and safety of connectivity in areas that suffer from particular weather conditions.
We had a successful summit on Monday morning to discuss the closing down of the public services network to ensure that everybody will be secure, but I assure him that we will work closely with the Scottish Government to ensure that the roll-out in all such areas works in the interests of businesses, whatever the weather conditions.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
To protect people online, today I became the first Secretary of State to exercise the power to set out my strategic online safety proposals for Ofcom to consider.
From increasing transparency to baking safety into social media platforms from the outset, those priorities will support Government in monitoring progress on acting where our laws are coming up short.
I have also launched a new research project to explore the impact of social media on young people’s wellbeing and mental health.
Each year millions of patients in England interact with two or more different hospital trusts.
Most of the trusts that commonly see the same patients do not use the same record systems.
What steps is the Minister taking with Cabinet colleagues to utilise the Centre for Improving Data Collaboration and other available technology to improve data sharing across NHS hospital trusts?
What a pleasure it is to speak from the Dispatch Box to another Labour MP from Sussex.
That issue is a Department of Health and Social Care responsibility but, on its behalf, the Data (Use and Access)
Bill will include a requirement that IT providers in the NHS have to meet information standards.
That will deliver the interoperability needed so that data can be shared across the NHS, often for the very first time.