The  Spelthorne Litter Pickers is an outstanding organisation of 1,000 volunteers who do great work up and down my constituency, come rain or shine.
Last week, they were awarded the King’s Award for Voluntary Service.
[ “Hear, hear!”
] Would the Deputy Prime Minister, the Government and indeed the whole House like to join me in congratulating the Spelthorne Litter Pickers and thank them for all they do?
Mr Speaker, what can I say?
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman—may I say my hon.
Friend?—about the Spelthorne Litter Pickers.
Those who come together to volunteer and help, in particular young people who do a lot of this, play an important role in all our constituencies.
I think across the whole House we congratulate the Spelthorne Litter Pickers on their award, and all those who do voluntary work to support our communities.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests as a very proud trade union member.
In 2019, the Conservative party promised to deliver an employment Bill that would protect and enhance workers’ rights in the UK.
Like so many of its promises it never delivered, but my right hon.
Friend has done it, cleaning up the mess that the party opposite left behind.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree with me that her Employment Rights Bill is the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation?
I too declare an interest: my hon.
Friend and I used to be convenors for Unison North West, and I champion the work that she has done on behalf of her constituents and for working people.
The Government are delivering on their plan to make work pay, and to ensure that employment rights are fit for a modern economy.
The Employment Rights Bill will benefit people in some of the most deprived areas in the country, and will save them up to £600 a year in replacing lost income from the hidden costs of insecure work.
I commend the work that many Members—some on the Opposition Benches, but in particular some on ours—have done to bring the Bill to fruition.
The whole House recognises the authenticity of the right hon.
Lady’s back story—her pride in being a carer, and indeed in her recent elevation.
In contrast, the chief constable of Northamptonshire was sacked in June for misrepresenting his CV, and just last month a nurse, Tanya Nasir, was imprisoned for five years for doing the same.
Does the right hon.
Lady agree that such serious consequences are right and just in such cases?
I know where the right hon.
Gentleman is trying to go with this.
While it is tempting—[Interruption.]
What I will say to the right hon.
Gentleman is that in the last four months our Chancellor has shown more competence than the last four Chancellors that were appointed by his Government.
Despite being its capital, my home city of Edinburgh is, per head, the lowest-funded local authority in Scotland owing to the austerity inflicted on us by the Scottish National party in Holyrood, which means that great projects such as The Ripple face closure.
Now that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Scotland has secured the biggest block grant for Scotland in the history of the Scottish Parliament, will the Deputy Prime Minister work with me to ensure that the Scottish Government use it to end austerity for my constituents?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend, who is entirely right to raise the subject of the impact of the SNP’s irresponsible management of Scotland’s finances and the austerity that it is inflicting on his constituents.
Our Budget rejected a return to austerity.
We delivered the largest real-terms funding settlement for Scotland since devolution, and the result of the Budget is clear: the SNP has the powers, it has the money, and it has no more excuses.
Last week I was contacted by a constituent whose husband has stage 4 bowel cancer.
He had a routine scan in June but did not receive the results until early November, and unfortunately during that period he received unsuitable chemotherapy and his cancer has progressed.
Given that Shropshire has the worst record in the country for CT and MRI scan results, may I ask the Deputy Prime Minister the same question that my constituent has asked me?
When will the Government address this problem?
I am sincerely sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent’s husband, the terrible diagnosis at stage 4, and the delays leading up to that.
We have explained before how difficult the inheritance was in respect of the cancer diagnosis waiting lists.
People are waiting far too long for treatment, which is why the Chancellor put a record amount of money into our NHS so that we could catch cancer in time.
I know that the Health Secretary is determined, as a personal endeavour, to ensure that people do not have to wait and do not end up in the circumstances that are so tragic for the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
Order.
Just for the record, I should like to apologise to Mr Kruger.
I got the wrong person.
Mr Wild has now owned up to it.
[Laughter.]
What I would say to Mr Kruger is, “Don’t sit next to him again.”
12.40 pm (Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if she will make a statement on police reform.
I will respond on behalf of the Secretary of State, and I thank the hon.
Lady for securing this important question on what is an important subject.
At its best, policing in England and Wales is truly world class.
Every day, officers perform their duties with courage, skill and dedication, and we are all grateful to all of them.
At the heart of our British policing tradition is the notion of policing by consent, which is dependent on maintaining mutual bonds of trust between officers and the local communities they serve.
But over the last decade or more policing has faced a perfect storm as visible neighbourhood policing has been decimated, as law enforcement has struggled to keep up with fast-changing crimes, as outdated technology has held forces back, and as confidence has fallen in communities and among victims because far too often people feel that if something goes wrong no one will come and nothing will be done.
For too long, instead of Government showing leadership and helping the police to navigate these testing times, predecessors in our Department have just walked away.
This Government will not stand on the sidelines while public confidence and public safety are put at risk, and that is why we are pursuing our unprecedented safer streets mission to reduce the most serious violence and to rebuild confidence in policing and the criminal justice system.
To successfully deliver that mission, we need forces that are fit for the challenge of today and tomorrow.
That is why the Home Secretary yesterday announced a programme of police reform that will be pursued in partnership with policing.
Under our neighbourhood policing guarantee, we will restore patrols to town centres and rebuild the vital link between forces and the people they serve.
To drive up performance and standards, a new performance unit will be established in the Home Office which will use high-quality police data to spot trends and improve performance and consistency.
And we will work with policing to create a national centre of policing to bring together crucial support services such as IT, aviation and forensics.
We will present a White Paper on police reform to Parliament next year.
The 2025-26 police funding settlement for police forces, including full details on Government grant funding and precept, will be set out to Parliament in the normal way before Christmas, but the Home Secretary confirmed in her written statement yesterday that, as part of that settlement, direct central Government funding for policing next year will increase by £0.5 billion.
That is core grant and additional funding for neighbourhood policing, counter-terrorism and the National Crime Agency.
We are at a critical juncture for policing and we cannot go on as we have been.
So together with the police we will embark on this road map for reform, to get back to those precious Peel principles and to rebuild the confidence of our communities in the vital work the police do every day to keep us all safe.
I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
Yesterday the Home Secretary announced significant reforms to policing through a written statement.
A comprehensive restructuring of policing in England and Wales that will affect thousands of personnel, create a new performance unit and establish a national centre for policing surely merits some parliamentary scrutiny and an opportunity for Members of this House to question what it means for their constituents.
For my Hazel Grove constituents, what does it mean for Mellor, the most rural part of my constituency?
There was no specific mention of rural crime in the Home Secretary’s statement, so I ask the Minister what her plans mean for those tackling crime in our rural communities.
What do the plans mean for places like Woodley, a district centre in Hazel Grove, which has seen far too much antisocial behaviour and shoplifting?
And what do the plans mean for places like Offerton, where illegal off-road bikes are causing havoc on our roads?
How will the plans better encourage the police to work with local partners to tackle this problem, which blights so many people’s lives?
Any police reform must address the Conservatives’ cuts to the number of police community support officers, who are so often the face of proper neighbourhood policing.
My police force, Greater Manchester, has seen more than 350 PCSO positions cut since 2015.
More than anything, we need to ensure that the reforms deliver the proper frontline policing that our communities deserve.
Years of ineffective resourcing by the previous Conservative Government have left our police forces overstretched, under-resourced and unable to focus on the crimes that affect our communities the most.
It is no wonder that the vast majority of burglaries still go unsolved, while for seven out of 10 car thefts last year, a police officer did not even attend the scene.
It is genuinely good to hear that more resources will be committed to neighbourhood policing, but as we saw with the Conservatives’ police uplift programme, more resources does not automatically mean that communities will see the difference.
I would welcome assurances from the Minister that the Government will ensure that officers have the time and resources to focus on their communities, and will ensure more bobbies on the beat.
I very much welcome the hon.
Lady’s interest in this area.
The written ministerial statement laid before Parliament yesterday set out the direction of travel for this Government on police reform.
As I said in my response to the urgent question, a White Paper will be published in the spring.
There will be full consultation with, I hope, parliamentary colleagues as well as those involved in policing, police and crime commissioners, and all the key stakeholders.
This is the start of the process, so many of the hon.
Lady’s questions will be part of the consultation and the conversations that we have next year, but I reassure her that the safer streets mission is about the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
It is about delivering 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and specials in our neighbourhoods and reinvigorating the neighbourhood policing model.
The hon.
Lady mentioned antisocial behaviour and shoplifting.
Those are issues that we will deal with, and we will bring forward legislation, particularly around shop theft.
That will include a stand-alone offence of  assaulting a shopworker, and the removal of the £200 threshold that the previous Government introduced, which meant that there was almost a shoplifters’ charter—they could steal up to £200-worth of items and there would be no action.
We are getting rid of that.
We are taking action now, but we will have a conversation about broader police reform next year.
The statement was about setting out the direction of travel.
On Friday, I spent some time on patrol with Telford police, and Sergeant Alex Webb told me about her frustration at not being able to get repeat antisocial behaviour offenders out of our town centres and high streets.
When will the Government give the police the tools that they need to deal with these issues and get the yobs out of our high streets and town centres?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
This is Antisocial Behaviour Awareness Week, which aims to focus on the effect that antisocial behaviour can have on individuals and communities.
He is absolutely right to say that we need to tackle antisocial behaviour.
That is why the neighbourhood policing guarantee, which will get officers back on the streets, and the other measures that we will introduce to keep our town centres and high streets safe, are so important.
We will bring those forward in due course.