We welcome the recent update on the expansion of 4G to rural areas under the shared rural network project, particularly for businesses and farmers who are under such pressure at the moment, with the recent Treasury announcements.
Which Secretary of State should we thank for the planning approval and funding of this vital infrastructure project?
We support developing all the plans set out under the shared rural network and Project Gigabit—those plans were regularly announced by the previous  Government, but they never actually put any money into the budget.
There was never a line in a Department for Science, Innovation and Technology budget that said, “This money is guaranteed for the future.”
We are putting our money where our mouth is and we are determined to ensure everybody has proper connectivity.
Frankly, that is essential for people’s businesses, whether they are farmers or running any other kind of business, up and down the land.
We will deliver that.
What steps he is taking to improve digital connectivity in rural areas.
We are improving digital connectivity in rural areas by rolling out 30 Project Gigabit contracts, filling in gaps that are not being met commercially, predominantly in rural areas, and delivering better 4G mobile coverage and eliminating partial notspots through the shared rural network.
A number of my constituents in the village of Haslington have been in touch with me about poor mobile signal and digital connectivity in the village.
One constituent was unable to contact emergency services in the event of a medical emergency.
Does the Minister agree that the lack of progress on connectivity in our rural areas under 14 years of Conservative Government is unacceptable?
Will he meet me to discuss how we can improve matters for my constituents?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend, not necessarily at the same time as I am meeting  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , but Haslington is a bit like Cuddington: they have exactly the same set of problems.
I am sure many hon.
Members from across the House have similar issues in their constituencies that they have a burning desire to raise with me.
I am happy to make arrangements for hon.
Members to meet officials and go through issues case by case.
In relation to the 999 emergency my hon.
Friend referred to, I would be grateful if he could provide me with specific details.
All 999 calls from mobile phones should automatically roam on to another available network if there is no signal from their own provider, so I want to get to the bottom of the issue in that case.
Can I add to the Minister’s list of beautiful villages to visit the wonderful villages of Cranleigh, Shamley Green, Peaslake, Gomshall and Bramley?
They are all having big problems with 4G and 5G mobile phone reception, not least because apps need to be used to pay for parking there.
Can he meet me to discuss what more can be done to help those beautiful, but also economically important, places?
I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman as well.
I am not the Pope, but it feels like I will be having a series of audiences over the next few weeks.
The right hon.
Gentleman has villages, I have villages.
If only he knew someone who had been the Chancellor in recent years, who would have been able to deliver the financial support that we really needed to secure the investment.
My constituents in the village of Crowthorne will welcome the Government’s action to tackle this massive issue and support connectivity for phones and 4G in rural and semi-rural constituencies.
Will the Minister have a meeting with me to discuss the issues affecting Crowthorne?
I am getting more popular day by day, which is unusual in my life.
I am, of course, very happy to discuss the issues in Crowthorne.
One thing that really concerns me is that quite often, the published version of what connectivity is available in everybody’s constituency will say that there is 92%, 93% or 95% of connectivity from all four operators, but actually, if we stand there with a mobile phone, there will not be any connectivity whatsoever.
I have written to Ofcom and it has written back saying, for instance, that in that precise location the coverage may be above or below the predicted level, leading some consumers to not get the service they expected.
There is a phrase for that.
Save it for another day.
Organisations such as TechResort in my constituency support people who are digitally excluded to become digitally included.
The Minister has a long list of meetings to go to, so instead, can the Secretary of State come along the coast to the sunniest town in the UK to visit TechResort and hear more about the funding it needs to power its work?
I am pleased to say that the Secretary of State says he will indeed visit when he possibly can.
There is a really important point here: poor digital connectivity excludes so many communities up and down this country.
We have no chance of creating the economic growth that we want in this country unless we take the whole of the country with us.
That is why it is so disgraceful that we have not had a proper digital inclusion strategy for 10 years.
That is something we will remedy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of using Project Gigabit funding in urban areas on download speeds in rural areas.
Project Gigabit has always been designed to deliver gigabit-capable broadband to premises that will not be met by the market, regardless of whether they are in urban or rural areas.
Most premises deemed uncommercial by the market are in rural areas, but consistent evidence suggests that we will also need to intervene in some urban areas to achieve full national gigabit coverage.
Funding will continue to be provided where it is needed.
There are 11,500 houses that will be connected to fibre as a result of the Conservative Project Gigabit policy.
There is real concern that some of those will miss out if money is redirected from rural to urban communities.
After the family farm tax, can we please give rural communities a break?
The vast majority—more than 90%—of the spending in Project Gigabit has gone to rural areas because those are the areas most in need.
There is absolutely no change in our policy to that.
However, some urban areas have significant problems as well and we need to rectify those.
The hon.
Gentleman points out some of the issues in his own constituency.
I am happy to provide him too with a meeting, if he wants.
I see he has nodded.
What steps his Department is taking to help increase levels of innovation in the Black Country.
We want to boost investment in innovation and enable people in all regions of the UK to benefit from an innovation-led economy.
That is why the spending review supports the UK’s research and development ambition, with total Government investment in R&D rising to a record £20.4 billion in 2025-26.
That allows us to extend innovation accelerators for another year, which will continue to bolster the west midlands’ high-potential innovation clusters, fund the Midlands Industrial Ceramics Group through the Strength in Places fund, and support the region’s investment zone.
Last month, alongside Richard Parker, the Mayor of the West Midlands, I was lucky enough to join Halesowen college as it opened its new digital and media campus at Trinity Point.
Does the Minister agree that excellent institutions such as this are fundamental to supporting innovation across our region, and would she be so kind as to visit us at some point in the near future?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that educational institutes are crucial to innovation.
Halesowen college is one of five colleges across the region using the further education and innovation fund to support innovation and technical excellence within the local community.
Such facilities and expertise will help businesses to develop a workforce with skills and take advantage of that.
I would be delighted to visit the Trinity Point college if the opportunity arises.