On question number 13, Mr Speaker, may I ask the Minister what steps he will take to ensure that people who are visually impaired are able to engage— Order.
Sorry—we have not reached that question.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Folkestone and Hythe (Tony Vaughan)  rightly raises the need for research into frontier AI safety, and I welcome the Government’s commitment to protecting the public from future AI risks.
But AI affects all of our lives already.
Today, my Committee launches an inquiry into algorithms, AI and their role in spreading online harm, as we saw in the terrible riots over the summer.
As we build our evidence, how is the Minister building the evidence base on AI online harms and their social impact right now?
I am extremely grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee for choosing this as her first inquiry.
It is an incredibly important area.
This Government are committed to the algorithmic transparency recording standard.
The previous Government reneged on their commitment to having individual Departments releasing their standard statement each year.
This Government  are committing to doing so again and will remain committed to reinforcing the fact that algorithms are there to serve people and not the other way round.
There are many firms in Northern Ireland that have the capability and the experience to offer some advice on getting scientific research on AI safety.
I know that the Minister is very interested in Northern Ireland, so has he had an opportunity to speak to companies in Northern Ireland so that we can play our part in how we take this matter forward?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for acknowledging my interest in Northern Ireland, which I have already visited since being appointed in order to meet some of the pioneering tech companies there.
I will stay committed to ensuring that the Government recognise the talent across Northern Ireland, harnessing it for not just the domestic good but the global good.
What comparative assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the roll-out of 5G in (a) the UK and (b) other countries.
Unfortunately, the UK’s roll-out of 5G has been far too slow.
According to Opensignal, the UK ranks 22nd out of 25 European countries for 5G download speeds and availability after 14 years of Conservative rule.
We are determined to change that, aiming to have higher-quality stand-alone 5G in all populated areas by 2030.
Access to 5G data is a real issue in Aldershot.
According to Ofcom, a third of our households cannot connect to 5G—nearly three times the national average.
What are the Government doing to give residents in Aldershot and Farnborough the same data access as the rest of the country, and will the Minister make that work a priority?
My hon.
Friend is right: that work has to be a priority for businesses, families and everybody engaged in her constituency, and for the public sector.
We want the Ministry of Defence in her constituency, for instance, to have the highest-quality data access possible, so that we can deliver more effective and productive government across the whole United Kingdom.
The work will indeed be a priority for us.
There have been great improvements in connectivity across Ceredigion Preseli, but there remain total mobile notspots such as Porthgain, and a growing body of evidence collected locally that the connectivity reported by Ofcom does not quite stack up against the lived experience of those on the ground.
Will the Minister meet me so that I can present some of the evidence collected by local authorities in Ceredigion Preseli and he can address the problem?
The hon.
Gentleman has just said what I said a few minutes ago.
It is great that Plaid Cymru is signing up to the Labour party’s agenda these days, but it is upsetting that he forgot to mention the seven high-quality masts extending better coverage of 4G in  Wales that have been installed in the last couple of months alone.
Of course I will happily meet him, and place in the Library a copy of the letter that I received from Ofcom that makes the precise point that we need to do much better in recognising the real experience of people’s mobile connectivity rather than a theoretical, ethereal version of it.
What progress his Department has made on the roll-out of Project Gigabit.
More than 30 Project Gigabit contracts are currently in place, with a total value of almost £2 billion, and more are in the pipeline.
In the past few months, the first premises have been connected as part of Project Gigabit contracts in areas including Norfolk, West Yorkshire and south Wiltshire, and the build has now started in earnest in other parts of the country.