Mrs. TORRES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to welcome Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew to our Nation's Capital, and to honor him for his contributions to the Greek Orthodox community in the Inland Empire and beyond.
In 1940, All-Holiness Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew was born on an island called Imvros, which is located in modern-day Turkey.
He completed his elementary and secondary education in both Imvros and Istanbul.
For his undergraduate degree, he attended the historic Theological School of Halki, and for his graduate studies, he attended the Pontifical Oriental Institute of the Gregorian University in Rome, the Ecumenical Institute in Bossey, and the University.
He completed his doctoral dissertation on the topic.
In 1961, the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew was ordained to the Diaconate, and in 1969, he was ordained to the Priesthood.
During this time, he served as the Assistant Dean for the Theological School of Halki, then as the Personal Secretary for the late Ecumenical Patriarch Demetrios, before being elected as Metropolitan of Philadelphia and subsequently Metropolitan.
The Ecumenical Patriarch was elected in October 1991 as the 270th Archbishop of the 2000-year-old Orthodox Church.
His office is a historic title dating to the sixth century--Archbishop of Constantinople-New Rome, and Ecumenical Patriarch.
At 85 years old, he is the longest-serving Archbishop of Constantinople and leads more than 300 million congregation members nationwide.
I am proud that one of those congregations, Saint Spyridon Greek Orthodox Church, is part of my congressional district in Upland, California.
The Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew has used his influence to travel to every continent, where he has taken an active role in the World Council of Churches, addressed both the European Parliament and U.S. Congress, met with heads of state, and visited Orthodox churches in various countries.
He has advanced diplomatic relations between Christianity, Islam, and Judaism internationally by co-sponsoring international peace conferences centered on racism and extremism.
He has also supported traditionally Orthodox countries emerging from decades of wide-scale religious persecution, facilitated conversations with Muslim and Jewish leaders to promote mutual respect and religious tolerance, and has traveled to Muslim countries rarely visited by Christian leaders.
The Ecumenical Patriarch is a champion for environmental advocacy, introducing environmental issues in his sermons, which has earned him the nickname the ``Green Patriarch.''
He has used his impact to found several major conventions, including a global bishop assembly that has met regularly since 1992, the inaugural Synaxis (assembly) of Orthodox Primates, the Clergy-Laity Congress, and the World Youth Conference of the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
The Ecumenical Patriarch has received many awards, including the Congressional Gold Medal of the United States Congress in 1997, and has numerous honorary doctorates from institutions worldwide, including Georgetown University, Yale University, and several other international institutions.
I warmly welcome Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew as he visits Washington, D.C., following his acceptance of the Templeton Prize-- honoring those who have made significant contributions in the fields of Religion and Science.
His service to our community and beyond is worthy