Today is the Scottish Budget, which contains provisions to reinstate the winter fuel payment for all Scottish pensioners—something that the Prime Minister famously took away from nearly all UK pensioners, supported by Scottish Labour Members of Parliament.
But apparently Scottish Labour is now in favour of the winter fuel payment, so what is his advice  to Labour MSPs?
Is it to vote for the Budget, to ensure that Scottish pensioners get that single fuel payment, or is to stick with his view and vote that Budget down?
My advice to my team is to ensure that the SNP is absolutely clear that we have given the biggest settlement to Scotland this year in our Budget.
The Scottish Government now have the powers and the resources.
They have no more excuses for their failure to deliver.
A year ago today, this House defeated the then Government over the contaminated blood scandal compensation scheme.
It is welcome that the present Government have set aside £11.8 billion for that compensation scheme, but as victims die every week, there is concern about the pace of payments, and the fact that rules are being changed behind closed doors in Whitehall without explanation, contradicting some of Sir Brian Langstaff’s recommendations.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that next week’s meeting scheduled with the campaign groups representing the victims must represent the start of those infected and affected being involved in a process that they fought so hard for, and for so long, and that too many died and failed to see?
We are committed to acting on the findings of the infected blood inquiry, and ensuring swift resolution and compensating in full.
That is why we announced £11.8 billion to compensate those who waited far too long for justice.
I will happily make sure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the Paymaster General to discuss the issues that he has raised.
Every day, pensioners in my Leicester South constituency are emailing me with one word: “frightened.”
Susan, who has pulmonary fibrosis, wrote: “During winter I rarely go out as it’s too cold for my lungs.
I need to keep warm and the heating on.
The winter fuel payment was really helpful.
I want MPs to know not all pensioners are millionaires (or receive gifts from millionaires), nor do we all get the higher rate of pension”.
Susan is frightened that she will not be able to keep her house warm this winter, and she is not alone.
Does the Prime Minister realise how frightening it is for the 8,100 pensioners in my constituency who have lost their winter fuel payment?
As the winter months start to bite, will he come to Leicester to explain to Susan why he thinks this policy is not frightening?
As the hon.
Member knows, the No. 1 job of this Government was to get our finances back in order after the mess that the last Government made, including leaving a £22 billion black hole.
We had to make tough choices.
The Opposition say that they want the benefits, but cannot say how they are going to pay for them.
We want to make sure that the most vulnerable pensioners get the pension credit that they are entitled to.
We are driving that up, and because we are stabilising the economy we can commit to the triple lock.
That means a £460 uplift in the pension next year, so every pensioner will be better off under a Labour Government.
The Middlewich eastern bypass will support the delivery of nearly 2,000 new homes, 6,500 jobs and 1.5 million square feet of employment land.
The previous Government, having first promised to fund it, dragged their feet, putting jobs and investment at risk.
We are approaching the season of good will, so can the Prime Minister give my constituents an early Christmas present and offer some certainty about this vital infrastructure project?
We are committed to supporting drivers across the country, including by freezing fuel duty and investing £1.6 billion to maintain our roads.
That is £500 million more than in the previous year.
I know that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have waited years for certainty on this scheme.
The project is currently going through a Government assessment process, and I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the roads Minister to discuss it.
The major GP practice groups in my constituency have written to me, detailing their precarious finances.
They are considering their options as they plan for the year ahead, including redundancies, handing back their contracts or bankruptcy, and they have stopped recruiting GPs, resulting in fewer patient appointments.
The Health Secretary has promised an increased funding allocation but has yet to say when we will know how much it will be.
Will the Prime Minister release the funding information and meet me and the GPs to hear at first hand about the pressures they are facing?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this.
The Darzi report, which we commissioned, made it clear that the NHS was broken by the previous Government, and that is why we provided £22 billion of additional funding in the Budget this year to start the work of fixing our NHS.
We do obviously value the vital work of GPs and, as he knows, we consult every year with the sector about the services they provide and the money they are entitled to in return, and we will set that out in the usual way.
Hollie Gazzard was murdered by her boyfriend outside her workplace in Gloucester 10 years ago.
Since then, her family have established the Hollie Gazzard Trust, which educates young people on domestic abuse and stalking, and keeps women safe with its Hollie Guard app.
Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to Hollie’s family and the work of the Hollie Gazzard Trust, and will he update the House on the steps the Government are taking to tackle violence against women and girls?
A decade on, I am sure the thoughts of the whole House remain with Hollie’s family and friends.
I join my hon.
Friend in commending the vital work of the Hollie Gazzard Trust.
In relation to the steps we are taking, we have a mission to halve the levels of violence against women and girls within a decade.
That is really tough to do—nobody has ever committed to that before.
I invite everybody across the House in join us in that.
That will include, among the steps we are taking, placing domestic abuse experts in  999 control rooms, to ensure that abuse is picked up early; launching a pilot of new domestic abuse protection orders; developing a national framework to track and target high-harm offenders; and strengthening stalking prevention orders.
We will take other measures to make good on that commitment.
A WASPI—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—woman dies every 13 minutes.
That is two women since the Prime Minister took to the Dispatch Box today, and it is 111 women every day, and nearly 17,000 since he took office.
How many more WASPI women have to die before the Government take action to give them the financial redress and justice that they are due?
We are moving at pace on all relevant issues.
We passed the Budget to provide the baseline for what we need, and we will continue to do so.
Local councils in my constituency are facing significant financial pressures on special educational needs and disabilities provision.
In Wokingham borough, for example, the SEND incidence is twice the national average, yet historically the level of funding has not met the level of need, and that has left families and children waiting too long for help.
The previous Government’s safety valve programme was only a sticking plaster, so I welcome this Government’s announcement today of additional SEND funding in mainstream schools.
What more can the Government do to make SEND funding sustainable?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this—I think this is the fifth or sixth time that SEND has been raised at Prime Minister’s questions.
We inherited a system neglected to the point of crisis by the last Government, and so we will deliver the change that is desperately needed.
That means increasing funding to the core schools budget by £2.3 billion, which includes almost £1 billion more on high needs budgets.
Today we are announcing investment of £740 million to create SEN units in mainstream schools which deliver specialist support, and I am very pleased to take that forward.
Members across this House are deeply concerned that the Post Office is considering closing more than 100 branches across our communities.
More than 3,000 people have signed a petition opposing the closure of Bexhill post office.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Government must ensure that we protect vital post office services for all our constituents?
I recognise the campaigning of many, including the hon.
Gentleman, on local services that their constituents rely on.
The Post Office is required to maintain a network of 11,500 branches and to ensure that 99% of the UK population lives within 3 miles of a post office.
Decisions about individual branches are for the Post Office to take, following consultation with local communities, but I am happy to ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss his particular case.
In my constituency it is full steam ahead to 2025, when our town celebrates the 200-year anniversary of the railways with a nine-month festival.
We are proud of our industrial contribution, but many in my area have concerns about the future of our rail industry.
What assurances can the PM offer that he will get our railways back on track?
We are delivering on our commitment to bring railways back under public ownership, putting passengers first.
Today, we have announced that South Western Railway services will be the first to transfer into public ownership next year, so that we can turn the page on decades of delay, fragmentation and failure.
Veteran Anne Puckridge is in the Gallery, and I urge the Prime Minister to meet her to talk about her frozen pension.
Yesterday, the reported that Scottish Labour MPs are very “upset”.
Apparently, that upset is caused by their Scottish leader’s diktat that they now have to support the very winter fuel payment that they voted against in this place.
As the Prime Minister comforts his upset MPs, will he remind them that the only people with the right to be upset are the 900,000 Scottish pensioners who were left in the cold by Labour’s cuts?
I work very closely with Scottish Labour in a harmonious way.
We ran a fantastic campaign earlier this year, which is why the hon.
Lady is sitting on the Benches at the back, not the Benches at the front.
I echo the words of Members across the House about Mandy Damari, who I also met this week, and who is from Beckenham.
Yesterday marked International Day of Persons with Disabilities, and I am proud to be one of the disabled MPs in this House.
As a sixth-former, I became one of the youngest people in Britain to have a hip replacement, and I relied on a blue badge.
Data released yesterday shows that blue badge theft has more than quadrupled in the past 10 years.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign to tackle blue badge theft and ensure that millions of disabled people can work, socialise and live an independent life?