Proportional representation is not our policy and we will not be making time for it.
I will just gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that he did not do too badly under the system as it is.
I am disappointed in that reply and hope that the Prime Minister will reflect on Labour’s policy.
Moving on to another pressing subject, more than 3 million people have been stuck on NHS waiting lists for more than 18 weeks.
That is probably the worst, most appalling legacy of the last Conservative Government and it needs to be fixed.
Does the Prime Minister accept that we will only get waiting lists down, and keep them down, if it is easier for everyone to see a GP when they need it?
When he publishes his milestones tomorrow, will he include a guarantee with a timetable so that people will be able to see a GP within at least seven days, or 24 hours if it is urgent?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to draw attention to the record of the last Government on the NHS: record waiting lists and record low confidence in the NHS.
In addition to the economy and immigration, they had better not be talking about that for the last five years either.
We will be driving that down.
We have already begun that work to make sure that we get those waiting lists down, and yes, of course, that includes making sure there is better access to GPs and other measures that need to be taken.
That is a central driving mission of this Government.
Given that a significant number of Members of this place are, regardless of class, women of a certain age, does the Prime Minister agree that when a woman of a certain age—or indeed any woman, of any age and from any background—says that they have experienced sexual harassment or inappropriate behaviour, they should be listened to and supported and the perpetrator dealt with?
I certainly agree with that, and I think everybody across the House would.
My hon.
Friend is right, because one of the greatest barriers that women face when coming forward to report unacceptable behaviour in the workplace is having confidence that they will be taken seriously.
That requires all of us to put in place mechanisms and arrangements to make that possible.
Everybody should be treated with dignity and respect, and I am proud of the fact that our Employment Rights Bill will strengthen protections from sexual harassment at work.
Friday the 13th is a date associated with bad things happening.
Next Friday, the European Union’s general product safety regulation will apply in Northern Ireland, creating more costs and bureaucracy for English, Scottish and Welsh companies that want to do business in Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland consumers buying from them.
Many businesses have already stopped supplying Northern Ireland.
Haulage companies are unsure of what is required of them.
Online sales platforms are divided on the advice they give.
A previous Prime Minister promised Northern Ireland businesses that if they were asked to complete additional paperwork, they should phone him and he would “direct them to throw that form in the bin.”
What direct, tangible advice can the Prime Minister give to those businesses that want to continue supplying Northern Ireland?
That is a serious issue and the Government are working closely with businesses to ensure that they are ready for the changes that the hon.
Gentleman has identified.
We published more guidance yesterday, as he knows, to support them further.
We will be keeping a close eye on the issue to help businesses trade freely across the whole of the United Kingdom.
In Stoke-on-Trent and Kidsgrove we are proud of our beautiful historic buildings.
However, many of them lie dormant and blight our proud towns.
Will the Prime Minister outline what steps the Government are taking to bring historic buildings back into use, and will he make time to visit my constituency to see for himself our untapped potential?