Does my right hon.
Friend agree that what is quite frightening about this policy is that perhaps the Government know exactly what they are doing, and that, a bit like “Animal Farm”, they think everything should be collectivised?
My right hon.
Friend, who has a wonderful way with words, asks a question that many members of rural communities up and down the United Kingdom are asking themselves.
In fact, when the Prime Minister did regional media a couple of weeks ago, Sean Dunderdale, the wonderful presenter on BBC Radio Lincolnshire, asked him what he had got against the people of Lincolnshire.
I might ask: what have this Labour Government got against the countryside?
rose— I will give way to my right hon.
Friend and neighbour
and then I will make some progress.
As my right hon.
Friend has said, the word “betrayal” is fitting because, long before the election, pledges were given, by both the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister, that these changes would not be made.
Order.
The right hon.
Member is a very experienced Member of this House, and he knows that he is meant to address the Chair, not the Front Bench.
Mr Speaker, I know that you, as a man of integrity and honour, will be as disappointed as I am that the Government should promise one thing and then do the exact opposite.
It is a great pleasure to have the right hon.
Gentleman not just as a friend but as my Lincolnshire neighbour.
He has put his finger on the point—genuinely, it is the next paragraph in my speech.
Some Labour MPs must be haunted by the phrasing from the Secretary of State during the general election campaign—because I suspect that they repeated it up and down the market towns and villages in their constituencies—when he described fears that Labour would impose this family farm tax as “desperate nonsense”.
Labour candidates will have repeated that line and assured the farming families in their constituencies that Labour would never treat rural communities in that way, yet within weeks the Chancellor was planning to do exactly that.
Since then, families across the country have been trying to work out how to pick up the pieces after Labour’s family farm tax bomb.
They will not forget.
A farmer from Derbyshire emailed me this week to say: “Our hard work and investment as a family has been wiped away in the stroke of a pen.”
They went on to say: “My 60 year old husband had a bleed on the brain in June and thankfully has made a full recovery but I’ve never seen him so stressed.
He doesn’t know what to do”.
Hon.
Members representing seats in Derbyshire may wish to reflect on how they will respond to that.
A farmer from Northumberland has written to me as follows: “We had to talk about which one of my parents are going to die first, in front of them.”
He said that Labour is “destroying people’s lives with this policy.
Many of us are worried about the mental state of many within agriculture and are concerned that it may be the final straw for some.”
In fairness,  the hon.
Member for Hexham (Joe Morris) , who is in his place, has voiced concerns about whether his Government are listening to ordinary people about this.
Will he vote for his farmers or will he toe the party line?
As a farmer’s wife, I understand the emotional impact that my right hon.
Friend sets out so clearly.
This is about not only the farmers who will be affected but all the farmers who know that they might be affected.
This is a tax on tragedy, and no one knows if it will befall them.
My hon.
Friend and Lincolnshire neighbour sets out exactly the personal impact of the tax.
I know how Treasury Ministers look at spreadsheets and those terribly impressive packs of information from civil servants.
[Interruption.]
I remind Government Members that this is deeply serious; it is not a joke.
I also know that Chancellor after Chancellor has looked  at the figures and come to the conclusion that this is a political decision.
The current Chancellor has got it wrong.
The shadow Secretary of State made an important point about the health and wellbeing of our farmers.
As operation waiting times were almost three times higher when she was Health Secretary than they were in 2010, does she not welcome the investment that this Government are putting into our NHS?
[Interruption.]
Do not worry; I will deal with that.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising the important issue of mental health in farming across the national health service.
I was proud to work, as a Member of Parliament and as Secretary of State for Health, to massively increase investment in mental health services.
If he is a rural MP, I am sure that he will know how isolated farmers can be and the pressures on their emotions at the best of times—they have the weather, diseases and crop cycles to contend with.
This pressure merely adds to that, as we have already heard from farmers who have contacted me.
I also gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that the family farm tax—or tax on tragedy, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson)  called it so bleakly—will raise £500 million in 2026-27.
According to the King’s Fund, that is equivalent to about a day’s worth of services in the NHS in England.
It will not be quite the game changer that some in the hon.
Gentleman’s party believe it to be.
What about the family in the south-west whose beloved father died a decade ago in tragic circumstances, leaving three young children who are now in their teens?
The mother has run the farm and brought up their children in the midst of their grief.
She has now been diagnosed with a life-threatening illness at the age of 50.
Two of the children want to carry on the farm when they reach 18 but, should the unthinkable happen and they lose their mum, they will be saddled with Labour’s family farm tax of £700,000.
What empathetic and meaningful response does the Secretary of State, who is not in his place—where is he?—or the Treasury Minister have for that family?
They will be watching and listening.
We took the unusual step of giving lots of notice to Labour MPs that we would debate Labour’s family farm tax today.
We did that because we wanted to give Labour MPs in rural seats time to reflect and consider whether they can continue to support this vindictive tax.
For example, a Welsh landowner told me that he will have to sell six tenanted farms to pay Labour’s family farm tax.
That is six farming families—who we on the Opposition Benches would describe as working people—who will lose their businesses, their family homes and their children’s farming futures.
Those six farming families have been forgotten by this Government.
The hon.
Member for Montgomeryshire and Glyndŵr (Steve Witherden)  has called on the Treasury to produce its modelling on the impact on family farms.
Will the Treasury do that, at the Back Bencher’s request?
How will he vote today?
The hon.
Member for South East Cornwall (Anna Gelderd)  met farmers earlier this month and claimed that she would take their concerns back to Westminster.
Will she raise those today and vote against this tax?
I have consulted widely with farming communities and farmers in my constituency.
I have not been able to identify a single farmer who feels that there is anything good in this policy whatsoever.
Does my right hon.
Friend know whether there is a single Labour Member of Parliament representing a rural community who genuinely believes that they will be voting in their constituents’ interests tonight?
I sincerely thank my right hon.
Friend for setting out clearly the choice ahead of Members across the House.
We on the Opposition Benches know who we are standing up for.
We back our farmers.
We understand how difficult farming is as a way of life.
It will be for individual Members of Parliament to decide how they vote.
The right hon.
Lady talked about choices and backing farmers.
The current Leader of the Opposition did a trade deal with Australia and New Zealand that sold farmers down the river.
Is that her version of backing British farmers?
I am pretty sure that the hon.
Gentleman has his facts wrong about the then Trade Secretary.
The Conservative party is in favour of trade deals, but we want trade deals that best support our farming industry.
[Interruption.]
Before Labour Members start shouting at me, he will know that the fears and concerns about those trade deals have not come to fruition.
What is more, we as Conservatives are proud of the fact that we would not enter trade deals that require the flooding to these shores of chlorinated chicken or hormone-treated beef.
I also gently remind the hon.
Gentleman that, as a Back Bencher, talking about foreign territories given the context of the debate about the Chagos islands is a bit brave.
We do not have much trade with the Chagos islands.
My right hon.
Friend is right to highlight the devastating effect of this policy and to highlight the incredible rounding-up exercise on the Treasury account books of the contribution that it will make to NHS expenditure.
With the Labour party having a serious foothold in rural constituencies for the first time since 1945, does she not find this rather inept politics, which is perhaps not surprising from such a London-centric Front Bench?
The policy shows a wilful ignorance of rural life and a deliberate attempt not to understand the pressures and is, in essence, selling those rural Labour MPs down the river.