The Minister for Veterans and People is leading this work.
The Prime Minister recently made an announcement on giving veterans a social housing exemption, which, I can confirm, will bring England in line with Scotland, where veterans are already exempt from the local connection requirement to access social housing.
We are creating a level playing field across the nations to support veterans, as I mentioned in my first answer.
Since 1921, the Royal British Legion Scotland has supported veterans and their families through education, remembrance and direct support.
This weekend,  in my constituency in Keighley, the town council and community groups are unveiling a memorial to the fallen of the first world war, with a time capsule placed under the cenotaph to be opened in 100 years.
Does the Minister agree that events such as these, which bring together the whole community, are of vital importance for our veterans—not only in Keighley, but in Scotland and across the wider United Kingdom?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in paying tribute to the volunteers who often run these events.
I also draw the House’s attention to the work of the War Memorials Trust, which is one of the many unsung organisations that do incredible work across this country to maintain war memorials so that we all may remember.
Across this House, we have many veterans and those who have served; I pay tribute to them all, and in particular to the 13 Members on the Government Benches who are veterans or reservists.
Last week, I had the honour of attending the steel-cutting ceremony of HMS Sheffield at BAE Govan in my constituency, adding to a long list in the tradition of building high-quality defence industry vessels on the Clyde.
What assurances can the Minister give me that defence procurement and skills will continue to be developed on the Clyde?
I can give my hon.
Friend the firmest of assurances that we will continue to prioritise shipbuilding on the Clyde, and indeed defence jobs across Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve living standards in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve living standards in Scotland.
Our economic growth mission will raise living standards in Scotland.
Our new deal for working people will disproportionately benefit Scots.
New protections such as guaranteed hours will help shift workers with up to £600 a year.
We are also delivering an annual pay rise of £1,400 for hundreds of thousands of full-time workers in Scotland, and we have committed to the triple lock, which means an extra £470 for pensioners next year.
Last week, we paid the first instalment to 7,000 former Scottish miners with their full pension.
We will improve living standards through better public services and pay driven by economic growth.
Does the Secretary of State agree that community benefit funds from wind farms contribute to improving living standards for communities?
Will he join me in praising the work of the nine community council groups in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock as a model of the fair distribution of funds to support local apprenticeships and improve living standards across the Cumnock and Doon Valley areas?
I congratulate not only the nine community councils in my hon.
Friend’s area on their initiative, but community councils up and down the country that do so much work on our behalf to ensure that the community benefit fund, derived from local wind farms, makes a tangible difference to local people.
I congratulate her on standing up consistently for her community.
Our mission is to become a clean energy superpower by 2030, and our communities will be at the heart of that.
Communities must benefit from hosting national infrastructure for clean power.
That is why right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero is developing guidance on community benefits, which will be published in due course.
Some 100,000 Scots are on zero-hours contracts, with no guarantee of secure hours.
Labour’s Employment Rights Bill will address that.
Does the Secretary of State agree that 100,000 Scots being in insecure work is a damning indictment of the state the Tories left our economy in and shows that we need a new direction in Holyrood?
Mr Speaker, you will not be surprised to hear that I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
[Interruption.]
Absolutely shocked!
The Government inherited not just a fiscal crisis from the previous Government, but an industrial one too.
We need more high-quality jobs in Scotland.
Between our industrial strategy, our plan to get Scotland working and the employment rights legislation, we will help to deliver that.
Do not forget that the SNP Government said that zero-hours contracts were a “positive destination” for work.
Our plans to make work pay will have a bigger positive benefit in Scotland than in the rest of the UK.
That is the difference in having Scottish Labour MPs on the Government Benches.
I join the Secretary of State for Scotland in welcoming the shadow Secretary of State for Scotland to his place.
I congratulate him on his appointment.
It does make it difficult sometimes to tell the two of them apart, that being said, especially on days like today.
Today, the Scottish Government will continue to protect the most vulnerable in society from the excesses of Westminster cuts.
Instead of Tory cuts, it will be Labour cuts to winter fuel payments.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the cut to the winter fuel allowance?
Mr Speaker, I am sorry for such a short response to the hon.
Gentleman, but there are 4.9 billion reasons why that question is rubbish.
I have to say I am not surprised.
There is huge confusion in the Labour party about the winter fuel allowance.
The Scottish Government are doing something about it; the UK Government are not.
The Secretary of State did not even know the number of pensioners who would be affected by the winter fuel cut.
Labour is now distancing itself from Labour.
Vote Labour to stop Labour—is that the message his party is sending out, or should voters just vote for the party that is actually doing something about it?
I think what the hon.
Gentleman is tending to forget is that the winter fuel payment in Scotland is devolved.
It was the SNP Scottish Government  who decided to means-test it as well.
If it was not for the £4.9 billion extra delivered by our Labour Chancellor at this Dispatch Box to end austerity, which the Scottish Government will spend today, they would not be able to make any decisions whatsoever.
What steps he is taking to support the regeneration of Scottish town centres.
I commend the hon.
Lady for her work with the Chancellor to help to deliver a record Budget settlement for Scotland, the largest Scottish Government Budget settlement in the history of devolution.
It is now up to the Scottish Government to ensure that our towns feel the benefit of it: there can be no more excuses from the Scottish National party.
The Budget also confirmed nearly £1.4 billion of funding for local growth projects, and we are delivering growth deals in all parts of Scotland, many of which are improving town centres and other community assets.
Hamilton is a brilliant place in which to live and work, but the boarded-up shops in Quarry Street tell a story of their own.
What can this Government do to support businesses across Hamilton and Clyde Valley, and across Scotland, which have suffered so badly under the chaos and neglect of two Governments, Conservative and SNP?
My hon.
Friend is entirely correct, and I commend her for standing up for her town.
In England this Labour Government have already delivered lower business rates for leisure, hospitality and retail businesses, which can help high streets, and I am sure that every Scottish MP wants to see that policy replicated in Scotland.
As we are discussing brilliant towns, it is timely to mention brilliant retail workers too, especially at this time of year.
I am supporting the Christmas campaign organised by the Scottish Retail Consortium and the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers to encourage everyone to respect our shop workers at this particularly busy time of year.
For far too long Ullapool, in my constituency, did not have a post office, which caused great inconvenience to local people.
Recently, however, Tesco stepped into the breach, and we now have a highly successful post office in a branch in the middle of Ullapool.
May I recommend this approach to regenerating town centres to the Ministers?
We are delighted to receive representations of all kinds on how to improve our town centres.
We know that they have suffered neglect for far too long.
I hope that all Scottish MPs will have been lobbying for the kind of support for our leisure, hospitality and retail sector that this Government have already given south of the border.
What steps he is taking to improve transport connectivity between Scotland and England.
May I first pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman, my predecessor?
I know that he will continue to represent his constituents assiduously from the Back Benches.
Both the Secretary of State and I will be working closely with the Department for Transport and the Scottish Government to ensure that cross-border connectivity remains a top priority for this Government.
Extending the Borders railway line to Hawick and Newcastleton and then on to Carlisle will boost jobs, help the local economy and improve social mobility.
The funding for the feasibility study was agreed by the last Conservative Government with the SNP Administration in Edinburgh, but the new Labour Government seem to have pushed this into the railway sidings.
Will the Minister ensure that the funding for the feasibility study is released as soon as possible?
The UK Government are fully committed to the Borderlands growth deal.
It will deliver economic growth for the south of Scotland and beyond, which is one of our key missions.
The Scotland Office continues to work with the Department for Transport, the Scottish Government and Borderlands partners on the next stage of business case development for the Tweedbank-Carlisle corridor, and on feasibility options for the extension of the Borders railway line.
Unfortunately, it is ultimately up to Transport Scotland and the Scottish Government to follow through on the delivery of this important project.