The Prime Minister talks about immigration, so it is probably a good time to remind him that he was the one writing letters asking us not to deport foreign criminals.
He and his party voted against every single measure we put in place to try to limit immigration.
The question today is what has been on the lips of all Labour MPs, including, I believe, the Health Secretary yesterday.
The Prime Minister knowingly appointed a convicted fraudster to be his Transport Secretary.
What was he thinking?
The previous Transport Secretary was right to resign when further information came forward.
What a marked contrast to the behaviour of the last 14 years.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about immigration.
There were record levels of immigration under the previous Government, with net migration of nearly 1 million, and she was the cheerleader.
She was the one urging the removal of the caps on work visas.
She thanked the previous Home Secretary for the work that was done.
She championed it, she advocated it—record levels of immigration.
He is obfuscating, but I am going to keep him on the topic.
He owes the House an explanation.
He says that the former Transport Secretary was asked to resign only after further information came to light.
What was that further information?
I am not going to disclose private conversations.
Further information came to light, and the Transport Secretary resigned.
What a marked contrast.
While the right hon.
Lady is obsessing with Westminster issues, we are getting on with fixing the mess and fixing the foundations, with that £22 billion black hole, our prisons bursting and, as we found out last week, net migration of nearly 1 million because of the Tory open borders policy.
I am not asking about migration; I am asking about the former Transport Secretary.
He never answers any questions, and it looks like he did not ask his Transport Secretary any questions either.
The truth is that he appointed a person convicted of fraud to the Cabinet, and the first thing she did was bung hundreds of millions of pounds in pay rises to her trade union friends.
Was this not a fraud on the British people?
No.
She says she is not talking about immigration, and I am not surprised.
I advise her not to talk about the economy or immigration for another five years.
He can try to change the topic as much as he likes, but the public are watching.
He owes them an explanation.
The country needs conviction politicians, not politicians with convictions.
Now, on to an even bigger fraud: the Budget.
Last week, the Prime Minister failed to repeat the Chancellor’s pledge of no more borrowing and no more taxes.
It is obvious that they are coming back for more.
In his manifesto, he committed to making Britain the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Does he stand by his own pledge?
I gently remind the right hon.
Lady that two of her predecessors had convictions for breaking the covid rules.
I also invite her to look at this morning’s OECD report, which has upgraded growth for next year and the year after, putting us on target to be the fastest-growing major economy in Europe in the next two years.
She should welcome that.
I have seen the OECD report, and what it says is that they will be coming back for more taxes.
The whole House will have heard him fail to repeat his own pledge.
He cannot even repeat the pledges he made just a few weeks ago.
We are here to stop him damaging the economy, and that is why—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the question.
They are laughing the same way they all laughed during the Budget, when they talked about raising national insurance.
They have no idea what people out there are dealing with.
That is why, yesterday, we voted against his damaging jobs tax.
Even former supporters such as the chef Tom Kerridge, who endorsed Labour at the election, say that the Budget was “catastrophic.”
He built a real business employing young people, unlike this Cabinet of trade union stooges, CV embellishers and an actual fraudster.
None of them has ever run a business.
Why will the Prime Minister not listen to businesses who are saying his Budget is catastrophic?
I thought the scripted jokes were over, but we had another one and then lectures about the economy from the Conservative party that broke the economy, sent mortgages through the roof and left a £22 billion black hole.
The right hon.
Lady talks about national insurance.
She complains about the rise in national insurance week after week, but then two weeks ago she said that she would not reverse it.
She signed trade deals that had farmers protesting in Whitehall, but now she pretends that she is their champion.
She campaigned to remove the cap on migrant worker visas, but now she pretends she is furious about the open borders policy of the last Government.
The fact is that the Prime Minister has discarded his own Labour leadership promises: he has dropped the five missions he said would define his Government; he has ditched his pledge to make Britain the fastest-growing economy in the G7—we left office with the UK as the fastest-growing economy in the G7—and business is saying he has damaged the economy with his Budget.
Tomorrow he is going to have an emergency reset, just five months into his premiership, but why should anyone believe a word he says?
The only relaunch on the Conservative Benches is the leadership bids of the right hon.
Lady’s rivals.
She obviously has not read the OECD report published this morning: the fastest growth in the next two years of any major economy in Europe—we are proud of that.
Opposition Members should never be allowed to forget the damage they did to our country.
They used Britain like some sort of mad scientist’s experiment: open borders, unfunded tax cuts, a neglected health service.
And now all the madness is still coming out, but they say they should be back in office.
They have not listened, they have not learned, and they certainly have not changed.
There is only one party that is driving this country forward, and that is this Labour Government.
Today it is Question 3
but, who knows, next week I could be No. 1 in the charts, as the first MP this year to bring out a Christmas single.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking my musical collaborator, the hugely talented Mal Pope, and everyone involved with this year’s “Everyone Deserves” hamper campaign, which will deliver festive food to 1,500 homes across five constituencies in south Wales?
Like our song says, “There’s a reason for the season and everyone deserves a Christmas.”