I am sure that, like  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  and myself, the Secretary of State for Scotland is watching with bated breath for the latest Scottish Budget.
After 17 years of incompetence, people are looking for change in Scotland, and the Labour party is promising it.
Will the Secretary of State follow the initiative of his Scottish leader, Anas Sarwar, in saying he will reinstate the winter fuel allowance and make representations to the Prime Minister to reconsider other policies, such as the national insurance changes, which are creating instability and uncertainty for the Scottish economy?
I have a lot of respect for the hon.
Lady, but this is another instance where the Opposition parties in this Chamber want all the benefits of the Budget, but they do not want to be able to pay for it.
We have announced the largest settlement for Scotland in devolution’s history: £47.7 billion, which is £4.9 billion extra.
The Chancellor delivered £4.9 billion extra in Barnett consequentials alone from this Dispatch Box during the Budget—the SNP voted against it, but will spend it today.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support veterans in Scotland.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support veterans in Scotland.
This Government are fully committed to delivering for veterans, and I pay tribute to them and their families for the sacrifices they make during their service, as well as their valued contribution to our society after they leave.
The Minister for Veterans and People, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , is leading work across Government, and with the Scottish Government, to ensure veterans and their families can access all the support they need.
There is significant variability in the provision of veteran services across the nations.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking, alongside his Cabinet colleagues, to ensure parity of services across the nations, and in particular in Scotland?