We have delivered the biggest Budget settlement for the Scottish Government in the history of devolution, with, as the House has heard today, more than £4.9 billion of extra funding that can go towards public services.
Does the Secretary of State agree that there are no more excuses for the SNP, and that Scots expect and deserve delivery and improvement of our public services?
Of course, I could not agree more.
It is not just the £4.9 billion, but all the other investment that the UK Government made outside the Barnett consequentials.
The Labour Government have delivered billions of pounds more for schools and hospitals in Scotland.
It is more money than ever before, but the SNP MPs voted against it.
They voted to deny Holyrood its biggest ever Budget settlement by voting against the Finance Bill last week, but of course they will happily spend it in their Budget today.
They also voted against Great British Energy, which will be based in the SNP  leader’s own constituency.
Given what we have read about the SNP’s selection processes, I guess the SNP MPs are keener to send themselves to Holyrood than billions of pounds of extra funding.
I am sure that pensioners in the Secretary of State’s constituency are as relieved as those in Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber that the Scottish Government’s Budget will introduce a pension-age winter heating payment for all Scottish pensioners.
The SNP Government are doing the right thing by Scottish pensioners.
Will he join me in urging the Labour Government here in Westminster to do the right thing by pensioners in England and Wales and give them back their winter fuel allowance as well?
What the hon.
Gentleman has just proved is that the winter fuel payment in Scotland is actually devolved.
One of the consequences of the Budget was to remove £5 million of regeneration funding for Perth city centre.
We got practically nothing from the levelling-up fund, save for that paltry £5 million, which the Secretary of State is taking away.
Just what is it that the UK Government have against the city of Perth?
No projects have been cancelled.
The Perth deal is under consideration by the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and the Treasury.
It has not been cancelled; it has merely been paused.
The hon.
Gentleman should speak to his colleagues in the Scottish Government, who have £4.9 billion extra in Barnett consequentials to spend today.
Perhaps he could even have a chat with some of his colleagues sitting next to him, who seem happier in Holyrood than they are here.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the potential impact of proposed changes to employer national insurance contributions on hospices in Scotland.
I know there is consensus right across this House on the enormous value of the hospice sector and the extraordinary work that it does—work that, sadly, has been undervalued for far too long.
Support for additional employer national insurance contributions will be allocated to Departments, with the Barnett formula applying in the usual way for the devolved Governments.
The rise does not begin until April, and we will set out further details on the allocation of funding in due course.
There are 45 hospices in Scotland—I cannot be certain of that figure, because so many of them are in dire financial circumstances.
I think of Roxburghe House in Aberdeen, which provides services to my constituents and those of other MPs in this Chamber.
Another organisation that provides vital hospice care is the Marie Curie charity, which provides services in Edinburgh and Glasgow.
It also provides hospice-at-home care.
The charity is facing a bill close to £3 million as a  result of decisions made by this Government.
What does the Minister have to say about the help that can be provided to Marie Curie and other organisations?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the pressures on hospice funding long predate the Budget and relate to the decline in real-terms funding from the Scottish Government.
I note that nearly 5,000 members of the public have written to the Scottish Government recently to support calls from the Scottish hospice leadership for fair funding.
Those calls might be answered this afternoon when the SNP Government will have an extra £5 billion to spend.
This was secured by Scottish Labour MPs but voted against by SNP MPs.
It will be spent this afternoon by SNP Ministers.
Make it make sense!