I can assure the right hon.
Lady that so am I. Very much so, Mr Speaker.
I will give way to  the hon.
Member for Hexham (Joe Morris) .
Is he going to speak up for his farmers?
I commend the right hon.
Lady’s commitment to honesty.
She talks about giving Labour Members advance sight of the Opposition day motion, but when did the Labour Whips Office receive the title of the Opposition day debate?
May I invite her to correct the record perhaps?
I am so sorry—in fairness, the hon.
Gentleman was obviously speaking to farmers in his constituency on Sunday.
Did I hear that there is a protest going on in his constituency at the moment?
In any event, I actually made the announcement on national television on Sunday; perhaps he was not watching.
Farmers at home will be wondering what on earth we are arguing over.
One word that the right hon.
Lady has not mentioned is Brexit—the great Tory disaster of the last Parliament.
How much does she estimate that Brexit cost farmers and the rural community?
The hon.
Gentleman and I, unusually, can join forces on this matter.
While I am going to resist the temptation to revisit Brexit, what I will do is point him to paragraph 4.11 of the CAAV report— Order.
You are facing totally the wrong way—I cannot pick up anything.
Please turn around.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
I am reminded of paragraph 4.11 of the CAAV report, which sets out the peculiar legal problems posed by the family farm tax in the context of Scottish farming tenants.
It is incredibly complicated, but that is a real concern, and I trust that the SNP will be exploring it alongside Conservative Members of Parliament.
In conclusion, before ambitious Back Benchers, or, indeed, the Exchequer Secretary, get to their feet and accuse these farmers, and us, of scaremongering—something they have been happy to do in the past—they should think on, discover some humility and compassion, and ask why tens of thousands of decent, hard-working and sensible people across the United Kingdom know that the Chancellor has got it so wrong.
Polling by the Country Land and Business Association today shows what the public think: they do not think farmers should be whacked with the family farm tax.
They think that Labour has broken its promise to end countryside decline; they think the Government should be cutting taxes on rural businesses; and 70% are not confident that the Labour Government can deliver growth to rural communities.
I say to every hon.
Member on the Government Benches: do the right thing and stand up for our farmers, who are the best in the world and whose produce is renowned globally.
They feed us, and now they need us.
Labour MPs need to join us and axe the family farm tax.
I beg to move an amendment, to leave out from “House” to the end of the Question and add: “thanks farmers for their immense contribution to the UK economy and the nation’s food security; welcomes the Government’s commitment of £5 billion to the farming budget over the next   two years, the biggest budget for sustainable food production and nature recovery in UK history; acknowledges that the Government is having to make difficult decisions to protect farms and farmers in the context of the £22 billion fiscal blackhole left by the previous Government; recognises that the Government is seeking to target Agricultural Property Relief and Business Property Relief to make them fairer whilst also fixing the public services that everyone relies on; and notes that under the changes announced in the Budget around three quarters of claims for Agricultural Property Relief, including those that also claim Business Property Relief, are expected to not pay more Inheritance Tax.”