I will give way to the hon.
Lady and then carry on with the calculations that the Government have got so wrong.
The right hon.
Member left a trail of destruction across the Government.
She was the Health Secretary who broke the NHS, the Prisons Minister who ran out of prison places and the Treasury Minister who crashed the economy—no wonder her constituency majority crashed from 28,000 to 5,000.
[Interruption.]
Does she not think it is time to apologise and for once to support the Government, who are bringing back stability to the British economy and farmers’ profitability?
Order.
I know that Members are jeering about reading.
I know that when I came to the House it was a rule that you should not read, but both sides are doing it.
Remember that.
rose— On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I have a point of order—from the shadow Minister’s good friend, of course.
This point of order is spontaneous, unlike that intervention.
[Interruption.]
I am Mr Spontaneity.
Mr Speaker, you are entirely right that many right hon.
and hon.
Members read their speeches almost verbatim, but surely it is just rude and discourteous to the House for  the hon.
Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Alison Hume)  to read a supposedly spontaneous intervention as if it had just come into her mind.
She managed to find a typewriter and a printer in order to write down two pages of intervention.
As I expected, spontaneity did not make it a point of order.
As the first female Prime Minister said, if they are going after you personally, it means you are winning the argument.
Let me help the hon.
Member for Scarborough and Whitby with the second set of calculations that her Chancellor has got so wrong, because the Chancellor’s cockeyed accounting extends to the claim that farmers will be able to transfer £3 million tax-free.
That is wrong.
Only a few in a specific set of circumstances will be able to claim that magic figure.
[Interruption.]
There are jeers from Government Members, but that amount is not available to widows, it is not available to people who are single and it is not available to people who own a farm with another relative.
Labour’s magic £3 million figure assumes that the surviving spouse lives some sort of monastic existence where they have no personal effects to pass on to their loved ones.
As farmers from Sussex have asked, why are widows’ families being targeted?
A family wrote to me about their mother, who is a widow.
They have calculated that they face an additional £200,000 tax bill from Labour because their father died before the Budget and so did not know to transfer his allowance.
We know that some Labour Members of Parliament have concerns.
The hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Terry Jermy) , who represents over 500 farms—I do not know whether he is in his place—has asked for assurances  on the accuracy of figures used by the Government.
Given the demolition of the Chancellor’s figures by the CAAV and many others, will he vote for the family farms in his constituency or will he toe the party line?
The CAAV’s concern about the figures being peddled by the Government is shared by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, CBI Economics and even the Office for Budget Responsibility.
But it is not just about the numbers: Labour Members need to understand the emotional toll of this terrible tax.
It is the worry, the distress and the sense of betrayal felt by families that should stop ambitious Labour MPs in their tracks before they parrot without question the figures given to them by their Ministers.
rose— I will give way to the hon.
Lady.
I hope that she does not fall into the category that I just described.
The right hon.
Lady talks about the figures.
Does she accept that her Government’s record was one of leaving £300 million of the farming budget unspent in the Treasury coffers, not helping farmers?