The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 4 December.
Order.
What are those two Members playing at?
That is absolutely disgraceful.
We have started PMQs.
Either come in early or at least wait.
Please start reading the room.
It is a pleasure to welcome His Highness the Amir of the state of Qatar to the UK.
I look forward to discussions this afternoon on how we are strengthening our relationship and boosting trade and investment, including an announcement today of a £1 billion investment in our new clean energy partnership.
Sunday marked World Aids Day, and we stand with all those we have lost and those living with HIV today.
We will seek to end new cases of HIV in England by 2030.
I also note that we are joined in the Gallery today by Mandy Damari, the mother of Emily, a British citizen still being held hostage in Gaza.
I have met Mandy a number of times, and in my view what she is going through is nothing short of torture.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House I shall have further such meetings later today.
I would like to concur with the comments the Prime Minister has just made.
North Devon district hospital is the most remote hospital in mainland England.
Its intensive care unit has only six beds, it is almost 50 years old, and it serves a population of 165,000 people.
Can the Prime Minister assure my constituents that their hospital will receive the urgent funding that is needed under the new hospital programme, so that they will not face a more than two-hour drive to the nearest trauma unit?
The new hospital programme that we inherited was emblematic of the failures of the previous Government: making promises with no plan to deliver on them.
We are committed to delivery,  including the North Devon hospital.
We are reviewing the programme to place it on a sustainable footing, and the Health Secretary will set out further details of the new delivery soon.
In the meantime, we continue to support trusts to develop their schemes.