It is a

hallmark of his commitment and dedication.
Foster was a student at Window Rock High School in Arizona where he

earned All State and All Conference Honors in baseball, football, and

basketball from 1966 to 1969.
Upon graduating high school, he continued

to play baseball at Bacone Juniors College in Muskogee, Oklahoma and

later Adam State College in Alamosa, Colorado.
He was named as the

Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference Batting Champion in 1971 with a

batting average of .442.
After college, Foster played semi-pro baseball and was a nine-time

All Tournament outfield and batting champion and continued to play in

All Indian baseball tournaments from 1964 to 1976.
Foster now resides in Gallup, New Mexico with his wife Mattie Foster.
He continues to be an active member of his community, including being a

local sportswriter.
Na b// hozh0 to Mr. Foster.
We are grateful for his

contribution to sports in New Mexico.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE PICKETT COUNTY LADY BOBCATS ON CLAIMING STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
JOHN W. ROSE

Mr. ROSE.
Mr. Speaker, for many of the folks I represent in the Upper

Cumberland Region of Middle Tennessee, this year feels a lot like 1989.
That's the last time the Pickett County Lady Bobcats were named TSSAA

girls basketball state champions.
They reclaimed that title last month,

when they defeated the Moore County Lady Raiders, 56-45, in the Class

1A final.
And this championship, Mr. Speaker, was a family affair.
Lady Bobcats

Guard Zoe Nicholas now joins her aunt and grandmother in having been

members of a Pickett County state championship team.
It doesn't stop

there.
Nicholas' cousin, Callie Reeder, is also on the winning team and

was even named tournament MVP.
The coach that led the team to victory, Brent Smith, has a brother

named Barry, who happened to coach the last winning team 35 years ago.
It's important to note that even though this is the first state

championship in a while, the program does very well every season.
It's

also important to note that each time the Lady Bobcats have made it out

of the quarterfinals and advanced to the state championship, they've

won.
I want to congratulate the current champions for keeping that now

six-time winning streak alive.
I am proud to represent Pickett County, and many places like it, that

take so much pride in their families, communities, and their home team.
I would now like to recognize everyone who carried the team to

victory.
Players included: Senior Allie Amonett, Senior Ella K.

Keisling, Junior Emmy Lowe, Junior Callie Reeder, Junior Kaylee

Tompkins, Sophomore Addison Lowe, Sophomore Zoey Nicholas, Sophomore

Kylie Wood, and Freshman Emma Tompkins.
Managers included: Senior Nikki

Gunter, Junior Addie Keisling, and Junior Ava Keisling.
I'd

also like to recognize Head Coach Brent Smith and Assistant Coach

Rochelle Mason for the win.
Again, congratulations to the Pickett County Lady Bobcats, the 2024

TSSAA 1A Girls Basketball State Champions.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO, LETICIA FERRER

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate this week's

Hometown Hero, Leticia Ferrer.
During last week's solar eclipse,

Leticia's lifelong fascination with the movement of the sun and the

moon gave her the opportunity to lead a project in North Texas funded

by NASA.
Leticia's passion for things out-of-this-world started in

childhood and she's dedicated her life to documenting and filming

eclipses across the globe.
Collecting data on the sun throughout her

viewings, last week the Farmer's Branch native had the opportunity to

work with the Citizen CATE project as a coordinator of scientific

viewing teams of the eclipse at home in North Texas.
The Citizen CATE

project works with NASA and the National Science Foundation to collect

data on the magnetic structure and energy of the sun's corona.