Title: CELEBRATING EDUCATION AND SHARING DAY IN HONOR OF THE REBBE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
66

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING EDUCATION AND SHARING DAY IN HONOR OF THE REBBE

HON.
DUSTY JOHNSON

Mr. JOHNSON of South Dakota.
Mr. Speaker, April 19, 2024,

corresponding to the 11th of Nissan, marks the birthday of Rabbi

Menachem M. Schneerson, known as ``the Rebbe.''
It is celebrated

worldwide and in all 50 states across our great country, including my

home state of South Dakota.
This day is also observed as ``Education & Sharing Day'' in

recognition of the Rebbe's deep commitment to bettering the education

of all people.
He emphasized that education should not merely be about

imparting knowledge but must instill values essential for living a

meaningful life, fostering moral character, and contributing to the

betterment of individuals and society at large.
These moral and ethical

principles have served as the foundation of civilization since time

immemorial.
Like two of the greatest Jewish leaders known to humanity in their

times, Moses and Maimonides, whom we honor with their bas-reliefs

adorning the walls of this august body, the Rebbe provided leadership,

guidance, and healing in our times.
This body is honored to have

awarded him the Congressional Gold Medal.
The Rebbe said that from his earliest childhood days, he envisioned

seeing the world come to a state of peace.
Through decades of dedicated

service and leadership, while guiding many of our nation's leaders, he

exemplified how humanity, through moral education, charitable deeds,

and acts of kindness, can bring our world to a state where ``swords are

turned into plowshares,'' with peace and prosperity for all inhabitants

of God's world.
On the Rebbe's birthday, it is fitting that we honor him by striving

to apply his teachings with greater diligence, embodying his vision of

a world illuminated by compassion and goodwill for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF ABILENE BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
RICK W. ALLEN

Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 250th

anniversary of the Abilene Baptist Church in Georgia's 12th District.
Established near Augusta, Georgia and founded by the pioneering

Baptist minister Daniel Marshall, the centuries-long history of Abilene

continues to bring hope and unity of God's word to our communities.
As we reflect on 250 years of faith, fellowship, and service, we also

remember the journey that has brought us to this moment--through the

many challenges, countless blessings, and cherished milestones.
This anniversary is not just a marker of time, but a testament to the

unwavering dedication and commitment of each member of this

congregation.
One of my favorite passages in the Bible is God's instructions to

Joshua in Joshua 1:8: ``Do not let this book of law depart from your

lips, be careful to do what it says, meditate on it day and night, and

you will be prosperous and successful.''
This anniversary is undoubtedly a celebration, but also a reminder

that God has used this congregation in a powerful way and continues to

do so.
I express my deepest gratitude to those who have contributed to the

years of success of Abilene Baptist Church.
May God bless each and

every one of them.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE NETWORK OF VICTIM ASSISTANCE'S 50TH YEAR OF SERVICE

HON.
BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK

Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the outstanding work of the Network of Victim Assistance (NOVA), as it

commemorates its 50th year of service to the residents of Bucks County.
NOVA stands as a beacon of hope and support for victims of serious

crimes and their families.
NOVA's mission of providing support,

counsel, and empowerment of victims of sexual assault and abuse in our

region manifests itself through its tireless advocacy and community

education.