Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

the outstanding work of the Network of Victim Assistance (NOVA), as it

commemorates its 50th year of service to the residents of Bucks County.
NOVA stands as a beacon of hope and support for victims of serious

crimes and their families.
NOVA's mission of providing support,

counsel, and empowerment of victims of sexual assault and abuse in our

region manifests itself through its tireless advocacy and community

education.
NOVA directly assists over 3,000 victims annually, providing them

with crucial support and resources during their time of need.
Additionally, their team of educators conducts personal safety training

for approximately 30,000 individuals each year, spanning across

different age groups from children to adults By utilizing individual

and group counseling, victims of sexual assault and abuse can regain

control of their lives, and through education programs, children and

communities learn to be advocates for victims of abuse, as well as

prevention and personal safety.
By empowering individuals with the knowledge and tools to protect

themselves, NOVA plays a vital role in fostering safer communities.
The

organization's reputation for delivering exemplary services and

programs is well-deserved and wide recognized both statewide and

beyond.
In conclusion, as NOVA celebrates its 50th anniversary, let us

commend and express our gratitude to all the staff, volunteers, and

supporters who have contributed to its success over the years.
I am

thankful to work with their President, Sarah Larson, Executive

Director, Penny Ettinger, and the many other NOVA staff and volunteers

serving Bucks County.
I am proud to support them in their mission to

stand for victims in the fight to end sexual assault.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE ROBBINS AREA LIBRARY'S 30TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Robbins Area

Library for thirty years of service to the people of Moore County.
Thirty years ago, this library was established to serve as a center

for community and learning for the people of Robbins, North Carolina.
Before it was built, folks had to travel to neighboring towns in order

to visit a library.
But now Robbin's library has emerged as an integral

part of the town.
The library houses thousands of books, provides

internet access in an area where coverage is limited, and caters to the

learning of people of all ages.
Additionally, it serves as a central

meeting spot, hosting children's events, book groups, movie groups,

sports clubs, and more.
Numerous folks have been integral to the success of this storied

landmark.
This includes people like Theron Bell, who was the chief

advocate for the establishment of the library back in the 1990's, and

Clara Bernicken, a thirty-year veteran of the local library system and

one of the lead story tellers at Robbins.
They, and many others, have

performed a tremendous service to our community in Moore County.
I

think I speak for everyone in Moore County in thanking them for all

they have done and continue to do.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing the Robbins Area

Library and all those who have helped it grow and develop on the

thirtieth anniversary of its establishment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING LARRY FOSTER

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Larry Foster

Indigenous Athletics Hall of Fame.
This honor demonstrates the

outstanding leadership and athletic achievement of Mr. Foster.
It is a

hallmark of his commitment and dedication.
Foster was a student at Window Rock High School in Arizona where he

earned All State and All Conference Honors in baseball, football, and

basketball from 1966 to 1969.
Upon graduating high school, he continued

to play baseball at Bacone Juniors College in Muskogee, Oklahoma and

later Adam State College in Alamosa, Colorado.