In this

capacity, he has served as the face of the organization in the

community, presenting millions of dollars of credit refunds to local

governments and school boards.
Mr. Marina embodies the heart of a true

public servant, lending his expertise, passion, time and energy into

all he has been involved with.
He has served in key leadership roles on

the Board of Directors for United Way of Pasco, the Pasco Economic

Development Council, the Boys and Girls Club, the Vincent House and

several other local nonprofits.
Mr. Marina doesn't just lend his name

to a cause; when he commits to something, he goes ``all-in''--above and

beyond to make a lasting imprint on the lives of those his work

touches.
For more than 25 years, whenever there has been an unmet need

in the community, Mr. Marina has stepped up to the plate to make sure

the job is done, and done right.
He has worked tirelessly on countless

large-scale community projects to enrich the lives of the people of

Pasco County and to create opportunities for future residents.
He has

helped to transform Pasco from a bedroom community to one in which

people can truly live, play and work.
His compassion and his desire to

empower others to realize their full potential knows no bounds.
As he

embarks upon his well-deserved retirement, he leaves behind a legacy of

selfless service, commitment to others, and humble leadership.
His

shoes will be big to fill.
It is clear that Mr. Marina has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MARK McCLARTY

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made in our community by one of my constituents,

Mark McClarty, who has been a volunteer with the non-profit, People

Helping People (PHP) since 2023.
Mark stepped up to manage the

organization's Weekend Blessings program which provides four meals per

weekend to children facing food insecurity.
The program also feeds

these children throughout the summer.
Careful coordination with the

Hernando County School District and other organizations is required to

make this initiative successful, and Mark works tirelessly to get the

job done.
Mark's background in finance and his people skills are so

incredibly valuable.
He continually finds innovative ways to lower the

costs while increasing value of the food PHP purchases for the program.
Under his leadership, the Weekend Blessings initiative has grown, as it

now serves an additional 150 needy children each week.
The efficiencies

he has implemented for this initiative have also been replicated within

PHP's senior feeding program.
His positive attitude is infectious.
It is clear that Mr. McClarty has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for his service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE IVANOVSKY FAMILY

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made in our community by the lvanovsky Family.
The

Twistid Arts Initiative was born out of the desire to raise awareness

Citrus County.
Prior to the creation of this non-profit organization,

youth in Citrus County had limited opportunities for exposure to

successful arts-based careers.
In response, this non-profit

organization was developed to provide innovative programming, hands-on

education, and immersive events throughout the community.
The lvanovsky Family has jumped in to help at every Twistid Arts

event that has been held to date.
They are extremely dedicated to the

cause and are willing to do even the most menial tasks to ensure events

and programs run smoothly.
Part of what makes our country so great is

the willingness of ordinary Americans to go above and beyond to

selflessly give back to others.
Volunteerism is one of the cornerstones

of our society and part of the fabric that unites us.