He was

97 years old.
Mr. Craighead was born on December 18, 1926, in Hyattsville,

Maryland, to William M. and Jean C. Craighead.
He graduated from Andrew

Lewis High School at age 16 and then began a 44-year career in

railroads, as a messenger in the N&W's Blacksmith Shop.
Not long after, Mr. Craighead's railroad career was put on hold when

he volunteered for the U.S. Marine Corps during World War II, serving

as a rifleman with the Fourth Marine Division and earning a Purple

Heart after being wounded in the Battle of Iwo Jima.
He also tried to

volunteer for the Korean War when the war broke out, but because of his

injuries, was turned down.
After returning from World War II, he completed a four-year

apprenticeship, and moved to the Industrial Development Department in

1954, retiring in 1987 as Regional Manager.
During his life he served as the President of the Salem/Roanoke

County Chamber of Commerce, Chairman of the Salem Industrial

Development Authority, Chairman of the Economic Development Committee

of the Virginia State Chamber of Commerce, and he was a member of the

Regional Partnership of the Roanoke Valley.
He also served as director

and Vice President of the Salem Educational Foundation and Alumni

Association, establishing the Craighead Family Endowment, awarding

scholarships to graduates of Salem High School.
When I was a boy, growing up in a mother-led single parent household,

Mr. Craighead was very kind in making sure that I was included in

activities with his boys.
Following his retirement in 1987, Mr. Craighead wrote and published a

book titled, ``Jackson's Legacy.''
He was preceded in death by his wife, Janet Terry Akers Craighead,

his parents, and his two brothers, William M. Craighead, Jr. and James

L. Craighead.
He is survived by his five children and their significant others,

Russell Craighead and Cynthia Miller, Anne Craighead, Steve and Beth

Craighead, Nancy Craighead and Janet Ardam, Tim and Debra Craighead;

adoptive daughter, Amanda Allen; nine grandchildren; and sixteen great-

grandchildren.
I wish them my sincerest condolences during this

difficult time.
I want to thank Mr. Craighead for his service to our country and note

that he was a valued member of the Salem community throughout his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF HARRIS COUNTY JUSTICE OF THE PEACE JUDGE ARMANDO

V. RODRIGUEZ

HON.
AL GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, and still I rise.
I rise to honor

the memory of a noble public servant Harris County Justice of the Peace

Judge Armando V. Rodriguez.
Elected to Harris County's Precinct 6,

Place 2 in 1973, Judge Armando V. Rodriguez became the first Hispanic

to hold the title of Harris County Justice of the Peace.
He served our

county admirably for more than four decades and was known as the

longest-tenured judge in Harris County.
The Honorable Judge V. Rodriguez was not just a holder of public

trust but a justice seeker, community leader, and coalition builder.
Judge Rodriguez exercised compassion and experience to boldly advocate

for and protect his community.
Judge Rodriguez went above and beyond

the call of duty when he founded Fiestas Patrias, an organization that

celebrates the diversity and cultures of Latin America and culminated

into an annual parade that is still being held today.
Judge Rodriguez's

efforts also included the creation of the Black and Brown Coalition,

which we co-founded together.
Mr. Speaker, I am fortunate enough to say that I knew and worked

alongside The Honorable Judge Armando V. Rodriguez for many years.
I

believe that when history records the legacy of Judge Rodriguez, he

will be forever

remembered for his caring and candid demeanor as he worked to serve

local communities, his county, as well as his country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO PERMIT COMMERCIAL FILMMAKING AND PHOTOGRAPHY

ON THE GROUNDS OF THE U.S. CAPITOL

HON.