He would later come to Roanoke to work with Boy Scouts of America,

which is where we met.
He eventually became a lawyer, and we became

friends.
Our friendship was first cemented while spending hours

photocopying form files in my office.
We then served in the Virginia House of Delegates together, where I

knew him as someone who would often reach across party lines to get

things accomplished for his fellow Virginians.
In 2013, Onzlee helped then-Republican Governor Bob McDonnell pass

his transportation plan.
After leaving the House of Delegates, Onzlee was appointed as a

judge, serving in juvenile and domestic relations court.
It was there

that he used what he learned earlier in life to reach out to juveniles,

telling them they could turn their lives around and be successful, just

as he had become.
He later rose in the ranks to become a circuit court judge.
Onzlee Ware was a trailblazer.
He served as the first Black

legislator from the western part of Virginia and later the first Black

judge in Roanoke Circuit Court.
He made an impact on so many throughout

his life, his legacy will live on for years to come.
He was my friend.
I will miss him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MR.
WILLIAM ANTHONY ANDERSON

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to

the remarkable life and legacy of Mr. William Anthony Anderson, Sr.,
whose sudden passing on March 9, 2024, has deeply saddened our

community.
Mr. Anderson's journey, characterized by dedication,

service, and compassion, has left an indelible mark on all who had the

privilege of knowing him.
Born on July 12, 1962, in Blue Springs, Mr. Anderson's commitment to

public service was evident from the outset.
He served at the Union

County Sheriff's Office for over a decade before assuming the role of

chief of police for the city of Verona, where his leadership and

dedication earned him the respect of his colleagues and the community.
Anderson was appointed as the assistant police chief at Northeast

Mississippi Community College in late 2014.
His commitment to the

safety and well-being of the students led to his subsequent appointment

as police chief on July 1, 2021, succeeding Chief Randy Baxter.
Mr. Anderson was a pillar of support for the students, embodying the

values of service and protection.
His passion for ensuring the well-

being of the students was evident in his actions, from organizing car

inspections to late-night safety walks.
A man of faith, Mr. Anderson was a dedicated member of Ecru Second

Baptist Church, where he served as a deacon, embodying his commitment

to serving others both within and beyond the law enforcement community.
Mr. Anderson's legacy of service, dedication, and compassion will

forever be cherished by those whose lives he touched.
He leaves behind

a community grateful for his unwavering commitment to duty and his

enduring impact on the lives of many.
Beyond his professional accomplishments, Mr. Anderson was a loving

husband to his wife, Connie Smith Anderson, and a devoted father to

their three children, Anna, Ebony, and William Jr., who followed in his

father's footsteps in law enforcement.
He also cherished his role as a

grandfather to Kydwn and Fallyn.
May Chief Anthony Anderson rest in peace.
His service and sacrifice

will never be forgotten.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF ROBERT CRAIGHEAD

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Robert

``Bob'' Anderson Craighead, who passed away on February 9, 2024.
He was

97 years old.
Mr. Craighead was born on December 18, 1926, in Hyattsville,

Maryland, to William M. and Jean C. Craighead.
He graduated from Andrew

Lewis High School at age 16 and then began a 44-year career in

railroads, as a messenger in the N&W's Blacksmith Shop.