Vicki's role as President of the Raytown Chamber of Commerce requires

the oversight and leadership of two non-profit organizations, the

Raytown Chamber of Commerce Building Foundation and the Raytown Area

Chamber of Commerce and Tourism.
The former owns the land and building

of the Raytown Chamber`s office, while the latter works to provide

year-long benefits to members.
Vicki's diverse and robust skill set

have set her up for success in this role, as she is tasked with

managing advocacy, networking events, community engagement, business

resources, and community resources and maintaining a balanced budget

for the Raytown Chamber.
Understanding the importance of collaboration,

Vicki has been devoted to working alongside the City of Raytown to

promote economic development in the area.
She has also worked to

continue developing relationships with other Chambers in the Kansas

City metropolitan area, as well as with Jackson County and local school

boards.
The Raytown Chamber has immensely benefitted from Vicki's leadership.
Vicki created an annual strategic plan to provide direction for staff

members as they navigate the committee and board approval process.
She

has worked to establish the Tourism sector with the Chamber, redesign

the Chamber's logo, and to partner with Jackson County for the Rock

Island Shared Use Project.
During times of economic hardship, Vicki's

dedication to the Raytown Chamber remained steadfast.
The Chamber

continued to meet their goals throughout the beginning of the 2020

Covid-19 pandemic due to her direction as President.
Vicki also

selflessly ran the Chamber's office as a one-person operation from

November of 2019 until April of 2023.
Under Vicki's leadership, the

Capital Campaign was launched to remodel the Raytown Chamber of

Commerce building.
Vicki saw this project through to completion from

2016 and 2023.
I was honored to help secure the $200,000 needed through

federal grants for a project so deserving of these funds.
Vicki's compassion for and generosity towards the people of Raytown

extends even beyond her role as President of the Raytown Chamber of

Commerce.
She serves on the Board of trustees for the Raytown

Educational Foundation and is a member of the Raytown Rotary Club.
Vicki's devotion to giving back to her community is apparent to all

those around her.
She has received numerous awards recognizing her hard

work, including the Volunteer of the Year for the Raytown Chamber

award, Raytown's Outstanding Woman Leader of the Year award, and the

Raytown Citizen of the Year award.
Vicki has also completed the Raytown

Community Emergency Response Team training.
Dedicating hours to serving

her city, Vicki has demonstrated her passion for public service.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in applauding Vicki Turnbow as a thank

you for leading the Raytown Chamber of Commerce as President and

charitably serving her community.
Her enthusiasm for improving the

lives of others has earned her a joyous retirement.
On behalf of

Missouri's Fifth Congressional District, I want to thank Vicki for her

leadership on behalf of the 118th Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VIRGINIA ALLEN AND THE BLACK ANGELS

HON.
NICOLE MALLIOTAKIS

Ms. MALLIOTAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

Proclamation recognizing Virginia Allen and the Black Angels.
Whereas: Virginia Allen arrived to Staten Island, New York at the age

of 16 to work as a nurse at Staten Island Sea View Hospital in 1947.
Whereas: Staten Island Sea View Hospital opened in 1913 specifically

to treat patients with Tuberculosis and, at its peak, Sea View Hospital

saw nearly 2,000 patients and was one of only four municipal hospitals

in New York City that did not discriminate against Black nurses.
Whereas: Virginia Allen received her training at Staten Island

Seaview Hospital and courageously stepped up on the frontlines to be

one of the 300 `Black Angels' to treat tuberculosis patients.