Title: CELEBRATING THE SEMIQUINCENTENNIAL OF MARTIN COUNTY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
45

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE SEMIQUINCENTENNIAL OF MARTIN COUNTY

HON.
DONALD G. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, today, I honor a milestone

that marks the passage of time and the rich tapestry of history and

community woven into the fabric of Martin County.
As the county's

residents commemorate its Semiquincentennial, let us reflect upon 250

years of resilience, progress, and unity that have shaped the county.
The county's history begins with the Tuscarora, who first inhabited

the region that became Martin County.
They referred to the area as

``Squhawky.''
The Tuscarora lived off the lush forest of present-day

Martin County and used the Roanoke River as an important trade route

with other tribes in the coastal plain region.
The Tuscarora migrated

to other North Carolina and Virginia sites when the first English

settlers began inhabiting the area in the early 1770s.
In the anxious year of 1774, Martin County emerged from annexes of

Halifax and Tyrrell Counties, born from the tireless efforts of

residents who sought a closer seat of county government.
The county was

named for the last Royal Governor of North Carolina, Josiah Martin.
The

county's name would later be used to honor Alexander Martin, a

prominent Federalist of the Old North State.
Incorporated in 1779,

Williamston, the cherished county seat, earned the moniker of ``Tar

Landing,'' a testament to its pivotal role along the Roanoke River.
Throughout history, the county and Williamston have served as

transportation centers for naval stores such as tar, pitch, turpentine,

and other resources.
The railroads of the 1800s and the highways of the

1900s continued to allow trade in the region to flourish.
The Roanoke River, a lifeline coursing through the county, has

witnessed triumphs and tribulations, from its days as the ``Moratuck''

to the modern era where it beckons adventurers and anglers alike.
Let

us remember the floods of 1940, a catalyst for change that birthed the

Roanoke River Basin Association and paved the way for progress in flood

mitigation and environmental stewardship.
From the bustling heart of Williamston to the tranquil hamlets of Oak

City, Hamilton, and beyond, our communities and municipalities stand as

testaments to the resilience and ingenuity of generations past and

present.
At Martin County's 250th anniversary, let us celebrate our past

achievements and recommit ourselves to the ideals of unity, resilience,

and progress that have defined the county.
Together, let us continue to

write the next chapter of the county's story, guided by the enduring

spirit of those who came before us.
I wish a happy Semiquincentennial to Martin County.
Here's to another

250 years of heritage, community, and boundless possibility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE ONZLEE WARE

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Judge

Onzlee Ware, who passed away on February 10, 2024, at the age of 70.
He was born in North Carolina on January 4, 1954, to the late Onzlee

McCrimmon and Edna Taylor.
While attending North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State

University, Onzlee was charged with possession of heroin and marijuana,

but later had those charges dropped when he agreed to become a police

informant.
A year later, it was revealed in court that he was an

informant.
Because of that revelation, he was subsequently shot and

critically wounded, eventually losing his left leg.
This harrowing

experience would shape the rest of his life and reinforce his belief in

second chances.
He would later come to Roanoke to work with Boy Scouts of America,

which is where we met.
He eventually became a lawyer, and we became

friends.
Our friendship was first cemented while spending hours

photocopying form files in my office.