My bill would enable appropriate,

permitted commercial filmmaking and photography of the Capitol, and

would create economic benefits for the Nation, the District of Columbia

and private businesses.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ROGER WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, due to a personal family matter,

I was unable to be in D.C. to vote on March 12, 2024.
Had I been

present, I would have voted ``Yea'' on Roll Call No.
84, and ``Yea'' on

Roll Call No.
85.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CARSON ROSS ON HIS RETIREMENT AS BLUE SPRING'S MAYOR

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a deep sense of gratitude that I

rise today to honor the lifelong public service career of Mr. Carson

Ross, who has served as the mayor of the city of Blue Springs since

2008.
Mr. Ross will be retiring as the first African American Mayor of

Blue Springs, Missouri.
Mr. Ross's dedication to public service is

truly exemplary.
Before he began his distinguished career, Mr. Ross was a graduate of

Bradley County High School, attended the University of Arkansas--Pline

Bluff, and later received a Bachelor of Science in Business

Administration from Rockhurst University in 1977.
He began his career

as a public servant in 1981, when he was elected to the Blue Springs

Board of Aldermen where he served Districts 2 and 3 for eight

consecutive years as Alderman and one year as Mayor Pro Tem.
To further

grow his expertise and leadership skills, he went on to serve on the

Legislative Branch of the State of Missouri and was elected to the

Missouri House of Representatives to represent the 55th District.
Under

this capacity, Mr. Ross served for a total of 14 years in Missouri's

House of Representatives and as a testament of his abilities as a

leader, served as the Republican Whip in 1991 through 1992.
As a result of his work ethic and dedication to serving his

community, Mr. Ross was recognized as one of Kansas City's most

influential African Americans by the Kansas City Globe in 1995 and

1996.
Furthermore, his influence and impact did not go unnoticed when

he received the Outstanding Legislator Award in 1996 by the Missouri

Federation Grand Order of Pachyderms and the 1997 state award by the

Kansas City Globe as the Most Influential African American.
Beyond his role as a legislator, Mr Ross worked with Hallmark Cards

after having an illustrious career of 39 years with the company, where

he held various positions.
Additionally, he has served the city of Blue

Springs in various capacities outside of Mayor through his

participation on various boards including as Chairman of the Blue

Springs Personnel Board, President of St. Mary's Medical Center Board

of Associates, a founding member of Summit Bank of Kansas City Board of

Trustees, among many more.
As Mayor of Blue Springs for sixteen years, Mr. Ross focused on ways

that he could better his community and his selfless spirit of service

is displayed throughout his career.
His historical achievement of

becoming the city's first Black Mayor serves as an image of resiliency

and determination to break through barriers and lay the groundwork for

future leaders.
As children look towards future careers and

occupations, they will know that they too are capable of being Mayor

and a public servant, even if that means being the first to do so.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Mr.

Ross for his tremendous accomplishments, his commitment, and tireless

community service.
His immense impact will continue through the

multitude of lives he has impacted.
On behalf of Missouri's Fifth

Congressional District, I wish Mr. Ross great joy and relaxation in

retirement as Mayor.