Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing Mr.

Ross for his tremendous accomplishments, his commitment, and tireless

community service.
His immense impact will continue through the

multitude of lives he has impacted.
On behalf of Missouri's Fifth

Congressional District, I wish Mr. Ross great joy and relaxation in

retirement as Mayor.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PLYMOUTH ROTARY'S 100TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Rotary Club

of Plymouth, the oldest and largest service organization in Plymouth,

Michigan.
Rotary Club of Plymouth's 100-year commitment to serving the

local community is admirable and worthy of recognition.
Founded in 1924 as a chapter of Rotary International, the club is a

non-profit organization funded solely by fundraising events in the

Plymouth area and charitable contributions from members of the club and

those who support its mission of advancing local education, community,

and worldwide efforts.
The Plymouth chapter strives to help its members

in their own journeys to advance community though understanding,

goodwill, and peace through healthcare improvements, providing quality

education, improving the environment, and alleviating poverty.
In 1957,

the Rotary Club of Plymouth established the Plymouth Rotary Foundation

to invest its donations in service projects, and since its inception

the foundation has invested more than $1.9 million in local education

scholarships and community projects.
Today, Rotary Club of Plymouth continues to hold annual events

including barbeques, golf outings, and art fairs to raise the funds it

needs to positively impact the local community.
They raise over

$100,000 every year to support local park projects, scholarships, food

bank fulfillment, clean drinking water programs, and COVID vaccination

check-ins.
Additionally, the group sponsors an annual bingo competition

with local shops and restaurants to encourage residents to shop and

dine at small businesses as a way of growing the local community Recent

fundraising is expected to result in over $50,000 in educational

scholarships to be distributed this Spring to local high schoolers who

overcame significant challenges to graduate high school to help them

pursue higher education Their commitment to public service only

continues to grow by teaching students to become the next generation of

community leaders.
Rotary Club of Plymouth's work to build the local community, help

small businesses grow, and instill a commitment to public service over

the past 100 years is inspiring.
They are a true example of community

over self and dedication to the common good.
I know that more success

is to come, and I cannot wait to see all that they accomplish in the

future.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VICKI TURNBOW'S RETIREMENT

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, it is with significant appreciation that I

rise today to celebrate the distinguished career of Vicki Turnbow, who

has served as the President of the Raytown Area Chamber of Commerce in

Raytown, Missouri since 2007.
As a volunteer, member of the Board of

Directors, and staff member, Vicki has worked diligently to promote

economic development in Raytown while holding numerous positions within

the Raytown Chamber.
I ask that we take a moment to reflect on Vicki's

abundant accomplishments and commitment to promoting economic growth as

her retirement nears.
Vicki's role as President of the Raytown Chamber of Commerce requires

the oversight and leadership of two non-profit organizations, the

Raytown Chamber of Commerce Building Foundation and the Raytown Area

Chamber of Commerce and Tourism.
The former owns the land and building

of the Raytown Chamber`s office, while the latter works to provide

year-long benefits to members.
Vicki's diverse and robust skill set

have set her up for success in this role, as she is tasked with

managing advocacy, networking events, community engagement, business

resources, and community resources and maintaining a balanced budget

for the Raytown Chamber.