My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the damage that potholes can cause for all road users.
We have committed record money to fixing this issue and to enabling councils to get on with this work.
All local authorities should have their own standards of road maintenance service and inspection in line with local needs and priorities.
However, I do want to update the Department’s guidance to local authorities on how best to look after their highways networks and ensure best practice is followed, and so that there are common minimum standards so that all road users know what they can expect.
I also welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place.
Many of my constituents in Wolverhampton West complain not only about the number of potholes in our roads but about the standard of repairs, with some potholes reappearing shortly after they have been repaired.
While the £1.6 billion of funding for councils is very welcome, will she please confirm what other steps the Government are taking to ensure that our roads are always well maintained to avoid the risks of injury to people and damage to vehicles?
We agree that local authorities should not just patch potholes, but focus on long-term preventive programmes for repairing and maintaining all parts of the highway network, including footpaths, pavements and bridges.
We will require local authorities to follow best practice to get the full funding uplift, and we will update the guidance document “Well-managed Highway Infrastructure: A Code of Practice” to support local authorities in that and to emphasise the importance of proactive preventive measures.
Potholes plague the streets of Thurrock and are a daily reminder of 14 years of Conservative neglect.
Stifford Clays, where my own tentative attempts to learn to drive took place, is particularly bad, but the effects are felt throughout my constituency.
I am pleased that the Secretary of State is tackling this issue, with  £4 million committed for Thurrock specifically.
Will she tell me how much motorists in Thurrock could save under Labour’s plans?
Our broken roads have long been a national embarrassment, and a proper fund to fix our roads has long been overdue.
In answer to my hon.
Friend’s specific question, RAC data shows that the average cost of pothole-related damage to vehicles is about £500, with severe repairs often costing much more.
The Government’s extra funding for local highways maintenance next year could therefore save individual motorists in Thurrock hundreds of pounds, if not more.
Local residents tell me of their frustration at the epidemic level of potholes across my constituency after 14 years of failure to grasp the problem.
Motorists are all too often the ones who will pay the price.
Does the Secretary of State agree that local councils like Northumberland, North Tyneside and Newcastle in my constituency will benefit from proper long-term funding to allow them to plan works and carry out repairs?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
We need to get the basics right as a country, and fixing our roads is the first step to getting our economy firing on all cylinders.
We did see a decade of decline and under-investment under the previous Conservative Government.
The additional £500 million that we have allocated, if it were all used to fill potholes, would fill another 7 million potholes every year, smashing our manifesto commitment to provide funding for an extra 1 million.
Whether on Silverdale Road, Rodmill Drive, Quebec Close or Ceylon Place, potholes litter our roads in Eastbourne after years of neglect by the Conservative county council.
Indeed, the Mirzas at my local garage have replaced my tyre a number of times, and I thank them for it.
We also have a ridiculous situation where potholes right next to each other are not sorted out at the same time.
Will the Secretary of State urge East Sussex county council to stop that wasteful practice and ensure that Eastbourne benefits from its fair share of the nearly £300 million granted to the south-east to tackle potholes?
I have been clear that local transport authorities should use the money in a way that provides excellent value for money for the taxpayer, and the situation that the hon.
Member described does concern me.
We have waited a long time for this level of investment to come forward, and I am keen to see local authorities such as his cracking on with the job and making sure that motorists—all road users, for that matter—have safe, smooth roads that they can travel on.
The roads in Wokingham, like everywhere else in the country, have deteriorated in the last few years.
We need to stop potholes, not just fix them, and that means regularly resurfacing roads.
The unfunded backlog of resurfacing left by the Conservatives in Wokingham is about £16 million and getting bigger; nationally, it is £14 billion.
When will the Minister’s Department deliver proper funding for Wokingham’s roads?
I disagree slightly with the hon.
Gentleman, because I think a £500 million uplift is proper funding—it represents, on average, a 40% increase, and it takes the overall amount of funding up to £1.8 billion.
However, I do agree with his substantive point.
Some of this money should be used for proactive preventative road resurfacing, because in some cases that will provide the best value for money for the taxpayer.
Hundreds of local authority roads across the country include half-joint bridges built in the 1960s and 1970s that are now dangerously unsafe.
They include the Brigsteer Road and Underbarrow Road bridges leading out of Kendal, which have been closed for the last six months, causing great inconvenience to the local community.
They were built with Government funding 50 or 60 years ago, but local councils are unable to replace them with the funds available to them now.
Will the Secretary of State meet representatives of Westmorland and Furness council as a matter of urgency, so that the bridges can be reopened and our communities can be reconnected quickly?
I will ask my colleague the Minister for the Future of Roads to have that meeting with the council.
However, the additional money that we have provided, and the individual allocations that were announced before Christmas, can be used not just for road maintenance, but for bridges and pavements.