A Thame to Haddenham cycleway would transform how residents of Thame get to the local railway station.
However, active travel funding from central Government is essential to get such schemes off the ground.
Will the Secretary of State commit to increasing the active travel budget beyond what has been announced to truly revolutionise rural cycling?
The hon.
Member will be aware that close to £100 million was announced in the recent Budget.
We will work closely with Active Travel England to ensure that that money is put to good effect across the country.
The nationalisation of ScotRail has been another SNP transport fiasco.
The Scottish Government’s flagship £25 million scheme to boost the amount of freight transported by rail failed to achieve growth.
Their mismanagement of ScotRail and their own budget has led to a double-whammy price hike for passengers, with the return of peak fares at the same time as price rises.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, at a time when we need better trains to boost growth and reduce emissions, the SNP has instead consigned Scotland to a spiral of decline and let my constituents down?
I agree.
We will not make the same mistakes when we take train operating companies into public ownership.
We will do it properly.
It is a massive undertaking, but we will make our railways a system for the whole country to be proud of.
Since Brexit and the reinstatement of duty-free shopping, UK travellers have spent nearly 50% more on their duty-free shopping, all in the EU.
Not a penny has supported jobs or investment in Scottish airports, or those in the wider UK.
Does the Minister agree that a way to repatriate those sales and support the travel sector to invest in jobs at international gateways would be introducing arrival duty free, and will he work with the Treasury and the travel sector to achieve that?
Changes made during the pandemic crippled airport duty-free shopping.
I will get the hon.
Member a more detailed letter on the matter.
York’s advanced digital and advanced rail cluster can really boost our economy with the innovations that it is bringing, as well as providing 5,500 jobs in York.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can bring it into her strategy for developing the rail industry?
I will.
I know that my hon.
Friend represents the proud railway city of York, as I represent the proud railway town of Swindon.
I look forward to having that meeting with her.
The Skipton East Lancashire Rail Action Partnership campaign group has long been advocating, as have I, for a new rail link between Skipton and Colne, because it will bring huge benefits to the likes of Keighley, for both freight and passengers.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this long ongoing campaign that I have been advocating for?
I would be happy to.
In South Shields, not only is our public transport expensive, we have to suffer constant metro delays, tunnel closures and replacement bus breakdowns.
This Christmas, our roads were completely cut off.
Will my right hon.
Friend please meet me to discuss these long-standing ongoing issues?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I have already met a number of Members of Parliament in the Gateshead area about some of the recent problems with the flyover, and met the Mayor for the region.
When HS2 was cancelled, the last Government set aside £1 billion for Teesside to protect our iconic transporter bridge, deliver a new train station for Teesside Park, upgrade the train station at Thornaby, and much more.
We are six months in now.
Can the Secretary of State tell me whether we will get the money, or is the Labour party pulling the plug on investment in Teesside?
We are six months in.
The Conservative party had 14 years.
Those promises are worth nothing without a plan to deliver.
In Hastings, Rye and the villages, we have some of the worst potholes in the country, so I welcome the record £21 million awarded to east Sussex to fill potholes.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling on Conservative-run East Sussex county council to fill the potholes, and ensure that Hastings and Rye gets its fair share of that funding?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty campaigner for her local area, and I fully endorse her efforts to get money to fix the broken roads in her constituency.
In Hale and Badshot Lea, in the northernmost parts of my constituency, many residents can only get into Farnham town centre using the bus service.
There is concern, given the increased amount of building, and future building under the new Government’s plans, that bus services will not be adequate.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the plans for north Farnham, and Badshot Lea and Hale?
Buses are of course the most commonly used mode of public transport in Britain, and the lifeblood of our communities.
I will be more than happy to meet the hon.
Member.
While welcoming rail renationalisation, may I ask what can be done to expedite investment in crucial rail infrastructure developments, such as the Haughley junction in my constituency, taking traffic off the A14 and possibly facilitating Bury St Edmunds to London trains?
Was the previous Prime Minister’s promise to redeploy funds from the cancelled HS2 realistic?
We spend about £2 billion a year on rail enhancement projects.
We will be looking carefully through the spending review at all proposals that get freight off the roads and increase the availability of passenger services.
I am delighted to see that you are proudly wearing the newly formed Royal Army Medical Service tie, Mr Speaker.
In Solihull West and Shirley, the new year has been welcomed by increases in bus fares and reductions in services.
In places such as Cheswick Green, people are faced with choosing between either more expensive and difficult journeys or not being able to get to work, the shops or college.
Given the Government’s stated ambitions, what assessment has the Minister made of the economic impact of the policy?
Conservative Members had no plans or funding put aside to continue with the bus fare cap beyond 2024.
We have secured £151 million to ensure that buses remain affordable for many.
In some areas, without that intervention fares could have risen by as much as 80%.