In yesterday’s extraordinary emergency statement from the Treasury to try to calm the markets, it paid tribute to the fact that the Government inherited the second-lowest debt in the G7.
Is the reason the Government Front Bench is so empty today and the Chancellor has fled to China that she has realised that her Budget means she now is the arsonist?
I must say I am rather surprised by the inflammatory language of the former Chair of the Treasury Committee, which is clearly no reflection of reality.
The Chancellor is going on her trip to China.
It has been well documented for many weeks, and it is an important visit for trade and investment in the UK economy.
May I say that there was no emergency statement or emergency intervention?
Those are make-believe words being propagated by Opposition Members.
The Treasury responded to requests from journalists about headroom, as we might do in the normal way.
There is no need for any emergency intervention, and there has not been one.
One would think, from listening to Opposition Members, that they had not crashed our economy and presided over high taxes, high debts and falling living standards, which affect my constituents and, I expect, some of theirs, too.
[Interruption.]
That is the Tory cycle.
Will the Minister confirm that the route out of that is growth, and that remains our No. 1 mission?
My hon.
Friend is right.
May I offer some probably unwelcome advice to Opposition Members?
The sooner they stop groaning and stop laughing about their performance when they were last in government, and the sooner they apologise for it, the sooner the British people might start listening to them again.
Public services are at breaking point after the previous Government’s mishandling of the economy and budgets locally.
However, does the Minister recognise that scaling back investment in vital public services risks even more devastating consequences for our local communities?
At the autumn Budget, the Chancellor invested in frontline public services, because we recognise that people rely on them, but also because functioning public services are an important route to growth in the economy.
If people are sick and cannot get to work, they need to be able to see a doctor in a timely fashion, so that they can get back to work.
That is the priority of this Government, as well as investing in modernising our public services, so that they are fit for the future.
My constituents suffered real hardship as a result of the disastrous mini-Budget pursued by the Conservative party.
Does the Chief Secretary to the Treasury agree that in order to improve living standards for my constituents, we must stick to our fiscal rules, maintain fiscal discipline and invest in our public services?
I very much agree.
That is why fiscal stability and economic responsibility are at the heart of this Labour Government and the Chancellor’s agenda.
Members on the Opposition Benches may want to pay attention to that.
There is no point beating around the bush: the Chancellor has just lost over £9.9 billion of headroom, and stands on the cusp of breaking her own fiscal rules.
She said last year that she would not come back for more tax rises.
Will the Chief Secretary be honest and admit, just as the former Bank of England rate setter Martin Weale said today, that this leaves only the option of more austerity?
Will he level with people about when and where the next round of cuts will fall?
As I said, the fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
The only reliable sources on future financing will be the OBR forecast on  26 March , the conclusion of the spending review in June, and the Budget, which the Chancellor will present in the autumn.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned austerity, but I remind him that this Labour Government have given the Scottish Parliament the largest real-terms increase in funding since devolution.
He should be grateful for that.
This Labour Government have been in power for six months, and we are having to deal with 14 years of Conservative chaos.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that the Government’s plan for change, which aims to provide a stable economy and raise living standards in every part of the United Kingdom, and has economic growth as the No. 1 mission, is the right approach to ensure that the United Kingdom can weather the global uncertainty that we face?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Let me set out the difference that the British people will experience.
At the end of 14 years of Conservative Government, they had higher mortgages, higher bills, a higher cost of living and public services on their knees.
At the end of this Labour Government, pointing towards the next general election, as set out in the Prime Minister’s plan for change, they will have more money in their pocket, public services will be functioning again, and they will be proud once again of their Government, and of the British economy.
Having listened very carefully to the right hon.
Gentleman’s responses, I believe that he is making a more significant statement than many of his colleagues might realise.
By underlining that there will not be any tax or borrowing increases, he is, in effect, saying that austerity is back, because there is no way that the public finances can be remedied by another Budget of wishful thinking that pretends that increased borrowing and spending will produce growth.
That is once again being proved by a Labour Government to be a false way of leading the economy.
I am always grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for thinking that I am making such substantive interventions, and for his continued support in that respect.
This is not austerity, as he will know full well.
Austerity was ideological cuts to public financing and the size of the state.
It was 3% cuts, irrespective of what that meant for public services or for people across the country.
That is far from what the Chancellor unveiled in her autumn Budget.
That was the absolute opposite of austerity; we increased financing for frontline public services, and will continue to do so.
Will the Chief Secretary outline the steps that this Government have already taken to fix the fiscal foundations and put this country on a stronger footing for growth?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Why did we have to take that action?
Why was this Government’s first Bill about fiscal responsibility?
It was because of the mess that Conservative Members left this country in.
That is why we have given the Office for Budget Responsibility stronger, independent powers of oversight in statute—something that the shadow Chancellor presumably welcomed, given his comments criticising Liz Truss and her Budget when he was Chair of the Treasury Committee.
We brought that change forward, which the Conservative party failed to do.
That is why we have set fiscal rules that are non-negotiable, why public services must live within their means, and why the Government’s absolute focus is on securing growth, investment, reform and long-term sustainability for public finances.
Is the Chief Secretary aware that the last two months’ GDP figures, for September and October, are both down?
Is he aware that sterling is falling—in fact, almost collapsing?
Confidence is falling and investors are fleeing.
The only things going up are inflation, wasteful public spending and the cost of debt.
Be under no illusion: we are heading towards a financial crisis.
Will he ask the Chancellor to return from her ridiculous trip to China, to reverse course, and to cut daft spending and wasteful regulations, so that we can create some growth?
I think the question was whether I was going to demand that the Chancellor come back from her trade trip to China.
I will not, no.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that there is an irony in the Conservatives raising concerns about the cost of borrowing, when they oversaw debt rising from 64.7% of GDP to more than 96% of GDP and left a £22 billion unfunded black hole in public finances—and now continue to oppose the tough decisions that we are making on tax and spend to fix their mess?
That is exactly why our fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
While the Conservatives borrowed to pay the bills every month because they did not have enough money to pay for all their promises, this Government are investing in the future of our country, whether through reforming public services or investing in infrastructure and opportunities for growth.
That is exactly the right approach to the economy; it is what our fiscal rules demand, and what we will be held to.
Next has said that it will increase prices by 1%, directly because of the increases to national insurance contributions, and has warned of slowing growth.
With business confidence plummeting, gilts at a 26-year high and growth stagnating, do the Government still maintain that they have an iron grip on public finances, or will they admit that their Budget has done exactly what the Conservatives warned: increase costs, increase prices and reduce growth?
The question was whether the Government have an iron grip on public finances; the answer is yes.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that the only way that we can wrest the economy out of the clutches of the Conservatives’ doom loop is to go for growth?
The Government’s new industrial strategy will be a core foundation underpinning that growth.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Our industrial strategy, through which we will invest alongside businesses and industries of the future, and our infrastructure strategy, which sets out how we will get Britain building again, are two examples of the Government playing their part by bringing economic and political stability.
By, for example, reforming the planning system, we will unlock billions of pounds of private sector investment in UK plc—something that did not happen under the previous Government.
I completely sympathise with the Chief Secretary about the incredible brass neck of the official Opposition.
He talks about kick-starting growth, but can he give us any evidence that growth has been kick-started?
Does he not realise that the only way to kick-start growth in the near future is to re-engage with Europe?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that this Government’s approach to stimulating growth in the economy is about stability, investment and reform—the political and economic stability the Chancellor has brought to this country; the investment from private sector partners, as well as from the state, where appropriate; and the reform of policy areas such as the planning system, or the financial services reform that the Chancellor set out in her Mansion House speech.
He is also right, of course, that we need to improve our trading relationship with countries around the world, which is why the Chancellor is going to China today, and why we have begun negotiations with our friends in the European Union on how we can improve our relationship on a whole host of issues, including trade, energy, defence and security.
Does the Chief Secretary agree that the Conservatives, having added gutter politics to their fantasy economics and unfunded spending commitments, can no longer call themselves the party of decency in public life, and of sound money?
Yes.
It is deeply disappointing that the Chancellor is not here to answer questions in the House on such an important topic, so I shall have to ask my question to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury instead.
It is quite a simple one.
Will he stand by the Chancellor’s comment that she will not come back with more tax increases?
I am sorry to disappoint the right hon.
Member, but I will answer the question none the less.
She asked me whether I stand by the Chancellor’s statements, and the answer is yes.
I want us to get serious for a minute here.
[Interruption.]
Many of my constituents in North East Derbyshire, who will have just heard the guffawing from the Opposition, have been really struggling with the cost of living crisis.
They voted the Government in, and we are committed to restoring the foundations of our economy.
Will the Minister assure me that we are doing everything we can to deliver on that promise?
It is absolutely right that the Labour Government are bringing fiscal and economic stability back to this country, because we know that when you play fast and loose with the nation’s finances, you play fast and loose with family finances.
That is what voters in every constituency experienced when the Conservatives were last in government.
They will not experience that under this Labour Government.
We are looking at higher interest rates, lower growth and a higher cost of borrowing to the Government; as my hon.
and right hon.
Friends have said, we are grateful to  the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for being so honest with the House.
It is clear that if he sticks to his word, there will not be any more borrowing, or any more tax rises.
Given the numbers, that leaves only one option: cuts in public services.
I wonder whether his colleagues behind him on the Government Benches realise that reality.
What word other than “austerity” will he use to describe it?
As I have said, it seems that the Conservative party is proud of its record on austerity.
We do not support austerity, which was blind ideological cuts to public services—3% cuts—irrespective of the outcome for the people who rely on public services.
The Chancellor increased investment in public services at the Budget in the autumn, and we will continue to increase investment in them, because we need to get them back on their feet, and they are an important foundation for economic growth.
I am pleased that the right hon.
Gentleman recognises my statements, and says that they are honest, because of course they are.
I look forward to coming back to the House in future months and years to show him the progress that the Government are making.
It is a relief for me and my constituents in Doncaster Central that we finally have a Labour Government providing economic stability and investing in the industry of the future.
[Interruption.]
It is all right for Conservative Members to chunter, but after the mess they made, a period of silence on their part is warranted.
Will my right hon.
Friend lay out the action that he will take to ensure that all regions of the country, including places like Doncaster and South Yorkshire, benefit from growth?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that the Government are in the service of working people.
What does that mean?
It means that people’s lives—the money they have in their pocket, and the ability to pay the bills, get a roof over their head and seek opportunity—are at the very heart of what it means to be in the Labour party and in this Labour Government.
Conservative Members might not have suffered from higher mortgage bills or worried about the cost of living during their supermarket shop each month, but people across the country did, and they suffered as a consequence of the Conservatives’ behaviour.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s comment that they should have a period of silence while they learn the lessons.
I think that I heard the Chief Secretary say that the Chancellor has not gone to China.
Will he confirm first that she is still planning to go?
Secondly, if she has not gone to China yet, why is she not here?
Lots of people would like to hear from her.
Thirdly, has the Chancellor talked to the Governor of the Bank of England about market turbulence at any point in the last seven days?
The Chancellor is going to China, as has been well documented.
Again, I am sorry that it disappoints the hon.
Member that I am here.
I refer him and his colleagues to the urgent question, which is about a statement on borrowing costs and public finances.
He will know that I am the Minister for public finances, which is why I am here answering his questions.
Will the Chief Secretary to the Treasury confirm that the Government’s No. 1 mission is still growth?
That is the only way that we can break out of the Tory inheritance of low growth, high borrowing, high taxes and squeezed living standards for people in my constituency in Livingston, and across the UK.