I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to her post, and look forward to helping her to do an excellent job.
As we can see following the last few days of flooding, changing weather patterns are damaging our roads and increasing potholes.
The last Government allocated an additional £8 billion for road improvements, paid for by the cancellation of the northern leg of HS2, yet all we have seen from Labour is a commitment of £1.8 billion for this financial year.
Will the Secretary of State commit to matching the additional £8 billion for road maintenance?
We are more than matching the commitments made by the previous Government.
Let me say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that his commitment in respect of resurfacing roads falls into exactly the same category as the promise to provide 40 new hospitals, and a range of other commitments that proved not to be worth the paper they were written on.
They were fantasy figures, unlike the Labour party’s promise to deliver change.
An additional £500 million is coming into our highways maintenance budgets, so that people across the country can see that change delivered to their local areas.
I do not know about you, Mr Speaker, but I am not sure whether that was a commitment to match the £8 billion, or whether the Secretary of State considered it to be a fantasy commitment.
However, it is not just the £8 billion investment that seems to have gone missing.
As soon as they were in power, the Labour Government cancelled the A27 bypass, the Stonehenge tunnel, improvements to the A47 in Great Yarmouth, the A1 from Morpeth to Ellingham, junction 8 of the  M27 at Southampton, and other projects.
That is £3.3 billion axed from works to help motorists.
What have they done with the money?
Has Labour prioritised pay rises for unions over improving roads and helping motorists?
The truth of the matter is that when this Government came to office, we inherited a raft of half-baked, unfunded schemes that we are having to work through to provide a sensible pipeline of infrastructure improvements for our country.
I will take no lessons from the hon.
Gentleman about investment in our national infrastructure.
What steps she is taking to help prevent road closures when roadworks are not taking place.
I am delighted to confirm that, as part of the £1.6 billion investment in highways maintenance that the Government announced before Christmas, we will clamp down on disruptive works by doubling fixed penalty notices for utility companies that fail to comply with rules and extending charges for works that overrun into weekends.
I draw Members’ attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Drivers in my constituency are sick to death of the endless road closures and temporary traffic lights when no works are taking place.
Will the Minister demand that utility companies do everything in their power to get roads open as quickly as possible, particularly when they have dug them up under the emergency procedure?
Absolutely.
There can be legitimate reasons why works are sometimes left unoccupied—for example, when they are waiting for materials to cure or gas to vent—but I take the hon.
Member’s point, particularly where utilities are using emergency procedures unnecessarily.
We have examined Street Manager data and spoken to industry representatives and found no evidence of misuse.
None the less, given the number of urgent works—which are, of course, not unrelated to the appalling state of our roads left by the previous Government—we will see what more can be done to ensure that these works are managed and communicated to road users properly.
Roadworks plague my constituency.
A significant issue is that utility companies dig up the roads without requiring council permission, and they often leave these sites incomplete while different teams carry out their work, causing chaos and congestion in the process.
We frequently face the absurd situation where there are roadworks on diversion routes for roadworks.
Does the Minister agree that we need to require utility companies to co-ordinate with councils to properly plan this maintenance work and complete their projects in a timely manner, in order to avoid congestion?
My hon.
Friend is proving a great champion for road users in his constituency.
The simple answer to his question is yes.
Local authorities already  have a legal duty to co-ordinate all works on their network, and utility companies have a duty to co-operate, and we will ensure that they do so.
What steps she is taking to help improve the accessibility of public transport.
We are working with industry to deliver a transport network that puts passengers and their needs at its heart.
The new aviation accessibility task and finish group, for example, brings together industry and consumer advocates with first-hand experience to improve accessibility in air travel.
The Government will take advantage of the benefits of a unified rail network to deliver a more reliable and consistent customer experience for everyone with accessibility needs, and our buses Bill will make bus travel more accessible and inclusive, including by extending the requirements for relevant bus staff to undertake disability training.