The Government stepped in to ensure that bus fares would not explode at the beginning of this year, when the £2 fare cap that the previous Government legislated for ran out.
In the worst-case scenario, costs on some services could have increased by 650%, and it was important that we took that action to ensure such fare rises were avoidable.
I advise her local authority to work through any issues with the regional mayor.
It is vital that we see transport authorities of all types collaborating to ensure that we have good, high-frequency, high-quality bus services for local people to go about their daily lives.
May I also welcome the Secretary of State to her place?
It is a delight to see her there.
I wonder if she might help me.
In circumstances where a mayor does not want to embrace the opportunities of the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill and fully re-regulate, as in the Tees Valley, will she give some consideration to providing a power in forthcoming legislation for the public to overreach that?
Will she consider that option?
A number of options are outlined in the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill, which had its Second Reading in the other place yesterday, including franchising options, enhanced local bus partnerships and municipal ownership of bus companies.
While my hon.
Friend’s suggestion is not currently in the Bill, I gently point out to him that there would have to be an authority to let contracts, including with private providers.
While I am happy to explore options, we need to think through the practicalities of suggestions such as his.
Cullompton and Wellington railway stations were two of the most advanced of all the programmes in the restoring your railway fund.
The existing local transport authorities have already invested in getting us to the stage of a full business case, with a high benefit-cost ratio of 3.67.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this programme is in no way disadvantaged compared with those transport authorities in urban areas that have mayors?
We consider business cases for rail enhancements fairly, and no undue advantage would be given to the areas that the hon.
Gentleman suggested.
I was fortunate in my first couple of weeks in this job to  visit the opening of the Northumberland line, which provides services up to Ashington.
I know what an invaluable difference the improved connectivity on the rail network can provide.
I would be happy to talk to him about his schemes.
If she will review the UK’s participation in the European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service programme.
The Department for Transport is working with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology to consider options for the UK’s access to a navigation system of this type, which lapsed following Brexit.
This work is ongoing, and no decision has been made at this time.
I also welcome the Secretary of State to her new role, and I look forward to working across party boundaries where possible.
EGNOS is a satellite enhancement system for GPS.
Prior to Brexit, Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd, which is headquartered in my constituency, had been working with National Air Traffic Services on developing the use of the system, and invested a lot of time and effort.
It would increase mapping accuracy and, vitally, enable planes flying lifeline air services to land in a broader range of circumstances, improving service and reliability.
As the Minister said, that work has stalled since Brexit, but the Government can re-engage with the programme should they choose, as it is open to non-EU members.
Will the Minister commit to doing that?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for putting this on my radar.
[Interruption.]
Too early?
[Laughter.]
Don’t give up the day job.
It is an important issue.
We are considering the costs and benefits of all options, and it is very good particularly for regional airports.
We are working with the EU to identify areas where we can strengthen co-operation for mutual benefit, but it is still too early to discuss that specific area in detail.
I hope to come back to the House at a later time with a more considered view.
What steps she is taking to help improve road safety for vulnerable road users.
I assure the hon.
Member that this Government treat road safety with the utmost seriousness.
We are committed to reducing the number of those killed and seriously injured on our roads.
My Department is developing our road safety strategy, and will set out further details in due course.
I join others in welcoming the Secretary of State to her place.
Bikeability is the world’s largest road safety programme.
Recent data from the Bikeability Trust showed that in areas with higher levels of training for children, the number of people killed or seriously injured on the roads decreased.
Does the Minister agree that Bikeability training is an essential life skill that everyone should have access to, and will she commit to joining me on a visit to a local Oxfordshire school to see the scheme in action?
A total of 1.6 million people have participated in Active Travel England’s training programmes, including a record half a million children receiving cycle training last year.
I am a keen cyclist and, having been knocked off my bike in the last couple of years, I understand how important it is to feel confident about cycling safely.
I would be happy to join the hon.
Member to see some of that work in action.
I warmly welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place.
A couple of years ago, some children in my constituency started a campaign about a really dangerous stretch of road where cars speed and there is no pedestrian crossing.
Tragically, a few months ago, one of those children lost her grandmother to a car crash on that very stretch of road.
This is devastating for families and communities.
What steps are the Government taking to make our roads safer?