The performance we have just seen was a slightly anxious and breathless one, which leads me to the question: where is the Chancellor?
It is a bitter regret that at this difficult time and given these serious issues, she herself is nowhere to be seen.
In the last 48 hours, borrowing costs have reached a 27-year high, and it is the Chancellor’s decisions that have led us here.
Before the election, the right hon.
Lady promised that Labour would get debt falling, would not fiddle the figures, would not raise taxes and would grow the economy, but the economy is now flatlining.
Survey after survey is showing that business confidence has simply evaporated, and at the Budget, the Chancellor hiked up taxes, increased borrowing by an average of £32 billion a year across the forecast, and conveniently adjusted her fiscal rules to allow her to do so.
Higher debt and lower growth are understandably now causing real concerns among the public, among businesses and in the markets, and despite what the Chief Secretary has said about international factors, the premium on our borrowing costs compared with German bonds recently hit its highest level since 1990.
With those rising costs, regrettably, the Government may now be on course to breach their fiscal rules.
The Chancellor has committed to no further tax rises, so does the right hon.
Gentleman stand by her commitment not to increase taxes even further?
If so, does that mean that the public should expect cuts to public service spending if the OBR judges that her fiscal headroom has evaporated?
There are media reports that the Chancellor will make an emergency intervention to soothe markets, but with no confirmation that such a statement will occur in this House.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman confirm that any such statement will be made first to Members in this House?
Rates on Government bonds ultimately feed through to the broader credit market, so what estimates has the Treasury made of how recent market movements will impact mortgage costs and lending across the economy?
I will make one final point, Mr Speaker.
Every pound that we spend on debt interest is money that we cannot spend on the public’s priorities.
The Government’s decision to let rip on borrowing means that their own tax rises will end up being swallowed up by higher borrowing costs, at no benefit to the British people.
Far from this Government laying the foundations for a stronger economy, the Chancellor is squandering the endeavours of millions of hard-working people up and down our country, who are now having to pay the price for yet another socialist Government taxing and spending their way into trouble.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman not now accept that it is time to change course?
I am pleased that the right hon.
Gentleman enjoyed my performance—I have not even had my first cup of coffee yet this morning.
Let me answer some of his questions.
[Interruption.]
Conservative Members might like to listen, if the questions are so important to them.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me about the fiscal rules.
As I said in my statement, those rules are non-negotiable.
As the Chancellor set out at the Budget, we have two fiscal rules: first, that day-to-day spending should be met by tax receipts, and secondly, that debt should be falling as a share of the economy.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked about the debt burden that this country has.
Maybe we should reflect a little on why we have so much debt—[Interruption.]
From pre-pandemic, Mr Speaker.
Let us look at the burden of debt inherited by this Government from the Conservatives.
From 2010 onwards, why did the last Government have to borrow so much money every single month, not just to invest but to pay the day-to-day bills?
Because of an absolute failure to get growth into the economy.
They could not make the numbers add up.
They stacked up the country’s credit card and left it to the Labour party to deal with, and we are going to deal with it.
That is why those fiscal rules are non-negotiable, and it is why public spending will be within the numbers set out at the Budget.
We are starting the spending review now, and it will conclude in June.
Public services will have to live within their means—the Chancellor has been very clear about that.
That is why with this Government, you get economic stability and absolute clarity on public spending.
That is why the British people trust this party and booted that lot out of office.