The residents of Wareham, just along from Bournemouth, have been trying to get electronic gates for 20 years.
Network Rail’s latest excuse is that it is for the Office of Rail and Road, and the Office of Rail and Road says that it is for Network Rail.
Will the Secretary of State meet me so that we can bang heads together and get this resolved once and for all?
I will certainly ask the Rail Minister to take that meeting.
Pavement parking is a massive issue in many of our towns and cities, particularly for people faced with sight loss and for parents trying to push buggies.
All of us here benefit from the pavement parking ban in London, but given that it is over four years since the consultation closed, is it time to give towns and cities across England the power to enforce a pavement parking ban if they so wish?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this problem.
We will publish a formal response to the consultation, which the previous Government shamefully failed to act on.
We will announce next steps for pavement parking policy in England in due course.
Upgrading Ely junction would deliver more passenger services to King’s Lynn in my constituency, boost freight and   unlock benefits of £5 for every £1 invested.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether that is a priority in the Department’s bid for the spending review?
We are working on a whole range of schemes in respect of the spending review, and I will provide the hon.
Gentleman with more information as soon as I have it.
Last year, Derbyshire was judged to be the worst county in the country for potholes, so one would think that the county council would welcome the record £76 million investment into our roads.
Can the Minister assure me that that money will make a real difference to our roads and pave the way for a better Britain?
Undoubtedly.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if she will make a statement on the growing pressure of borrowing costs on the public finances.
Where is she?
I am always grateful to see Conservative Members welcome me to the House.
Financial markets are always evolving, as the shadow Chancellor knows, so there is a long-standing convention that the Government do not comment on specific financial market movements, and I will not break that convention today.
Financial market movements, including changes in Government bond or gilt yields, which represent the Government’s borrowing costs, are determined by a wide range of international and domestic factors.
It is normal for the price and yields of gilts to vary when there are wider movements in global financial markets, including in response to economic data.
In recent months, moves in financial markets have been largely driven by data and global geopolitical events, which is to be expected as markets adjust to new information.
UK gilt markets continue to function in an orderly way.
Underlying demand for the UK’s debt remains strong, with a generally well-diversified investor base.
The Debt Management Office’s gilt sales operations continue to see strong demand.
The latest auction, held yesterday, received three times as many bids as the amount on offer.
The Chancellor has commissioned from the Office for Budget Responsibility an updated economic and fiscal forecast for  26 March  incorporating the latest data.
Only the OBR’s forecast can accurately predict the effect on the public finances of any changes in financial markets or the economy, and I will not pre-empt that forecast.
There should be no doubt of the Government’s commitment to economic stability and sound public finances.
That is why meeting the fiscal rules is non-negotiable.
May I end by saying that I am pleased that the shadow Chancellor is holding this Government to account on our stewardship of the economy?
It is important that he does so.
He will remember when his party crashed the economy with unfunded tax cuts, unrealistic public spending plans and a clear disregard for the consequences on family finances.
Families across the country are still paying the price for the Conservatives’ disastrous performance on the economy through higher mortgages and bills.
If there was one clear reason why the Conservative party suffered such an historic defeat at the last general election, it was their performance on the economy.
That is presumably why the shadow Chancellor himself admitted in December that the lack of trust in the Conservative party’s management of the economy has left a “deep and painful scar” in the pockets of every person across Britain.
Let me tell the House what has changed.
In our first six months, this Labour Government have exposed the £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
Not only have we exposed it, but we have dealt with it: the  Chancellor’s autumn Budget protects working people, wipes the slate clean of the mess the Conservative party left the country in, and invests in our NHS and schools.
We have given the independent Office for Budget Responsibility enhanced powers of oversight, in law, so that we never again get into the situation where that lot left the country: a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
We have set tough new fiscal rules that are non-negotiable, with a budget settlement for public services that they must all live within.
We have kick-started growth in this country—this Government’s No. 1 mission —by unlocking investment and bringing forward reforms, such as those to planning and in the Mansion House speech.
May I say to the shadow Chancellor that that work stands in stark contrast to the negligent and shameful horror of a circus performance that the Conservative party in government unleashed on this country only a few years ago?
Until he can come to the House with an apology for the British people, I will not take any lectures from the Conservative party about how to run the economy.