There are no current plans to introduce an express service between Bournemouth and London, but I will keep my hon.
Friend updated on the future plans regarding South Western Railway, which will become the first operator to be taken back into public ownership in May.
The residents of Wareham, just along the way from Bournemouth, have been waiting more than 20 years for electronic gates— Order.
This is a very niche question.
It is a very niche question, and I want to ask about the next railway line along from Bournemouth.
In which case, it does not count.
Thank you for that clarification.
Let us go to topical questions.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Transport is at the heart of this Government’s plan for change.
Since I joined the Department more than a month ago, we have introduced the Bus Services Bill, which will give transport authorities across the country the tools to take back control of local services.
We are bringing clarity and confidence to our automotive industry, with a consultation on how we will restore the 2030 phase-out date for new petrol and diesel cars.
We have also confirmed the first three train operators that will be brought under public control later this year.
We have delivered record funding to protect vital bus routes and keep fairs capped, and we smashed our manifesto target with a £1.6 billion investment to repair 7 million more potholes on Britain’s broken roads.
I am determined that our transport system delivers reliable, accessible journeys for all; enables the construction of millions of new homes; supports the jobs and industries of the future; and enables rising living standards for everyone in every part of Britain.
On those new bus routes, within the last hour, Stagecoach East has issued a statement about the delayed new tiger bus routes, citing the decision by  Cambridgeshire and Peterborough combined authority to retender the routes, inconsistencies in the award letter, concerns over the legality of the operation and the increased cost due to the Government’s national insurance increase as reasons for the delay until at least May.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern that bus services in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough are not being managed effectively by the Labour mayor?
I am happy to speak further with the hon.
Gentleman about his concerns regarding local bus services.
I know how critical bus services are for young people wanting to get to school, people wanting to get to work and older people wanting to access vital lifeline services.
I am happy to meet him to talk in more detail about his local concerns.
In Barrow and Furness, we often joke that we live at the end of the longest cul-de-sac in the UK.
The A590 and the A595 are lifelines for people in my constituency.
Our future growth, the nuclear deterrent and the emergency services depend on the roads working well, but we are often cut off.
Will the Minister therefore confirm the Government’s commitment to investing in the improved reliability of such critical pieces of infrastructure?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of those roads to her constituents.
I am working closely with National Highways and holding it to account for those parts of the road network, as well as working with local authorities to ensure that roads are reliable, well maintained and available.