I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have to pay day-to-day bills with the income we generate day to day.
The lesson that we learned from the Opposition was about what they were happy to do, but this Government are not.
They were happy to announce plans and programmes to make promises to the British people, even though they knew they did not have the money to pay for it.
That will never happen under this Labour Government.
When the Chancellor set the envelope for spending for this Parliament, and said to the Treasury Committee on  6 November  that she would not come back for more tax increases or more borrowing, that was based on her assumptions about the cost of borrowing.
Those are manifestly in significant doubt, to look at it in the most charitable way.
I have sat  in the Chief Secretary’s position, and I know he will want to equivocate and push decisions to the next OBR assessment and the next fiscal event, but the truth is surely this: this Government have to cut spending, increase taxes or borrow more.
If the cost of borrowing is increasing, that moment will come sooner.
Which of those choices is he inclined to make, and when will he tell the British people honestly what this Government have done?
I have been clear to the House, as has the Chancellor, that the fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
Public services will have to live within their means.
We set the Budget in the autumn last year, and we have the OBR forecasts coming in March.
Those are the numbers that Departments are working to in the spending review, and those are the numbers that we will hold public services to when we conclude the spending review in June.
We thought we knew the dire economic situation when the general election was called, but on entering government, we found the real consequences of the previous Tory Government’s addiction to unfunded spending announcements.
The people of Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West are paying the consequences for the Truss-Kwarteng economic crash.
With the imminent entry into the White House of a President also committed to significant unfunded tax cuts, the economic stability of the UK becomes even more important.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that this Government are absolutely committed to fiscal responsibility and rising living standards, and that the plan for growth will deliver both?