As police and crime commissioner for Lancashire, I invested significant amounts of money in increasing the resources available to target drink and drug drivers, which is a key plank in improving road safety.
It has become easier for police to target drug drivers over recent years, in particular through the advancement of technology, but while arrest rates have improved, charge rates are still lagging behind; it takes months for drug drivers, compared with weeks for drink drivers.
D.tec International is a Fylde company that provides all 43 police forces with DrugWipe kits.
It would like to use technology that is used in other European countries to improve charge rates through the use of roadside saliva testing.
Will the Minister meet me and D.tec International to look at how this technology could improve the speed with which we can get drug drivers banned and off our roads?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise concerns about the impact of drug driving.
Those affected by an impairment drug were involved in 13% of fatalities last year.
Just before Christmas, I went out with Jo Shiner, one of the leading police officers responsible for roads policing, and saw the work that is happening and heard about prosecutions, which the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
St Helens Road in my constituency has regrettably become the site of numerous serious car crashes, and local residents have raised their grave concerns with me about both speeding and dangerous driving.
How is the Minister working with local leaders in particular to drive improvements to road safety?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
Local authorities have a vital role to play; they are responsible for introducing road safety measures appropriate to their areas.
Of course, the Department is responsible for legislation and the guidance to help them to do so.
I continue to engage with local authorities to ensure we are providing them with the support they need to make our roads safer.
What steps her Department is taking to help maintain roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
The Government are determined to help local authorities in England to tackle the highways maintenance backlog that is the result of a decade of under-investment by the previous Government.
We are making an immediate start by providing an extra £500 million next year—an increase of nearly 50% compared with the current financial year.
The A1 is a vital road link for the Scottish Borders and Scotland to the rest of the United Kingdom, and Labour’s decision to scrap much-needed improvements will harm the local economy and stop businesses investing in jobs.
The local Labour MP,  the hon.
Member for North Northumberland (David Smith) , has said he was “disappointed and frustrated” by the decision of his Labour colleagues.
What do the Labour Government have against car drivers and truck users on roads in rural Scotland?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we have nothing against car drivers and truck users.
We appreciate the long-standing local desire for dualling the A1 from Morpeth to Ellingham, but I am sorry to say that in the assessment we carried out post the general election, it represented poor value for money.
There have been several delays to the development  consent order decision and the contractors were decommissioned more than two years ago.
In that time, scheme costs have risen significantly, making the scheme even less affordable and further worsening the value for money.
Having said that, I recognise that there are safety issues on the existing route, which we will need to look at carefully, as we would with any other part of the network.
However, that alone does not warrant the dualling scheme.