I was appalled to discover this morning that I have known the Secretary of State for the thick end of two decades.
We have had various exchanges in various other fora, but this is our first exchange across the Dispatch Box in this House.
I therefore warmly congratulate her on her appointment and welcome her to her place.
The Government promised to deliver more reliable rail services, but over Christmas, what did we see?
Chaos, cancellation and delays.
The train drivers, having accepted the Government’s no-strings pay deal, chose to turn down overtime shifts, leaving passengers stranded and left in the cold.
The Government’s no-strings agreement was supposed to bring stability to the railways, but it did the exact opposite, causing major disruption.
Will the Secretary of State admit that the pay deal that they thought would improve reliability in fact only made services worse?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words.
I remember those days on the London Councils transport and environment committee.
I hope he does not mind my saying that both he and I have a little bit more grey hair since then, which is not necessarily helped by this new job.
On the substance of the hon.
Gentleman’s question, I must vehemently disagree with him.
The reality is that this Government acted when the previous one refused  to do so, to put an end to the industrial action that was blighting our railways.
We had a two-year national rail strike that ground down everyone who travelled or worked on the railways, at a cost of £850 million in lost revenue.
He might take a lesson from the former Conservative Rail Minister, the former Member for Bexhill and Battle— We are on topicals.
The former Minister took to social media and apologised— Order.
I say to the Secretary of State gently that I had wanted to welcome her today, but I have to get through a lot of Members.
We are on topicals, which are short and punchy.
I call the shadow Secretary of State to give us a good example.
I note the Secretary of State’s answer, but, in the real world, we know that the Government’s union paymasters will keep pushing for more.
Labour’s plans to scrap the minimum service levels will give the unions more power to hold the railways hostage.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the Christmas chaos will not be a one-off, and will in fact be the start of an ongoing decline in reliability?
We have had decades of chaos on the railways, and railways that simply did not work for people.
What is needed is a fundamental reset with the trade unions to deliver improvements for passenger services.
From 7 November to 7 December, Northern Rail cancelled 460 services across the Tyne, Tees and Wear region.
An average of 20 services a day were either cancelled or short-formed during this period.
This is topicals.
I know.
Will the Secretary of State facilitate a meeting with the Rail Minister to put in place an urgent action plan and address the issues of staff shortages?
I know you could go on, but I am sure the Minister can answer that.
I, along with the Rail Minister, will be meeting the management of Northern Rail before the end of this month.