Mr. STANTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a remarkable public servant, leader, and civil rights trailblazer, Pastor Warren Stewart, Sr., on the occasion of his retirement as Senior Pastor at Arizona's First Institutional Baptist Church.
God called Pastor Stewart to Arizona 48 years ago, and he has been speaking truth to power in the state ever since.
Each Sunday, Pastor Stewart's sermons and service work inspired Arizonans to better their community and uplift their neighbors.
From the helm of Phoenix's oldest African American Baptist church, Pastor Stewart used his platform to advance justice and civil rights across our state.
His guiding principle: Jesus and Justice work together.
His advocacy is well illustrated by the battle to establish Martin Luther King, Jr. Day as a state holiday.
By 1992, Arizona was the last state refusing to recognize MLK Day, despite the federal holiday being signed into law nearly a decade prior.
Pastor Stewart fought to correct this, leading multiple movements to get the holiday initiative on the ballot.
He mobilized coalitions across political spectrums, religions, and cultural backgrounds to come together to win this historic, long overdue vote.
As the longest-serving leader of the First Institutional Baptist Church, Pastor Stewart has traveled extensively, preaching in 39 states and territories and 60 countries, and has received many accolades for his contributions to our community and beyond.
Following the teachings of the Gospel, his work always focused on the poorest and neediest: immigrants, unsheltered people and veterans, and those suffering from mental health issues.
Pastor Stewart and the Church turned Christian values into action.
FIBCO Family Services, Samaritan House for Homeless Families, Ujima House for Unwed Teenage Mothers and their Infants, and the Broadway House, all created under Pastor Stewart, minister to those most in need nonprofit scene and has even taken their mission abroad, expanding across Africa.
Pastor Stewart's impressive academic and public service record led to roles as Chair of the National Immigration Forum and President of American Baptist Churches of the Pacific Southwest.
He was proclaimed a ``State History Maker'' by the Arizona Historical Society.
Under unanimous direction of the Phoenix City Council, the street in front of the First Institutional Baptist Church was renamed ``Dr. Warren H. Stewart Way''.
Today, all of Arizona congratulates our very own ``living legend'' on his well-deserved retirement.
Pastor Stewart's career and contributions have cemented him as one of Arizona's greatest religious leaders.
I have personally been blessed to know him as a friend and trusted advisor.
He'll be the first to tell you he couldn't have enjoyed such a long career without the love and support of his wife, Reverend Dr. Karen Stewart, and their children and grandchildren.
We thank the entire Stewart family for sharing him with us.
I thank Pastor Stewart for his decades of service to our community, and may your quest for moral justice continue in your next chapter.
Godspeed.