The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 14 May.
Over the past week, we have secured a historic trade deal with India and a landmark agreement with the United States, protecting and creating British jobs, slashing tariffs and driving economic growth.
We have also published a White Paper setting out how this Government will end the open borders experiment of the Conservatives, bringing net migration down, backing British workers and delivering fair control of our borders.
I know that the whole House will also want to mark the 40th anniversary of the Bradford City fire.
We remember the victims of that devastating tragedy and celebrate the strength of the community.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Fourteen years of Conservative cuts have stripped the Environment Agency of the resources and the staff it needs to properly deal with badly managed landfill sites blighting communities like mine.
The Jameson Road landfill site in my constituency of Blackpool North and Fleetwood has been producing toxic stenches for more than a year now, causing nosebleeds, headaches, vomiting and breathing problems for my residents.
Will the Prime Minister commit to ensuring that the Environment Agency has the staff and resources to police such badly managed sites across the country, so that it can act swiftly and effectively to protect communities like mine?
I love the fact that when anyone says 14 years of a Conservative Government, Opposition Members all go, “Oh no.”
That is how the country feels.
Once again, a hard-working Labour MP is clearing up the mess that was left behind.
My hon.
Friend’s residents deserve far better, and we expect rapid improvements.
We are closely monitoring air quality and will not hesitate to take further action.
She is right that we must tackle rogue operators who blight our communities.
That is why we have boosted Environment Agency funding by £188 million, alongside tough new rules on incinerators and commercial fly-tippers.