The plans to upgrade St Helier hospital, including the delivery of a new specialist emergency care building, have been put back by 10 years.
I am talking to the trust about a way to bring all or part of those plans forward, but in the meantime there is a very real fear that some of the buildings on the existing estate are at risk of catastrophic failure before the decade is out.
Will the Government reassure me that they will work with the local trust on a plan to maintain and adapt the existing estate to ensure that St Helier hospital can survive all the way through to the completion of the major works?
The hon.
Member’s constituents have been badly let down by the previous Government’s empty promises, which were never going to be delivered.
We have put the new hospitals programme on a sustainable financial footing and increased the NHS capital budget to record levels, so that we can address the backlog of critical maintenance, repairs and upgrades.
I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss that particular case.
Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes is the renewable energy capital of England, delivering home-grown, secure energy and boosting local skills.
More than 12,000 people are employed in a clean energy job in Greater Lincolnshire, but those jobs are now under threat from Reform’s new mayor, who has declared war on renewables, putting livelihoods at risk.
What steps will the Prime Minister take to protect jobs by supporting the supply chain and delivery of renewable projects?
My hon.
Friend is a superb champion for energy security, driving down bills and the good secure jobs that renewables offer.
Those on the Opposition Benches are climate defeatists—anti-jobs, anti-growth, anti-business and anti-investment—and they should try to peddle their policies to the tens of thousands of people in this country who work in renewables every single day.
Those on the Opposition Benches do not think that Britain has the skills and they would deny us incredible opportunities.
We are focused on securing billions in investment, creating tens of thousands of jobs and taking us off the rollercoaster of international fossil fuels.
My constituent Victor Franklin was made severely disabled after a savage dog attack left him with multiple  amputations.
Will the Prime Minister explain why pensioners, such as Victor, who become severely disabled after retirement are excluded from claiming personal independence payment and are instead limited to the lesser support of attendance allowance, and will he commit to reviewing that unfair rule?
May I extend my thoughts to Victor and the awful circumstances that the hon.
Lady describes, which must be extremely challenging.
We do have to reform the system because it is not working—I think there is general agreement about that—but the principles must be clear: we protect and secure those in need of protection and security; we help those who can work into work; and we believe that those who can work should work.
We have to reform the current system to make it better, because what we have does not work.
Every week, I meet families in Barking and Dagenham who tell me that they worry about paying their bills because they are on zero-hours contracts.
My constituents want the chance to work hard in a secure job, earn a decent wage and have dignity in their workplace.
As Labour’s plan for change delivers the biggest uplift in workers’ rights in a generation, does the Prime Minister agree that Reform MPs working and voting against our Employment Rights Bill show that they are no friend of workers in this country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Let us be clear what the parties opposite voted against.
Stronger statutory sick pay—they voted against.
The right to guaranteed hours—they voted against.
Protection from unfair dismissal—they voted against.
Stronger protection for pregnant mothers—they voted against.
A package worth £600 to the poorest workers in insecure work—they voted against.
We are backing British workers; they vote against them at every turn.
Maternity services in Yeovil are due to shut on Monday, after a deeply flawed Care Quality Commission inspection in January, and are to be moved to Musgrove Park hospital in Taunton, which does not have capacity for an extra 1,300 births a year.[Official Report,  19 May 2025 ; Vol. 767, c. 10WC.] (Correction)
Although the closure is initially for six months, I have received no guarantee that the services will open again, which is creating huge fear.
Will the Prime Minister or the relevant Minister agree to meet me and colleagues from the south-west to stop this decision?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising this issue, which must be of concern.
I am not across the details at this stage, but I will make sure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to get to the bottom of the issue.
rose— That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During Prime Minister’s questions, the Leader of the Opposition claimed that unemployment has risen by 10% since the general election.
That figure is completely and utterly incorrect.
It is no wonder that George  Osborne, the former Conservative Chancellor, has said that she has no economic plan if she cannot even get basic statistics right.
Will the Leader of the Opposition return to the House and correct the record?
The accuracy of what a Member states is not a matter for the Chair, but you have corrected the record in your opinion.
We will leave it there for now.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the UK’s assessment of the likelihood of genocide in Gaza.
Yesterday, alongside partners, the UK convened a meeting of the UN Security Council in response to the intolerable civilian suffering and humanitarian need in Gaza.
As I told the House yesterday, Israel’s denial of aid is appalling.
Tonnes of food are currently sitting rotting at the Gaza-Israel border, blocked from reaching people who are starving.
Israeli Ministers have said that Israel’s decision to block this aid is a pressure lever.
This is cruel and indefensible.
Overnight, yet more Palestinians have been killed in Israeli strikes.
This must end.
The message yesterday was clear: the world demands that Israel stops and changes course immediately.
With our allies, we are telling the Government of Israel to lift the block on aid entering Gaza now, and enable the UN and all humanitarians to save lives now.
We need an immediate ceasefire now.
Humanitarian aid must never be used as a political tool or military tactic, and the UK will not support any aid mechanism that seeks to deliver political or military objectives or that puts vulnerable civilians at risk.
The International Court of Justice case on genocide is ongoing.
We support the ICJ.
We support its independence.
The ICJ issued a set of provisional measures in this case and we support those measures.
Israel has an obligation to implement them.
It is the UK Government’s long-standing position that any formal determination as to whether genocide has occurred is a matter for a competent court, not for Governments or non-judicial bodies.
The UK is fully committed to upholding our responsibilities under domestic and international law, and we have at all times acted in a manner consistent with our legal obligations, including under the genocide convention.
The devastation from this conflict must end.
Our complete focus is on lifting Israeli restrictions on aid, on freeing the hostages, on protecting civilians and on restoring the ceasefire.
We will work urgently with our allies and partners on further pressure to make Israel change course.
Overnight, the UN’s emergency relief co-ordinator, Tom Fletcher, warned that a genocide was possible in Gaza.
One in five people face starvation.
The entire population is facing high levels of acute food insecurity.
In Gaza, Gaza North, Deir al-Balah, Khan Yunis and Rafah, there is a risk of famine.
There is one primary cause: Israel’s aid blockade since  2 March .
The Security Council was told that civilians in Gaza have, again, been forcibly displaced and confined into ever-shrinking spaces, with 80% of the territory either within Israeli militarised zones or under displacement orders.
Israeli airstrikes on the European hospital in Gaza yesterday killed 28 people, with further reports of at least 48 deaths overnight from strikes elsewhere.
Can the Minister tell us whether the Foreign, Commonwealth  and Development Office has conducted any recent assessment of its own on the risk that the Israeli authorities are committing genocide?
Last night, the UK’s ambassador to the UN rightly called on Israel to lift the restrictions and ensure a return to the delivery of aid in Gaza in line with humanitarian principles and international law.
But that is not enough.
Notwithstanding the Government’s position that it is for judicial bodies to make a determination, what is the Minister’s response to the latest UN assessment that genocide is possible in Gaza?
Can he confirm whether the UK stands by the obligation to prevent duty in the genocide convention?
Parliament needs to know whether the UN emergency relief co-ordinator’s assessment will lead to a shift in the UK Government’s position.
Why is it that when the horrors increase, the UK Government’s position stays the same?
Lastly, to echo the words in Tom Fletcher’s briefing: “Will you act—decisively—to prevent genocide and to ensure respect for international humanitarian law?”— or will you instead repeat— “those empty words: ‘We did all we could’”?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for asking those important questions.
The testimony of the emergency relief co-ordinator, the very most senior official in the world’s entire humanitarian system, given last night at the UN Security Council meeting that we called with our allies, is clearly incredibly important.
I can confirm to the hon.
Member that we do abide by our international law obligations, including to the genocide convention, and we consider in all of our IHL assessments, which are ongoing, all the relevant tests—and we will continue to do so.
The hon.
Gentleman asks important questions, which have echoed in this Chamber yesterday and throughout this long and painful conflict.
This Government have taken steps, whether restoring funding, suspending arms exports or working with our partners in the UN and elsewhere.
But clearly we are in a situation today that nobody in this House would wish to be in—nobody on the Government Benches and, I am sure, nobody on the Opposition Benches either.
We will need to take more and more action until we see the change that we need, but the central question, as I have told this House repeatedly, is that aid is not being allowed into Gaza.
While it is not allowed into Gaza, there is nothing that can be done to get the aid at the scale and in the manner necessary to save Palestinian life.
It is on that point that we called the Security Council and on that point that we will continue to act.
Order.
May I remind Members not to use the word “you”, because I am not responsible for some of those statements?