The situation in Gaza is clearly intolerable, and Israel has to find a way of getting aid in safely and without diversion.
But does the Minister agree that we need to be very careful about the use of the word “genocide” and that we do not devalue the word?
It is used to describe the systematic and deliberate murder of 6 million Jews by Nazi Germany.
We must question whether—and I do not believe that—a war designed to release hostages and remove a terrorist threat, against terrorists that hide among the civilian population, crosses that threshold.
It is the long-standing position of Governments of all stripes that it is for international courts to make determinations of that nature, and we will abide by our obligations under international humanitarian law.
Since  2 March , no food or medical aid supplies have reached over 2.3 million Palestinians.
Many of us from across this House have attended many statements and Westminster Hall debates and have submitted parliamentary questions asking the Government about this critical issue.
The hostages still remain in captivity and need to be released, but the reality is that using aid to punish so many people is wrong.
Does the Minister agree that under the genocide convention, the UK as a state party has an obligation not only to prevent and punish genocide, but to avoid actions that may assist or enable genocidal acts?
My hon.
Friend asks important questions about aid access and the nature of aid delivery.
Let me be clear: the UK will not support any aid mechanism  that seeks to deliver political or military objectives or put vulnerable people at risk.
The obligations under international humanitarian law and international law more broadly are clear, and they fall on Israel as the occupying power.
It must abide by them.
Very few issues in politics, particularly international politics, are black or white, but this is one such issue.
The Israeli Government are using collective punishment of the civilian Palestinian population, which is illegal under international law and contravenes the Geneva conventions, to which Israel is party.
Does the Minister think that the British Government have lost their moral and legal compass in continuing their tacit support for Israel?
I have set out some of what the Government have done, and I could continue doing so for some time.
Let me be clear.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly points out the absolutely appalling nature of any attempt to weaponise aid and use incendiary language, which are clearly breaches of international obligations.
We have condemned from the Dispatch Box much of that language, some of which was repeated by the Liberal Democrat spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Esher and Walton (Monica Harding) .
I take this opportunity to say again that the British Government absolutely condemn that inflammatory language.
We will continue to do so, and to make our views known to the Israeli Government, in the most forceful possible way.
The international community has failed to stop Israel’s impunity.
We have collectively failed to act on violations as they are committed, and to hold Israel to account.
With our collective failure, Palestinians in Gaza face collective punishment.
Israeli Ministers have stated that stopping humanitarian aid is one of their main levers of pressure.
That is not only cruel and indefensible, but an explicit admission of violations of international law.
I hear our condemnations, Minister, but I see no action.
Why are we still sending arms?
Why are we not sanctioning Israeli Ministers?
The UN has said what many know to be true: as a signatory to the Geneva convention, we have a legal obligation to prevent genocide.
Minister, when will we act?
My hon.
Friend is forceful advocate on these questions.
She points to failure, and I recognise that failure.
So many days and months on, the people of Gaza and the west bank, and of course the hostages, are in the most distressing circumstances possible.
I will not comment from the Dispatch Box on sanctions, as she would expect, but I can assure her that we will work urgently with our allies and partners on further pressure to make Israel change course.
It is becoming increasingly difficult to keep up with the slaughter in Gaza, the brutality and cruelty on the west bank, and starvation as a policy.
The crimes come daily, such as the recent killing of Mohammed Bardawil, one of only three key eyewitnesses to the slaughter of rescue workers just a few weeks ago, whose bodies were buried in shallow graves.
It is clear to everybody that crimes are being committed daily.
As a number of Members have pointed out, the UK is a party to international agreements that provide a positive obligation to act to prevent genocide and torture and protect the rights of others.
We have an obligation, as a member of the United Nations Security Council and a state party to the Geneva conventions, to promote peace and security.
What advice has the Minister taken on the liability that will attach to him as a decision maker?
Have the Government received advice on whether the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary, any senior officials or previous Ministers may be exposed when the reckoning comes?
As Members would expect, I will not discuss internal legal advice in the Chamber, whether it applies to me or other Ministers.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that, right across Government, we understand the gravity of the situation and the weight that falls on us to ensure changes to this diabolical trajectory.
We will continue to use our role in the Security Council, the G7 and the E3, as we did yesterday, and that action will not stop.