Labour has cancelled Britain’s new national supercomputer at the University of Edinburgh, damaging our research capability and economic growth.
That project was fully funded by the Conservatives, and the university says that it will be a disaster if the cancellation is not reversed, so will the Government reinstate that supercomputer, or will it be another victim of the Chancellor’s failed economic experiment?
It surprises me that the hon.
Gentleman continues down this path.
One of the first decisions I had to take after becoming Secretary of State was how we deal with an unfunded commitment for hundreds of millions of pounds where the money never existed—the Treasury had not committed it.
Not a single letter had gone to my Department from the Treasury, yet the previous Government spent years making verbal commitments.
We will deliver a compute strategy that is fit for purpose, that will get our country where it needs to be— Order.
We are not going to get everybody in, Secretary of State.
That project was fully funded, and the Secretary of State knows it.
While Labour cancels our tech investment, our competitors—the US, Germany and Japan—are all increasing theirs.
Next month, the Chancellor will cut the Department’s budget in real terms, so can the Secretary of State tell us today whether he will allow the Treasury to cancel more investment in Britain’s future, or will he finally speak up for Britain’s vital tech sector?
We will release the compute strategy.
That strategy will be fully funded and fully delivered—unlike under the Government, which the hon.
Gentleman was part of, that let our country down.
There are  incredible dividends from digital for government administration and service delivery, but some older and vulnerable constituents tell me that they cannot use smartphones or are not online and are worried about being left behind.
I am liaising with Citizens Advice, the local council, Age Concern and others to take action locally to help them.
Can the Minister reassure me that sufficient advice, support and funding will be  made available to my constituents to ensure digital inclusion as we rightly seek to utilise digital far more effectively?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There are older people, and others for that matter, who either have no online access or do not have a smartphone, who would not be able to access things in a digital world.
That is why we introduced a digital inclusion plan, and that is one of the key differences between a Labour Government and a Tory Government: they did not have any interest in digital inclusion and they did not have a plan for 10 years, and we brought one in.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I welcome to the Gallery the Speakers of Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Falkland Islands, Gibraltar, Montserrat and St Helena.