There are so many parts of delivering our public services where we can improve productivity if we manage to do so on a digital basis.
I am conscious that, for example, a Doncaster hospital still employs 42 people just to carry around physical medical records.
That is clearly nonsense and we need to change it.
My hon Friend is absolutely right: if we go to a digital future we must be able to take everyone with us.
That must mean that non-digital options should be available to those who are not able to take up digital options.
My constituent John wrote to me to highlight the slow and weak internet connectivity in Boyatt Wood.
Meanwhile, constituents who live in the centre of Eastleigh regularly struggle to  get online.
Does the Minister agree that all my constituents deserve access to fast and reliable broadband?
What assurances can he give them that that is a priority for the Government?
I would argue that her constituents have a right not only to good broadband—if the hon.
Lady wants to come to one of my Building Digital UK drop-in sessions she would be very welcome; we can go through street by street if necessary—but to mobile connectivity.
I bet there are people in her constituency, as there are in every constituency in the land, who see on the Ofcom checker that they have a perfect signal and know that they do not.
That is one thing that I am changing with the deal I have done with Ofcom.
There are some really good examples of the delivery of innovative products that provide access in remote and rural areas and some good small-scale providers, but in the Cairngorms national park area a provider recently unexpectedly ceased the service.
Consumers have been left out on a limb, so is it time to put in place, as with the energy system, consumer protection should a provider fail to provide a service?
I have long thought that digital connectivity is now akin to a connection to electricity, water or any other public utility.
That is how we should treat the law, and I think that would assist the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
What steps his Department is taking to support innovation in Hertfordshire.
The Government are committed to supporting innovation in Hertfordshire and across the country, and we are investing a record £20.4 billion in research and development this financial year alone.
In the last financial year, UK Research and Innovation invested £67 million in projects in Hertfordshire.
For example, more than £650,000 was awarded to Copco Ltd, which is based in Hemel Hempstead, to develop a digitally enhanced low-cost technology in aerostructures.
I was fortunate enough to visit the British Standards Institution in Hemel Hempstead recently to see its work helping businesses to deliver better products and drive towards a more sustainable planet.
Its research shows that 78% of UK companies increase turnover and productivity because of the BSI’s standards.
What steps are the Government taking to support more companies to adopt and certify standards, such as the BSI’s AI management systems standards, so that we can grow the UK tech sector and enable innovation and collaboration safely and securely?
I am extremely grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question; it shows how diligently and assiduously he is working for the businesses in his constituency.
I can assure him that high standards lead to their adoption, and this Government are committed to the very highest of standards.
I saw that myself on visits to Hertfordshire: I visited Airbus and the tech firm Autolus, which are both doing cutting-edge work to the highest of standards, contributing to innovation in our country as well as the area that he represents so well.