Found in my constituency, Durdle Door is one of the most iconic bathing sites in all the country.
Last Friday, I was joined at Durdle Door by my hon.
Friends the Members for Bournemouth East (Tom Hayes), for Bournemouth West (Jessica Toale) and for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan)—and, most importantly, by Ron the local seal—to test the water quality.
Currently, water quality at bathing sites is monitored only from mid-May to September, which puts at risk the health of all water users, who could be swimming in pollution or sewage.
With that in mind, will the Prime Minister work with me and my hon.
Friends to introduce all-year-round testing at popular bathing sites such as Durdle Door?
Everyone enjoying our beautiful beaches, lakes and rivers is entitled to know that the water is clean and safe.
That is why we are modernising outdated bathing water regulations, including more regular monitoring sites to reflect local demand.
After years of failure by the Conservative party, we are acting through our plan for change with new powers to tackle pollution, including banning bonuses, jail terms for law-breaking bosses and real-time monitors of every sewage outlet.
Diolch yn fawr iawn, Llefarydd.
This Prime Minister once spoke of compassion and dignity for migrants and of defending free movement.
Now he talks of islands of strangers and taking back control.
Somebody here has to call this out.
It seems that the only principle he consistently defends is whichever he last heard in a focus group.
So I ask him: is there any belief he holds that survives a week in Downing Street?
Yes, the belief that she talks rubbish.
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Mr Speaker, I want to lead a country where we pull together and walk into the future as neighbours and as communities, not as strangers.
The loss of control of migration by the last Government put all that at risk, and that is why we are fixing the system based on principles of control, selection and fairness.
Council tax is the most regressive and unfair tax in this country.
It has become a tax on deprivation: the less affluent an area, the more you pay; the greater your need, the more you pay.
A band D property in Westminster pays just £1,017 a year.
In Hartlepool, it is £2,495 a year.
For a band H property, the difference between the two areas is £3,000.
It is hammering people in towns like Hartlepool.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this unfairness cannot continue?
Will he commit to addressing this inequality once and for all?