The Minister is right that such work is helping not just Hertfordshire but everywhere else.
He has been a regular visitor to Northern Ireland and has taken a specific interest in cyber-security there.
Has he had the opportunity to interact with companies in Northern Ireland to ensure that we can benefit from the expansion of the cyber-security industry?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s recognition that I have a personal commitment to Northern Ireland, which I recently visited for the second time.
This Government are committed to cyber-security right across the United Kingdom.
The budgets for it and their application are subject to Barnett consequentials.
I know that he will be working with the devolved Administration to ensure that that money is spent wisely, and in central Government they will have the partner they need.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of AI on the environment.
DSIT works closely with other Departments, including the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, to align AI energy demand with future energy planning to ensure long-term sustainability.
We understand that AI is an energy-hungry technology, which is why we have set up the AI energy council.
Through that council, we are assessing ways to address the growing energy demands of AI and AI sustainability, including by exploring bold clean energy solutions, from next generation renewables to small modular reactors.
We know that AI has the power to transform civilisation, but its huge drain on the environment is a problem.
For example, ChatGPT has an estimated 57 million daily users, but for every five to 50 questions it is asked, 500 ml of water are used to cool down its data centres.
The Minister has explained some of the work that is being done and I understand that the AI energy council is looking at energy solutions to align the Government’s AI ambitions with our net zero goals, but with the increased incidence of drought and the overall climate emergency, what steps are the Government taking specifically to manage water consumption and sustainability with their AI ambitions?
I assure my hon.
Friend that the Government are committed to ensuring that AI development aligns with sustainability goals.
We welcome the advances in cooling technologies, such as dry cooling and closed-loop systems, in addition to promoting the use of renewable energy resources.
I chair the AI Ministers group, which brings together Ministers from all Departments to co-ordinate cross-cutting challenges, including water consumption.
The astonishingly successful GrowUp vertical agriculture project in Sandwich, in my constituency, is highly dependent on data, which could be hugely assisted by artificial  intelligence.
I understand that agriculture is not represented on any of the working parties.
Will the Minister seek to ensure that agriculture is included and possibly find time to visit the project?
As I have set out, we have inter-ministerial meetings that bring Ministers together, including Ministers from DEFRA.
The Secretary of State regularly meets representatives from the National Farmers Union and other Secretaries of State to discuss these issues.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure the adequate regulation of digital services, in the context of the UK-US trade agreement.
I congratulate the Prime Minister and the Business Secretary on the UK-US trade deal, which, among many provisions, includes the commitment to deepen digital trade.
My Department will continue to work across Whitehall to strengthen the transatlantic trade relationship that benefits our country so greatly.
When it comes to online harms, we will continue to strengthen those provisions too.
Many of my constituents have contacted me with concerns around social media and public health.
Nearly 40% of children report that social media has a negative impact on their mental health and, with glaring holes in the Online Safety Act 2023, dangerous smaller websites remain unregulated.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that protections for children will not be up for negotiation in any deal with the United States?
I am grateful for that question.
I certainly share the hon.
Gentleman’s concern for the welfare of young people online, which is why so many provisions have been brought in since I came into office, including issuing a statement of strategic priorities to Ofcom, tackling intimate image abuse and getting right behind the implementation of the new regulations from January and age verification, which will come in in July.
We are behind those as well as working on what will come next and strengthening it.
I reassure him and the House that online harms are never up for negotiation under this Government.