The right hon.
Lady comes here every week to talk the country down.
We have got 200,000 new jobs, record investment and four interest rates cuts—contrast that with the disastrous Liz Truss mini-Budget, inflation through the roof and a £22 billion black hole.
I am not sure that the Prime Minister even knew that employment was up, but there is no point in him blaming everyone else.
The fact is that the Conservatives reduced the deficit every year until the pandemic, more than doubled the personal allowance, left 4 million extra jobs, tackled the post-pandemic inflation spike, and left the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Let us talk about what is happening today.
Let us look at Beales, a 180-year-old department store in Dorset.
It survived two world wars and the winter of discontent, but it could not survive this Labour Government.
Beales is having what it calls a “Rachel Reeves closing down sale”.
What does the Prime Minister have to say to all the people who have lost their jobs?
Nobody wants to see job losses, but the right hon.
Lady must be the only person left in the country who thinks that the economy was booming after the last Government.
We have created new jobs, record investment and trade deals.
The last Government tried to do the India deal for, I think, eight years and failed—we did that deal.
They talked about a US deal—we did that deal.
We also intend to get a stronger relationship with the EU.
This former Trade Minister must be the only former Trade Minister who is against all trade deals that boost our economy.
She says she is against the India deal, even though it contains the same provisions that she put on the table; she is against the US deal, even though it saves thousands of jobs in car manufacturing; and most absurdly, she says she is going to rip up the EU deal when she has not even seen what is on the page.
The Opposition have been reduced to this brain-rot: a once great political party is sliding into brain-dead oblivion.
I am very happy to welcome the Prime Minister’s tiny tariff deal, but the fact is that it has put us in a worse position than we were in in March.
He should not over-egg the pudding.
Let us talk about how things are getting worse now.
In every month of this year, household names like Sainsbury’s, Tesco, Asda and Santander have cut staff numbers.
The Office for National Statistics estimates that there are 100,000 fewer jobs than there were a year ago—and that was before the Prime Minister’s jobs tax, which will make things worse.
Can he promise the House that by this time next year, unemployment will be lower than it is today?
I think the right hon.
Lady just said “tiny tariff deal”.
Can I suggest that she gets the train to Solihull, which takes two hours, and tells the workforce at Jaguar Land Rover, and their families and communities, that she would rip up the deal that protects their jobs?
When she has done that, she might travel across to Scunthorpe and tell the steelworkers there that she is going to rip up the deal that saves their jobs; then, if she has time, she could go up to Scotland and tell the people at the whisky distilleries that she would rip up the deal that is creating 1,200 jobs for them, boosting their exports; and then she can come back here next week and tell us what reaction she got.
I did not hear a promise to get unemployment down, and that is because the Prime Minister knows things are going to get worse.
This goes wider than businesses.
Last week I met staff and patients at Farleigh hospice.
They do fantastic work, but they need to find an additional £250,000 to pay the jobs tax.
How does the Prime Minister suggest that Farleigh hospice—a charity that relies on donations—pays for his tax hike?
We have provided a £100 million boost for the sector, and children and young people’s hospices received £26 million of funding this year.
The right hon.
Lady turns up every week to carp from the sidelines.
She moans about what we had to do in the Budget to stabilise the economy, but she has not got the courage to stand there and say that she would reverse our decisions on national insurance contributions, and I know why: it is because she does not want to say she is against the £26 billion investment in our NHS, she does not want to say she is against the £1.2 billion more for our police, and she does not want to say she is against the £3.2 billion more for our schools.
All the time, she does not have the courage of her convictions, and it shows that her criticism is totally confected.
I cannot believe the Prime Minister is still using that figure.
We have had this very conversation at the Dispatch Box—he knows it is just capital spending.
Either he is not paying attention or he is saying things to disguise what is going on.
That money will not pay for the jobs tax.
He knows that, and the hospices know it too.
The other people who know that things are getting worse are the five leading business groups in the UK.
They say that his so-called Employment Rights Bill will be “deeply damaging” to growth.
Does the Prime Minister accept that they are right, or does he believe that he knows better than business?
It is the same old Tories every time: better rights for workers are on the table, and they vote against them.
Respect, dignity and protection at work are good for workers, good for the economy and good for growth.