The situation in the middle east continues to cause concern.
That is why we on this side of the House have been clear on the need to see the return of the hostages and a lasting ceasefire.
Although we welcome the release of Edan Alexander, there are still 58 hostages held in Gaza by the Iranian-backed terrorists.
Those who are still alive are being held in the most dreadful and appalling conditions, without access to aid and medicines.
What they and their families have been going through for approaching 600 days is unimaginable.
They must be released as a matter of urgency, so can the Minister give an update on the diplomatic steps being taken by the Government to secure the release of the remaining hostages, and what is Britain contributing to those efforts?
This conflict would have been over long ago, had Hamas released the hostages, and the House should not be in any doubt that Hamas and their Iranian sponsors are committed to wiping out the state of Israel.
Can the Minister tell us what steps are being taken, with international partners, to deal with the threat to peace, security and stability posed by Iran?
We have constantly asked for a strategy to tackle Iran, so when will this come forward?
The Government have shared our view that Hamas can have no role in the future governance of Gaza, so can we have an update on the practical steps the Government are taking to secure this outcome and end the misery that Hamas are inflicting on Gaza and the threat they pose to Israel?
We have debated aid access to Gaza on several occasions, including in recent days, so can the Minister tell us exactly how much UK-funded aid, both directly and indirectly through multilateral organisations, is waiting to enter Gaza and give us a breakdown of what that aid is?
The Government have known for a number of months  about the concerns Israel has about the delivery of aid to Gaza and aid diversion, so can the Minister today explain what discussions have taken place with Israel, and what practical solutions Ministers have offered to support the delivery of aid that addresses its concerns?
Has the Minister been directly engaged in the discussions that have taken place with Israel and the US over alternative ways to get aid into Gaza?
Does he have a view on this and will the UK be participating?
We have also been clear that while we continue to press for humanitarian aid and accountability, we do not consider the actions in Gaza to constitute genocide.
The case brought by South Africa to the International Court of Justice is not helping— Order.
Can we please stick to the time?
The right hon.
Lady is almost a minute over.
We have to work within the timescales, and Members need to time speeches.
Lots of Members need to get in, and we have to support each other.
I think the Minister has enough to go on.
I of course welcome, as the Foreign Secretary did yesterday, the release of Edan Alexander.
I know the whole House thinks of those hostages who remain in Hamas captivity.
I have been in direct contact with the American officials involved in that release, and it is a very welcome development.
We are focused on ensuring that there is no role for Hamas in a future for Gaza.
We are working as part of the Arab reconstruction plan to try to achieve that.
The right hon.
Lady asks an important question about the proportion of British aid unable to get into Gaza at the moment.
For almost two months, the horrendous answer is 100%.
Even before then, there were significant restrictions on the aid that we wish to get into Gaza.
I saw for myself the items that were unable to cross from al-Arish into Rafah.
The proportions will be very high, but I will see with my officials whether I can break it down in greater detail for her.
Slow and agonising breaths, scared, crying, emancipated bodies fighting for every heartbeat—it is death by a thousand cuts for the children and for the parents watching their babies deliberately being starved to death.
Almost 1 million children are at risk of famine and death in Gaza.
Those who have stood by and allowed this to happen should hang their heads in shame.
I call on the Government to sanction Israeli officials until the blockade is lifted, because if we do not act now, this will be on us.
I know the strength of feeling behind my hon.
Friend’s words.
I am sure she is aware of the findings of the IPC report on Monday, which delineates in great detail the precise suffering being felt because of a lack of food and nutrition.
We are horrified by those findings.
The need for action could not be more urgent.