We at Reform, a party that is alive and kicking, very much enjoyed your speech on Monday.
You seem to be learning a very great deal from us.
But can I encourage you please to go further as a matter of national security?
Over the weekend, an illegal immigrant from Iran, who we believe came by boat, was arrested in the  north of England on serious charges of terrorism.
Since the speech on Monday, 1,000 undocumented young males have crossed the English channel.
Does the Prime Minister agree that now is the time to declare the situation in the English channel a national security emergency?
It was not my speech; it was the Prime Minister’s.
The situation is serious.
The last Government lost control of the borders.
We are taking powers—[Interruption.]
This is precisely to the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
The Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill is the first Bill to give counter-terrorism-like powers to law enforcement, precisely so that we can get in before the crimes are committed and before people get to this country.
This is the most far-reaching provision ever for law enforcement to defend and secure our borders.
That is why it is extraordinary that he, of all people, voted against it, and sooner or later he is going to have to explain that.
Since my election, I have championed and backed our country’s plumbers, builders, electricians and all our tradespeople, who are not just building Britain, but holding our communities together.
That is why I have been campaigning for tougher sentencing and action on tool theft, and for the real cost of this crime to be recognised.
I thank everyone in the sector who has backed the campaign, because together we have shown that the message is clear: after 14 years of Government neglect, it is time for action and change.
Will the Prime Minister work with me and the Secretary of State for Justice to include my private Member’s Bill as we review sentencing and justice, so that the punishment finally fits the crime?
I commend my hon.
Friend for leading the campaign to highlight the devastating impact of these crimes.
For hard-working small businesses, tool theft is not just a violation; it can mean thousands of pounds of potential work lost, with a huge impact on businesses and families.
We are investing more than £1.2 billion extra in policing, with 13,000 new neighbourhood police officers to focus on the crimes that impact on communities the most.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work, and I know the Justice Secretary will look at the details carefully.
Whether or not people agree with the Prime Minister’s net zero targets, he must agree that he will not achieve those targets without taking people with him.
The cable corridor and substation for the Morgan and Morecambe offshore wind farm is one of the most objected to national energy infrastructure projects in the country.
What is angering me and thousands of others is that there is a perfect alternative cabling route further up the coast that would bring local economic benefit, would be more cost-effective as a whole lifecycle project and could connect to existing national grid infrastructure, but no one is listening.
Will the Prime Minister now listen, pause the planning inquiry for the existing application and ask the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero to consider and cost the alternative route to avoid untold devastation to our coastline and countryside?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero is going through a quasi-judicial exercise, and I am therefore limited in what I can say.
Let me do the best I can within those constraints.
The project is going through its examination, where interested parties can and should put forward their views on the application.
More broadly, as we drive forward renewable projects, the planning process is designed to ensure that impacts are carefully considered.
The United Kingdom has rightly helped to arm Ukraine with modern, effective capability, and we are sending it some £4.5 billion this year.
However, after decades of relying on the peace dividend, our own forces are ill-equipped for modern warfare.
With colleagues interested in defence technology, I am developing a proposal for a joint UK-Ukraine production hub on British soil, which would support Ukraine while modernising our own forces at warfighting scale and creating the jobs and know-how needed to rearm and stay secure.
Will the Prime Minister use his good offices to support this proposal?
My hon.
and gallant Friend is right that our iron-clad support for Ukraine should go hand in hand with firing up our own defence industries, which means well-paid, secure jobs right across the country, including in Plymouth, and strengthening our national security.
We reiterated our support for Ukraine in Kyiv last weekend, and I am proud that British industries are playing their part in supporting Ukraine against Russia’s illegal invasion.
I will make sure that he meets the relevant Minister to discuss his proposal.
People in the real world are disgusted by the Energy Secretary’s obsessive pursuit of net zero at any cost.
The Scottish Borders are under attack, with solar farms the size of towns, massive wind farms and now mega-pylons scarring unspoilt landscapes.
Nobody sensible supports his crazed, crank policies, which will put jobs at risk and rip up farmland.
When will the Prime Minister step in and stop his Energy Secretary throwing taxpayers’ money at this nonsense?
Only a few years ago, dealing with the climate challenge was a shared endeavour across this House.
It is yet further evidence of how far the Conservatives have fallen that they cannot see the significance and importance of tackling one of the major challenges of our time.
I think we should rise to that challenge, not be defeatist about it.
It is further evidence, as far as I can see, that the Tory project is just finished.
Male suicide is a tragic epidemic in our country.
Each week, almost 100 men take their own lives, and suicide is the biggest killer of men aged under 50.
In my constituency, I am working with Andy’s Man Club in Maltby, the Learning Community in Dinnington and Better Today in Kiveton Park to try to raise awareness about the fantastic groups that offer support for men in the most difficult circumstances.
Will the Prime Minister use this opportunity to support the campaign that we are undertaking in my constituency and also  reassure those groups and my constituents that mental health services for men will be a priority for his Government?