Israel’s continuing blockade of Gaza, now exceeding 70 days, is utterly unacceptable.
Will the Government now recognise that the blockade constitutes a clear violation of international law?
The Government must respect whatever determination the ICJ reaches regarding genocide.
There   are already clear obligations on the Government to prevent genocide in Gaza arising from the ICJ’s January 2024 order.
Have the Government taken any steps to meet those obligations?
Will they commit today to banning the export of all UK arms to Israel?
Will they reconsider sanctions on extremist Israeli Ministers like Bezalel Smotrich, who called for Gaza to be destroyed?
Will the Government commit to the immediate recognition of a Palestinian state?
As the UN’s British relief chief told the Security Council yesterday, if we have not done all we could to end the violence in Gaza, we should fear the judgment of future generations.
Does the Minister agree?
These responsibilities weigh heavily on me and on every member of the Government and the Foreign Office team.
But let us not forget what this Government have done.
Whether it is restoring funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency; suspending arms exports in the way we have described; providing £129 million of humanitarian aid and then being one of the loudest voices in trying to ensure that it enters Gaza; or working with Jordan to fly medicines into Gaza, with Egypt to treat medically evacuated civilians, with Project Pure Hope to help Gazan children in the UK, and with Kuwait to support vulnerable children through UNICEF; we are taking steps.
We take the judgments of the ICJ incredibly seriously, but I cannot pretend to the House that the events in the Occupied Palestinian Territories of recent days are acceptable, and we will continue to take every step we can to get a change of course.
Tomorrow is the 77th anniversary of the 1948 Nakba, which saw hundreds of thousands of Palestinians displaced from their homes.
That still continues today, and the UN Security Council has said that action is now required to prevent genocide.
A key step to a peaceful two-state solution would be recognising Palestinian statehood—something that Israel is trying to prevent.
With 147 countries recognising Palestinian statehood, is now not the right time for the UK to do so, too?
The question of recognition of a Palestinian state is obviously one of vital importance.
We want to do so as a contribution to a more stable region.
We can see the serious and immediate threats to the viability of Palestinian life, and that is what we are focused on in these most urgent of days.