What assessment he has made of the adequacy of rural broadband coverage.
Rural broadband coverage simply is not good enough.
Many rural villages in my constituency still suffer from poor broadband access, with no clear date for when it will get better and more demands for huge expenditure to get them connected to the network.
I think particularly of residents in Banningham, who have suffered from poor broadband access for years and feel they are at the bottom of the pile.
In Finland, the broadband roll-out started with the hardest-to-reach properties and reached inwards, tackling the biggest challenges first.
Does the Minister agree that a roll-out strategy like that, rather than one that goes for the easiest properties first, would have served those communities better and faster?
The largest chunk of broadband delivery will be done on a commercial basis by the private sector.
We do not want to do with taxpayers’ money what could probably be done by the commercial sector.
I did not catch the name of the village that the hon.
Member referred to.
I am not sure whether he has been to one of my Building Digital UK drop-in sessions, but if he needs further information for that particular village, I would be very happy to try to sort it.
In my constituency, residents of the rurally isolated community of Balquhidder did not wait for a major provider; they dug and laid 34 km of fibre optic cable themselves using the Government’s broadband voucher scheme to partner with a small business and deliver gigabit broadband—a remarkable achievement.
That success is now at risk, however, because for well over a year the Government payment processes have been struggling to engage with the volunteer-led project.
Will the Minister meet me to help resolve that, and will he join me on a visit to the beautiful Balquhidder glen to see at first hand what that resourceful and determined community have delivered?
Everybody tells me that Balquhidder is very beautiful—in fact, my hon.
Friend told me earlier this morning.
I would be interested in a visit if it were also possible to visit the new film studio that I think might be coming to his constituency.
Stirling is one matter, but Strathallan and the very wide rural areas in his constituency are different.
I would be very happy to try to sort out the specific issues that he has in Balquhidder.
What steps his Department is taking to improve digital inclusion in Bathgate and Linlithgow constituency.
What steps his Department is taking to improve digital inclusion in North Somerset constituency.
It is important that we have the right data on which places are missing out.
That is why, as I have said before, I am desperate to ensure that, if people check Ofcom’s online announcements on coverage in their area, it matches their lived experience.
I can announce that Ofcom will be radically changing its online coverage network system.
I have placed a letter in the Library today between myself and Ofcom which lays out when we will do that in June.