“For those killed and those whose voices are silenced: what more evidence do you need now?...Will you act—decisively—to prevent genocide?”
What is the Minister’s answer to that question?
My hon.
Friend has been committed to these issues since before he came to this place.
Tom Fletcher’s words are important.
As I said earlier, he is the most senior member of the humanitarian community in the world, and what he said at yesterday’s meeting, which we called, is very important.
We have not waited for yesterday’s meeting, or for the determination of international courts, to take action.
Let us not forget what we have done in relation to UNRWA, on arms suspension, on sanctions on Israeli settlers, or through our convening role on the United Nations Security Council.
We will continue to take action.
Mr Fletcher rightly asks for “decisive” action.
Has our action yet been decisive?
Clearly it has not.
Hostages remain detained, Palestinians continue to suffer, and a two-state solution feels very distant indeed.
We have not yet had the decisive effect that we would wish to see, and we will continue to act until we do.
As well as raping, kidnapping and killing civilians on  7 October  for the sake of it, Hamas had a strategy: to try to prevent further peace deals between Israel and its Arab neighbours by provoking a massive, frenzied reaction to the atrocities.
Does the Minister share my dismay that this brutal strategy seems to be succeeding?
I share the right hon.
Gentleman’s dismay that events in the region since the horrific actions of  7 October  have involved an enormous amount of  bloodshed and civilian suffering.
This Government hope that we will yet see a day when the region is stable, when there are normal diplomatic relations between all its members, and when there is a two-state solution, with the two states living securely and safely side by side.
I regret that it feels such a distant prospect.
Seventy-seven years since the Nakba, Israel’s illegal occupation eats away at the land.
We now have—I will repeat these words loud and clear—“plausible genocide” according to the International Court of Justice, the International Criminal Court, Amnesty International and the United Nations.
Given this week’s news, what new assessments have been made, and how often, to determine what other actions we can take to stop what is happening to the Gazans—the children, the civilians, and the aid workers—and to make sure that we can get aid in?
What other pressures and levers can the Government use, including as part of a bloc, together with international partners and others, in addition to recognising Palestine?
Surely that recognition is long overdue.
My hon.
Friend asks important questions about assessments.
Those are made regularly, on a rolling basis, and in the light of new events.
I reassure her that we do not wait for assessments or final legal determinations before taking action.
I have listed some of that action already, and I reassure her that we will work urgently with our allies and partners on further pressure to make Israel change course.
Even if the Minister cannot condemn what is obviously an act of genocide, will he tell us in clear terms whether we are still supplying parts for F-35 jets that find their way to Israel and take part in the bombardment of Gaza?
Are there still flights going from RAF Akrotiri over to Israel that are carrying military equipment that can be used either to bomb Gaza or to undertake military action against the people of the west bank?
The decisions that we take on arms bind every part of the UK Government.
We are a Government committed to abiding by our international legal obligations, and we will continue to do so.
Let me be clear, again, on the position on F-35s.
The F-35 sales directly to Israel, whether in relation to any particular component, have been suspended.
Sales to a global pool, which are necessary for the continued function of the global F-35 programme, have not been suspended.
Where sales go to a global pool, it is clearly possible that they could find a final destination in Israel, but to suspend our provision of components to the F-35 global pool would, in effect, render the F-35 programme inoperable.
It is on that basis that we set out the decisions that we took in September.
May I put on record the relief that I and many others feel about the release of Edan Alexander?
I am saying a prayer for the other hostages.
Every week that we come back to this House the horror is greater.
Many of us woke up this morning to a spokesperson for the Israeli Government on the “Today” programme denying that there is hunger in Gaza at all.
This House knows the reality: we are 10 weeks into a  blockade of aid by the Israeli Government, and one in five are starving.
The Minister will know that Tom Fletcher spoke passionately and with purpose yesterday at the UN about the collective failure of the UN to speak out previously.
How do we avoid that this time?
What more evidence do we need before we take action, and what more action can be done?
As I said earlier, the words of Tom Fletcher in the United Nations Security Council are important.
The Integrated Food Security Phase Classification assessment that was produced on Monday—that assessment is authoritative and thorough in its production—is the most important indication of needs in Gaza.
It should be taken seriously by everyone in this Chamber, and indeed by the Israeli Government.
My hon.
Friend has long been committed to these issues, and he knows the actions that we have taken so far.
I will not speculate from the Dispatch Box, other than to reassure the House that we will be working urgently with our allies and partners to ensure that Israel changes course.
There can be few now who would believe that the conduct of the Netanyahu Government is anything other than gross and disproportionate.
However, does the Minister agree with me that the actor in the region that has unequivocally embarked on genocide is Hamas, with their self-avowed policy of killing Jews and eradicating the state of Israel?
I have condemned Hamas for their despicable actions and ugly and unacceptable rhetoric many times from this Dispatch Box, and I am happy to do so again.
It is the events of  7 October , in all their full horror, that triggered this most recent, most horrific round of violence.
In addition to calling for the release of all hostages, Tom Fletcher, the UN emergency relief co-ordinator, asked last night what action we will tell future generations that we each took “to stop the 21st century atrocity to which we bear daily witness in Gaza.”
What action will the Government take if, in the next 24 hours, Israel does not allow aid into Gaza?
As I have said throughout the course of the afternoon, the responsibilities weigh heavily on all of us.
We do not view the situation as acceptable, and we will continue to take steps with our allies and partners to urge Israel to change course.
As we meet here, in this rather grand Palace of Westminster, the reality on the ground is that Palestinian children continue to die in the rubble.
Is it not becoming clear that the central policy of the Israeli Government seems more about protecting the political skin and life of the current Israeli Prime Minister than even saving the lives of the remaining Israeli hostages and saving the lives of Palestinians?
I appeal to the British Government to be again on the right side of history, of the law and of moral judgment, and not to back one particular individual, fighting for his political life, back in Tel Aviv.
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks powerfully about the various views in Israel.
I will not speculate on the decision making of others, but I listen very carefully to the words of the Israeli hostages themselves when they have been released, what they make of the circumstances in Israel and what policy they think should be adopted.
Those are important voices and they echo loudly, both in this Chamber and across the world.
We are clear that, whatever the intentions, the international obligations under law on the Israeli Government in relation to Gaza are indisputable, and we call today, as we have called every day, for them to abide by them.
I declare an interest as the secretary of the National Union of Journalists parliamentary group.
It is the anniversary of the murder by Israeli forces of Shireen Abu Akleh, the renowned journalist.
Alongside her on that day was another journalist, Ali Samoudi, who was shot in the back.
Two weeks ago, the Israeli forces arrested him and dragged him from his home, and Ali is now in detention somewhere, but we do not know where.
Under international law, journalists are afforded special protection.
Will the Minister immediately take up with the Israeli Government the question of where Ali Samoudi is and seek to do everything we can do to secure his release?
He works for CNN, Reuters and Al Jazeera, and all he was doing was simply reporting on some of the war crimes that are taking place.
My right hon.
Friend raises incredibly important points about journalists and I am happy to take up the case in question.
Not just journalists but a whole set of people are afforded special protections under international law, including medical professionals and aid workers, many of whom we have seen involved in terrible incidents in Gaza.
We have been pressing for accountability and justice on those questions; I think in particular of the three British nationals killed in the World Central Kitchen incident more than a year ago, for whom we are still waiting for justice.