The Prime Minister needs to listen to business.
We cannot have employment rights without employment.
Labour always forgets that it is not Government that creates growth; it is business that creates growth.
Businesses are closing, and they are blaming him and his Chancellor.
There are 100,000 fewer jobs.
Hospices, charities and nurseries are facing bills from the jobs tax that they cannot afford.
Even the unions say workers are being thrown on the scrapheap, and all of this before his unemployment Bill makes hiring even more expensive.
When will he admit that Labour isn’t working?
The right hon.
Lady says we should listen; she should listen to business—it is in favour of our trade deals.
The India deal is a fantastic deal, with tariffs on cars cut to 10%, tariffs halved on whisky and gin, and £4.8 billion coming into our economy.
What does she say she would do with the India deal?
She wants to rip it up.
The US deal saves thousands upon thousands of jobs.
What does she want to do?
She wants to rip it up.
The EU deal will be good for our economy.
She is not even going to wait to see what it says; she absurdly says she is going to rip it up.
It is so unserious.
She was even reduced last week to accusing the Indian Government of fake news—no wonder she did so badly as a Trade Secretary.
The project for the Conservatives is over.
They are sliding into oblivion; they are a dead party walking.
Thousands of British jobs have been safeguarded by this Government’s trade agreement with the US, including for those in my constituency who work for Jaguar Land Rover, like my next-door neighbour Ollie—proving that when Labour negotiates, workers win.
Can the Prime Minister confirm that he will continue to stand up for all workers and our vital motor manufacturing industry as he negotiates a better deal for Britain around the world?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work with JLR and for standing up for the jobs in her constituency.
The deal that we have agreed saves thousands of jobs in our car industry, securing the livelihoods of countless families.
I have been up to JLR on a number of occasions, including last week.
I know at first hand what it means for the workforce, their families and their communities—and the Leader of the Opposition says she would go and tell them that she is  going to rip it up.
She should go up there—[Interruption.]
Well, she says she is going to go against it.
What did the Reform leader say about JLR?
He said JLR deserves to go bust.
Shame on him!
Labour is striking deals in the national interest.