Growing up, she worked at the family orchard

and fruit stand in Kettle Falls, Washington.
In 1994, she won a special

election to serve in the Washington House of Representatives,

faithfully serving her district for 11 years, including 1 year as House

Minority Leader before successfully running for the United States

Congress.
During her third term in Congress, McMorris Rodgers was elected by

the House Republican Conference as the Vice Chair, and she would hold

this role for four years before becoming only the second woman to serve

as Chair of the Republican Conference from 2013 and 2019.
In January 2021, McMorris Rodgers became the first woman to serve as

the top Republican on the powerful House Energy and Commerce Committee

as Ranking Member, and in 2023 becoming Chair.
Chair McMorris Rodgers

has been a leader on countless issues affecting the American people

including emerging technologies, strengthening rural communities,

helping to strengthen American energy resiliency and independence, and

of course fighting for Military Families and veterans.
Every year since we founded the Congressional Military Family Caucus,

Co-chair McMorris Rodgers and I have hosted the Military Family Caucus

Summit--alternating between Fairchild Air Force Base in Spokane,

Washington, and Fort Moore in Georgia in order to give the members of

America's Armed Forces, their spouses, and their children an

opportunity to hear from Department of Defense leaders and subject

matter experts, share their experiences and challenges, and bring

forward policies that improve the quality of life for our Military

Families around the world.
Over the past 15 years, the Caucus has brought to the forefront

numerous issues that affect our servicemembers and Military Families.
Together, we have tackled issues such as food insecurity, medical care,

spousal employment, family relocation challenges, childcare, and so

much more.
But we cannot tackle these issues without community input.
The Caucus has been very successful in bringing together our Military

Families and veterans, veteran service organizations, Blue Star

Families, Chambers of Commerce, community activists, and more so that

we can have the robust discussions that these important issues deserve.
On a personal note, I will greatly miss Cathy's partnership and

friendship on the Congressional Military Family Caucus, and she

certainly has big shoes to fill as co-chair.
During our time together

in Congress, I have been inspired by her advocacy on behalf of

individuals with disabilities, her dedication to our veterans and

Military Families, and her commitment to statesmanship and

bipartisanship in the United States Congress.
And while the

Congressional Military Family Caucus will continue on after her

retirement, I look forward to joining her for our last Congressional

Military Family Caucus Summit together in Spokane this August.
Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers has accomplished so much in her

life, and this was made possible by the grace of God and the love and

support of her husband, Brian, as well as their three children--Cole,

Grace, and Brynn.
join my wife, Vivian, and me; along with the people of her District,

her state, and the American people in recognizing and commending

Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers for her dedicated service to

people, especially her leadership and advocacy for our Nation's

Military Families.
While her leadership will be greatly missed in the

halls of Congress, we wish her and her family the best as she embarks

upon the next chapter of her life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE REPRESENTATIVE SHEILA JACKSON LEE

speech of

HON.
JOYCE BEATTY

Monday July 22, 2024

Mr. BEATTY.
Madam Speaker, I rise today, I join my Congressional

colleagues, the Nation, the city of Houston, and the loved ones of

Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee in mourning her passing.
She began her journey to greatness by breaking barriers as a Yale

University student, municipal judge, and Houston City Councilwoman

before continuing her fight against injustice in the U.S. Congress.