Anna and John were married after he

returned from World War II, where he served as an Army medic in

Germany.
Anna started her career at Dupont as a chemist and later

worked at Sharp & Dohme as a research chemist.
Anna and John moved into their new home in Northeast Philadelphia in

1950.
They were blessed with a son and daughter, Robert and Carolyn.
Anna took time out from her career to raise her children but after

the children matured, she went back to work as a pharmacist at

Germantown Hospital from 1968 to 1991 and later volunteered her time at

the hospital for over 20 years.
Aside from her pharmacy career and

being a homemaker, she played the cello in the Olney Symphony Orchestra

for nearly 50 years and was active in several string quartet groups.
Additionally, Anna served as Personnel Chairman for the Olney Symphony.
She still remains in contact with many friends she made over the years

in music.
Her favorite activities have always included making family holiday

dinners.
Besides her two children, Anna has two grandchildren, Jon and

Rob, and two great-granddaughters, Emma and Ava which happen to be

identical twins.
Additionally, she has a very supportive son-in-law,

Sean Corsaut, and a loving daughter-in-law, Karen Perrong.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my esteemed colleagues in the U.S. House of

Representatives to please join me in extending our heartfelt

congratulations, sincere well-wishes, and all of God's Blessings to

Anna Osinski Perrong on the celebration of her 100th Birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSWOMAN CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

honor a dedicated public servant, loving wife and mother, champion for

America's Military Families, and a distinguished member of this body,

Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers.
Earlier this year, Congresswoman

McMorris Rodgers announced that she would not seek re-election to

return to the House of Representatives and, in turn, would be stepping

down as the co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Military Family

Caucus.
Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers cares deeply about our Nation's

veterans and Military Families because of her background as a military

spouse and parent.
In 2006, she married her husband, Brian Rodgers, a

U.S. Naval Commander, and her experiences as the spouse of a U.S.

servicemember empowered her to become a strong champion for America's

Military Families who often face unique challenges as they live and

work in and around military installations in the United States and

across the globe.
When our servicemembers enlist in the Armed Forces, they must

relocate to military installations--often with their spouses and young

children.
On base, military spouses and children must quickly navigate

a new landscape which can pose challenges: new housing, new schools,

seeking employment, and sometimes even moving abroad.
After recognizing these same challenges in my district, serving as

the Member of Congress representing U.S. Army servicemembers and their

families at Fort Moore, Georgia--Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers and I

joined together in 2009 to form the bipartisan Congressional Military

Family Caucus.
For the past 15 years, I have been honored to serve

alongside the Congresswoman as her co-chair.
Congresswoman McMorris Rodgers record of public service is historic

and worthy of admiration.
Growing up, she worked at the family orchard

and fruit stand in Kettle Falls, Washington.
In 1994, she won a special

election to serve in the Washington House of Representatives,

faithfully serving her district for 11 years, including 1 year as House

Minority Leader before successfully running for the United States

Congress.
During her third term in Congress, McMorris Rodgers was elected by

the House Republican Conference as the Vice Chair, and she would hold

this role for four years before becoming only the second woman to serve

as Chair of the Republican Conference from 2013 and 2019.