On behalf of the constituents of California's 4th and 8th Congressional

Districts, we wish Erin best wishes in her well-earned retirement and

extend our sincere gratitude for her many years of service to the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MAURY HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM ON THEIR STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the

members of the Maury High School Football Team from Norfolk, Virginia,

on claiming their second straight Class 5 State Championship, and their

first back-to-back state crown in program history.
On Saturday, December 14, 2024, the Maury Commodores won the

championship game against the Briar Woods High School Falcons of

Loudoun County by a score of 46-0.
Led by Coach Dyrri McCain, the

Commodores closed their season undefeated, recording 15 wins, including

six shutouts, and maintained a 30-game winning streak extending back to

last season.
Going into the championship, Maury faced a significant disadvantage

after losing one of their star players in their previous game.
Ari

Watford, a defensive end committed to Clemson University, suffered a

season ending injury in the semifinal game against Green Run High

School on December 7.
Without Watford, the team realized they would

need to step up to win the state championship and did.
Throughout the championship game, the Commodores led on offense.
Quarterback Au'Tori Newkirk scored on the first drive of the game with

a 49-yard touchdown pass to receiver Lebron Bond.
In the second

quarter, Newkirk passed to receiver Jahvon Wiggins, who ran the ball

into the end zone for another touchdown and widened the Commodores'

lead to 14-0 at halftime.
In the third quarter, they scored 32 points

in less than seven minutes.
Newkirk threw four touchdown passes to

Elijah Moss, Tayshawn Branche, Damon McDaniel, and another to Bond.
These young athletes made everyone in the community proud and

demonstrated their ability to overcome adversity.
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to congratulate the Maury High School

Football Team and thank Coach McCain, the parents, and the entire Maury

High School community for supporting these students throughout this

remarkable season.
I wish them the best in their future endeavors, and

I wish the program continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INSPIRING REMARKS OF JOHN FOY

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, World War II veteran, John

Foy, provided extraordinary remarks on December 14, 2024, for the

Commemoration of the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge at

Luxembourg American Cemetery.
His humble insight and determination will

forever be an inspiration for freedom and democracy as recognized by

the late Army Pfc.
Thomas Caughman of Lexington, South Carolina, that

``Freedom isn't Free.''
I'm a little short, Ladies and gentlemen, Your Majesties,

distinguished guests, and especially fellow veterans.
80

years ago, we stood in these frozen forests young men facing

an unrelenting enemy and the harshest of winters, it actually

get down to below zero at times.
The Battle of the Bulge was

not just a test of strategy, but of spirit, determination and

sacrifice.
I remember the bitter cold, the weight of my

machine gun and the faces of my brothers in arms, ordinary

men who displayed extraordinary courage.
Together, we fought

for freedom, step by painful step through snow and enemy

fire.
Some of these faces I still can see frozen in time,

they were sons, fathers, friends, who gave everything so that

others might live.
The Ardennes offensive was a turning

point, not just in the time of war, but in our lives.
It

taught us the value of resilience, unity, sacrifice.
Today,

we honor those who did not return, whose lives ended here,

ensuring that turns that tyranny would not prevail.