Thank you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ADDRESS OF MAJOR GENERAL PETER ANDRYSIAK

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, inspiring remarks were

presented by Major General Peter Andrysiak EUCOM Chief of Staff on

December 14, 2024, for the Commemoration of the 80th Anniversary of the

Battle of the Bulge at Luxembourg American Cemetery.
Americans are

grateful for the proven competence of the American military.
Good morning, Grand Duke Henri, Grand Duchess, King

Philippe, Queen Mathilde, Prime Minister Frieden, Speaker

Claude Wiseler, President Roberta Metsola of the European

Parliament, Prime Minister Alexander de Croo, Ambassador

Nelson, Secretary Djou, honorable Members of Congress,

Ambassador Thomas Barrett, Commissioner Matthew Jones,

distinguished guests, allies and partners, and most

importantly, to our honored veterans that are with us here

today, welcome today this sacred place we gather to honor the

legacy of those who fought in the Battle of the Bulge.
And

it's a privilege to stand here among you in this solemn 80th

anniversary, a moment to reflect on the courage and sacrifice

that secured freedom that we cherish today.
80 years ago, in

the depths of the Ardennes winter on the ground that we stand

on, bore witness to extraordinary courage and unimaginable

sacrifice.
Young soldiers faced not only a relentless enemy

fire, but also the freezing temperatures and the snow-covered

terrain against the possible odds, they stood firm, not just

for their own countries, but for the liberty of millions.
Their fight was for something greater, a vision of a Free

Europe and a better future.
And so today was we commemorate

their bravery, we reaffirm our gratitude for their sacrifice

and the unity that made victory possible.
For me, this

commemoration is profoundly personal.
My parents, like many

millions in Europe, endured unimaginable horrors of World War

Two.
My father, orphaned by the Nazi tyranny when his mother

was put in prison, was liberated by the Allied Forces who

fought here in the Ardennes.
His father, a man I never knew,

perished in a concentration camp.
My mother and her family

were forced out of the Sudetenland and into forced labor

camps and eventually granted refugee status in Germany.
But

the journey was a grueling one, and her father never survived

it.
Another man that I never had the opportunity to know.
So

these tragedies, like so many others, were the reality of

life under the oppression during the war, yet their

liberation and the liberation of millions came at the hands

of Allied soldiers that we honor here today.
Their courage

gave my parents and countless others a second chance.
They

made it possible for me to be standing here in front of you

today.
Millions endured similar struggles, and millions owned

their liberation to the soldiers who fought here.
Their

courage changed the course of history, not just for families

like mine, but for entire nations.
The Battle of the Bulge

tested allied resolved under extreme conditions, and in

December of 1944 the German Army launched a massive surprise

offensive through the Ardennes, creating the infamous Bulge

of the Allied front lines.
Nowhere was this more evident than

at Bastogne, where Brigadier General Anthony McAuliffe in the

101st Division held the line against overwhelming odds,

encircled and under siege.
McAuliffe and his men faced

relentless attacks under freezing conditions, and when the

Germans demanded surrender, everybody knows the story that

McAuliffe his famous statement ``Nuts!''
the Defiance became

a rallying cry for the beleaguered defenders and a symbol of

American and Allied determination and victory at Bastogne was

marked by a turning point in the battle.
It was the end of

any German offensive, but it came at a high cost.
Over 75,000

were killed, wounded or captured, but their sacrifice endured

that the march toward liberation would continue.