I'll close with a quote

from President Roosevelt.
The light of their sacrifice shall

not grow dim with the passing years, let us ensure that their

gift of liberty endures for generations.
So let us honor

their legacy, not only with our words but our actions.
Let us

strive to live lives worthy of their sacrifice by protecting

the freedoms they fought for, fostering unity amongst nations

and standing resolute against tyranny in all of its forms.
So

May their bravery continue to inspire us, may their memory

forever guide us toward a better world, Thank you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING DR.
RACHEL HARDEMAN

HON.
ILHAN OMAR

Ms. OMAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent and

friend Dr. Rachel Hardeman for her extraordinary antiracist

scholarship.
Dr. Hardeman is the founding director of the Center for Antiracism

Research for Health Equity (CARHE), and the Blue Cross Endowed

Professor of Health and Racial Equity in the Division of Health Policy

& Management at the University of Minnesota School of Public Health.
Her tremendous work at the Center led to her being named one of TIME's

100 most influential people in the world this year.
Led by Dr. Hardeman, the team of researchers at CARHE has garnered

national and international attention for their research on structural

racism in healthcare.
TIME specifically recognized Dr. Hardeman's work

to address America's maternal health crisis, which has focused on

disparate birthing outcomes across race and how police brutality can

impact pregnancy and childbirth.
Dr. Hardeman is committed to lending

her expertise to shape policy that will positively impact our

communities for generations to come, including Minnesota's

groundbreaking Dignity in Pregnancy and Childbirth Act and the federal

Momnibus Bill.
Dr. Hardeman has always placed community at the forefront of her

work, and consistently partners with stakeholders to better inform her

research.
A prime example is her long-standing partnership with the

Black-owned Roots Community Birthing Center in North Minneapolis which

has been instrumental in her research to demonstrate a culturally-

centered approach to birth equity that can help address the maternal

health crisis we are facing.
This honor from TIME is indicative of Dr. Hardeman's dedication to

working closely with community to produce results that are relevant not

just locally, but around the country and the world.
We are very

fortunate to have such a brilliant, diligent, and thoughtful leader in

Minnesota's Fifth Congressional District whose work has, and

undoubtedly will continue to, lead to better health outcomes in

Minnesota and beyond.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Dr.

Hardeman for this recognition and share our gratitude for her

invaluable contributions to the fields of health and racial equity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CHAIRMAN MICHAEL McCAUL HONORS VETERANS

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I was grateful to

participate in CODEL McCaul for the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of

the Bulge.
A highlight of the ceremonies at the Bastogne War Museum in

Belgium was a speech by Chairman Michael McCaul of the House Foreign

Affairs Committee, on December 13, 2024.
As Chairman McCaul completes

his impressive service as Committee Chairman, his sincere presentation

will always be historically appreciated.
Thank you.
It's truly an honor to be here today, but also

to be the presence of our veterans of Battle the Bulge.
You're truly heroes, and I thank you for being here today.
Today we gather to honor and remember the valor and sacrifice

of the men who fought the bitter cold of December 1944 and

changed the course of history, the freedoms that we enjoy

today were born out of this bloody battle, which Winston

Churchill described as undoubtedly the greatest American

battle of the war 80 years ago in the Ardennes Forest of

Belgium, Luxembourg, and Germany.