As Deputy Clerk, Scott proved his muscle and helped build a program

based on a deep understanding of New Jersey election law and its

equitable, just application.
As such, the people of Ocean County

recognized his talents and resoundingly elected him to serve as County

Clerk in 2010.
Since 2010, Scott was elected by wide margins three consecutive

times--a public affirmation and reward for his steady and exemplary

service as a State Constitutional Officer.
When he took the helm as County Clerk, the office had a reputation as

a well-run organization, but Scott still worked to find new ways to

expand its reach and make it even better.
Under his watch, the office

processed millions of vote-by-mail applications and ballots and

millions more sample ballots.
Scott also directed the processing of

countless trade names, passports, notary public oaths and veterans'

cards.
During his tenure, Scott successfully launched the Property Alert

Service to empower the public to monitor any changes made to their

property records.
He modernized election software to enable the public

to monitor election results in real time on the Clerk's website, and he

upgraded the electronic e-records system to attain paperless recording

of over 70 percent of all mortgages and land deeds and other documents.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Scott met and stayed ahead of the

extreme challenges facing county clerks across the state--and he helped

lead the way.
When voters in 2020 were required under state law to use

only vote-by-mail ballots, for the first time ever, he met the task,

secured the trust of the voters and achieved a successful election

process.
A longtime resident of the Borough of Barnegat Light on Long Beach

Island, Ocean County, New Jersey, Scott is moving on to the next

chapter of his life.
He will be greatly missed by me and thousands of my fellow Ocean

County residents, who have taken great confidence and comfort in

knowing Scott Colabella was at the helm, securing free and fair

elections in Ocean County.
We thank Scott for his unparallelled public service.
May God bless my

friend, and bring him added success and great luck in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMARKS OF FOREIGN MINISTER BERNARD QUENTIN

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, on December 13, 2024,

during the commemoration of the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of the

Bulge, hosted by the American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) and

the U.S. Embassy in Belgium, inspiring remarks were presented by

Belgian Foreign Minister, Bernard Quentin.
The alliance of Belgium and

the United States is unshakeable.
Dear Senator, Bill Nelson NASA Administrator and

Representative of His Excellency, the President of the United

States of America, Ambassador Michael Adler, and members of

the official U.S. delegation, including, of course, very

specially, the veterans and their families and carers.
It is

a true honor to stand in front of you here in Bastogne,

ambassadors and other security distinguished guests present

tonight.
Dear Mr. Benoit Lutgen, Mayor of Bastogne, ladies

and gentlemen, dear friends, the nuts that will be thrown

tomorrow in homage to General Anthony McAuliffe, the GIs

elements in which you might drink a delicious local beer in a

Bastogne Cafe later tonight, carefully the last resting place

of General George Patton just across the border.
Not many

battles in history have generated emotions and symbols as

strong as those related to the Battle of the Bulge for many

generations, this Battle is synonymous with courage,

resilience and self-sacrifice.
It is a powerful symbol of

unity and resistance of democratic countries against tyranny

and violence, it is also a potent reminder that peace and

freedom come at a price, as we honor the memory of so many

young soldiers from all over the U.S. and other allied

countries who fell for the freedom of Europe.