History can repeat

itself once again.
We are witnessing the largest land

invasion in Europe since 1939 with Russian aggression in

Ukraine and Eastern Europe.
We are also witnessing the rise

rearing his ugly head.
We are witnessing a world on fire and

a battle again between good and evil.
The significance of

this battle must serve as a reminder that Freedom is Never

Free.
In that the democracies around the world must rally to

the cause of freedom when it is under attack.
We do not

choose our enemies.
They choose us.
And just as we fought the

Nazis during World War Two, we will continue to fight for

freedom and democracy.
It is our duty to take the lessons

learned from our fathers, grandfathers in history, to

preserve what these men fought for.
In a time of great peril,

these men fought against tyranny and oppression, to preserve

freedom.
History will always remember them as the greatest

generation, may God bless our veterans, the fallen heroes of

the Battle of the Bulge, the great people of Bastogne, and

the United States of America, and may He hold them in the

palm of his hand.
Thank you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE MATTHEWS-VU MEDICAL GROUP

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and celebrate

the twentieth anniversary of the Matthews-Vu Medical Group in Colorado

Springs, led by Doctor Richard Vu and his wife Doctor Shabnum Matthews-

Vu.
The Matthews-Vu Medical Group has served the Pikes Peak region with

a focus on the underserved in our community, offering many low-cost

medical solutions for those most vulnerable.
Dr. Vu was born in Vietnam and moved to the United States as a young

boy with his mother and siblings, living in Chicago near his father.
The circumstances of his upbringing instilled in him a hard wark ethic

and desire to serve those around him who are underserved, especially

those on welfare and receiving govemmental aide.
Dr. Vu and Dr. Matthews-Vu, who grew up in East Meadows, New York,

met at Northwestern University Medical School in Chicago, where they

both received their medical degrees.
Dr. Vu completed his residency in

Internal Medicine at Rush-Presbyterian-St. Luke's Medical Center in

Chicago, while Dr. Matthews-Vu completed her residency in Pediatrics at

the University of Chicago.
After residency, the couple first lived in

Arizona and then moved to Colorado Springs in 2004 with their family,

they began their medical practice shortly after the move.
Originally founded with only two and a half physicians and a small

and modest office in 2004, the Matthews-Vu Medical Group has grown to

over sixty providers in five locations with a broad range of

specialties and medical skills.
Specializing in serving our community

and patients who are on government plans such as Medicare, Medicaid,

and Tricare, the Matthews-Vu Medical Group has become a beacon of help

for those in our community who need affordable medical care that is

provided with an intentionally caring and loving heart.
This commitment to the individual and family of every patient is

evident in the way both Dr. Vu and Dr. Matthews-Vu live their lives and

have raised their family.
The love they share for each other and their

family is obvious in the way they interact with each other and every

patient.
They are most attentive to their patients and prioritize their

needs above everything else.
Their passion for medical excellence and

patient service is driven by their mission statement: ``Providing the

highest quality of compassionate care for patients from all walks of

life.''
Dr. Vu and his team ensure that everyone who walks through

their door, regardless of their background or financial means, will get

the medical care they need and deserve.
In 2020 the Matthews-Vu Medical Group opened their own processing

center to process COVID-19 tests, prioritizing speed, accuracy, and

service to our community in the midst of the pandemic.