Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and our colleagues join me in celebrating

the life and legacy of Senator Kay Patterson.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOME REMARKS OF SECRETARY CHARLES DJOU

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, Americans are grateful for

the service of American Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) Secretary

Charles K. Djou who provided welcome remarks of the Commemoration of

the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge at the Luxembourg

American Cemetery on December 14, 2024.
With his AMBC leadership,

American cemeteries worldwide are a permanent recognition of affection

for servicemembers recognizing Freedom Is Not Free.
When Americans

liberate nations from oppression, it is not for occupation as we

request only to have sufficient acreage to bury valiant American

patriots.
Good morning, Your Majesties, Prime Ministers,

Administrator Nelson, Ambassador Barrett, members of the

United States Senate and United States House of

Representatives.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the

Luxembourg American Cemetery.
I'd like to start here this

morning by sharing with all of you a very quick story about

one soldier.
His name is Alexis Sommaripa.
Alexis was born in

Odessa, Ukraine.
He went on to serve.
He went on to graduate

from Harvard University, and when World War Two broke out, he

was 41 years old.
But he nevertheless volunteered to serve in

the United States military, and because of his language

skills, speaking Russian, Ukrainian, German, and French.
He

was put in the Intelligence Corps.
He landed on Normandy

Beach and fought here at the Battle of the Bulge.
He went on

and was assigned to the 37th Tank Battalion, Fourth Armored

Division, unfortunately, after the Battle of the Bulge, while

he was sitting at the top and commanding a tank, Alexis' tank

was strafed by German Messerschmidt.
It wounded the driver,

flinging him from the tank, and the tank Raj fell over on

Alexis.
He is buried here at the Luxembourg American

Cemetery.
He is buried a Plot E, Row 15, Grave, 65.
I raise

the story with all of you, because all of these crosses and

these Stars of David that rest behind me are not movie props.
They are not just figures.
They are the lives of real

Americans who gave the ultimate sacrifice in the cause of

freedom, and each and every one have a story as compelling as

Alexis.
And I raise this story because Alexi was a Ukrainian-

American, and the relevance today with the largest invasion

on the plains of Ukraine, unprovoked, is today steaming

across Europe.
I know, ladies and gentlemen, that there are

many here in this world who question, who doubt, who wonder,

do places like this exist?
Do ceremonies like this still have

relevance today?
I'm here to respond to you, to all who

question, to all who wonder, to all who doubt.
Come, come

here to Luxembourg.
Come here to the Luxembourg American

Cemetery.
Come see these crosses and these Stars of David.
Come and see what true sacrifice is about.
Because you see,

ladies and gentlemen, when the United States of America

stands at its best, when we are at our finest America does

not send its young, its brave and its finest to fight for a

king or

a crown.
We do not fight for a sect or denomination.
We do

not even fight for a motherland or a fatherland, and

Americans most certainly never fight for conquest or plunder

or enslavement of another people.
Instead, when America sends

its young, its brave and its finest to fight and yes,

sometimes make the ultimate sacrifice, America does it for

simple, humble values, the values of liberty and democracy

and when the job is done, when the mission is accomplished,

when America has taken down the dictator and stood up

democracy, Americans do something utterly unique in the

history of mankind.