the Defiance became

a rallying cry for the beleaguered defenders and a symbol of

American and Allied determination and victory at Bastogne was

marked by a turning point in the battle.
It was the end of

any German offensive, but it came at a high cost.
Over 75,000

were killed, wounded or captured, but their sacrifice endured

that the march toward liberation would continue.
The people

of Luxembourg endured the occupation, suffering and loss

during the war, yet they also witnessed liberation brought by

Allied forces who risked and gave their lives in these very

fields.
Luxembourg has shown remarkable dedication to

honoring those who fell here and through the care of this

Cemetery and others like it, you remind us of the enduring

bond forged between the nations in the crucible of war.
And

your commitment endures with your with you being your

presence here, as these sacrifices are never forgotten.
I've

had the good opportunity and good fortune to be at a number

of the American Battle Monuments, cemeteries, and I'm always

in awe of their splendor?
They're pristine.
They're powerful,

you know.
And as we stand here, as you look behind me, 5,076

headstones, both Latin Crosses and Stars of David, were

reminded of the extraordinary courage and the sacrifice of

those who rest here, farmers, factory workers, teachers,

students, fathers, brothers, sons and sisters and daughters,

and they came from all walks of life, all races, and united

for a common cause, the defense of freedom.
Each marker is

perfectly aligned and oriented westward toward home, a

poignant remember of the enduring connection that these

heroes shared with the nation that they fought to protect,

even in eternal rest, they faced the families who awaited

their return but never got to see them again.
The Wall of the

Missing on both sides of the tent consists of two walls

inscribed with the names of 371 service members whose remains

were never recovered.
And these walls standing in solemn

symmetry symbolize the connection between those who fought

and those who remain to honor their sacrifice.
And then,

though their bodies are absent, their memory endures as a

testament to the cost of liberty.
And at the center, right,

or back here behind us stands the small chapel, a place for

reflection and reverence, and the description in their reads

their name liveth forevermore.
These words serve as a solemn

promise that the sacrifices for those who rest here will

never be forgotten.
This Cemetery and its pristine grounds

are solemn and solid markers telling their story.
We spare no

expense to honor those who perished, providing them with a

final resting place fitting of their sacrifice, a place that

reflects the magnitude and courage the debt we owe to their

memory.
And so this sacred place ensures that their

sacrifices will be remembered, not just by those that are

gathered here today, but by the generations to come.
The

sacrifices of those who rest here are not relics of history.
They are the foundation for the present and the future.
NATO

built on the unity and determination shown during these

battles like The Ardennes remains a cornerstone of peace and

security, and then today, NATO's commitment to collective

defense and shared values is a shining city on a hill to

deter aggression and to uphold freedom secured by these brave

men and women.
The courage and resolve of these soldiers

inspire us all, and still, they challenge us to live up to

their legacy by protecting the values they fought for,

liberty, unity and dignity for all.
I'll close with a quote

from President Roosevelt.
The light of their sacrifice shall

not grow dim with the passing years, let us ensure that their

gift of liberty endures for generations.
So let us honor

their legacy, not only with our words but our actions.