Title: ADDRESS OF BRIGADIER GENERAL ANDREW SASLAV; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
189

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ADDRESS OF BRIGADIER GENERAL ANDREW SASLAV

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I was grateful to

participate in CODEL McCaul for the 80th anniversary of the Battle of

the Bulge.
An inspiring speech was delivered by Brigadier General

Andrew Saslav at the Bastogne War Museum, Belgium, on December 13,

2024, confirming the professionalism and dedication of the American

military freedom and democracy.
Ladies and gentlemen, distinguished guests, friends and

family, the brave men and women who fought here 80 years ago,

and most importantly, our veterans.
It is my honor and my

privilege to be with you here today.
It's 05:30.
It's the

16th of December 1944, the ground in the air around the men

and women of the 12th US Army Group begins to shake.
The air

begins to burn.
It is the start of a 90-minute barrage by

1,600 artillery pieces.
It's the start of the last offensive

the Germans would launch in the Second World War.
Their

objective of this fight was to shatter the front lines to

separate forces.
It was to reach the vital port of Antwerp

and ultimately to break the alliance that had landed here in

June.
To this end, the Nazis had assembled three veteran

armies.
They were led by their most proven and battle-

hardened commanders.
They were offered the newest equipment

available and the most technologically advanced capabilities

the Nazis had.
They were fighting their proven play.
It had

taken them across what Europe lightning fast in 1940 and

standing in their way.
Standing in their way were American

divisions that were actually brand new to the front or had

been pulled out of the brutal fighting in the herd and

forest.
Each of those divisions covered an area that was over

twice the size we expected a division to be able to defend.
The numbers were simply in the Nazis favor.
Any war game done

then, any war game done today, would have told you that they

had all the advantages.
But what we must remember here today,

what this battle should always remind us of, what my 27 years

in uniform has taught me is that machines and tools of war

increase the brutality and the lethality of war, but that

training matters, Experience matters, heart and esprit de

corps are essential, and they will upend the results of any

war game ever done.
The Battle of the Bulge had begun.
The

Nazi army slammed into US lines, and while our men fought

hard under overwhelming force, those lines began to break.
Regiments were separated, regiments were surrounded, and the

allies were in trouble.
At Eisenhower's headquarters, they

quickly realized what was happening and the gravity of the

consequences of this attack.
First, they called for the 18th

Airborne Corps.
It was down in bases in France after being

pulled off of a bitter fight in the Netherlands during

Operation Market Garden, the 82nd 101st Airborne were rushed

north.
The 82nd would make its way north of here to a portion

first SS Panzer Corps.
This was not our fight alone.
Field

monitor, Montgomery's, 21st Army Group was rushed from the

north, and Patton's Third Army would make a heroic and simply

amazing 48 hour drive to turn itself and move towards

Bastogne and the Battle of the Bulge, our alliance was

focused and it was moving towards the fight.
But ladies and

gentlemen, this is a human endeavor.
It's the story of humans

that made the difference here 80 years ago in the North.
The

furthest the Nazis would get was within five commit five

kilometers of the Meuse river.
You see there.
They

encountered the Third Royal Tank Regiment of 30th British

Corps, and they encountered Sergeant Frederick Prover

operating a lone Firefly Sherman tank.