Their passion for medical excellence and

patient service is driven by their mission statement: ``Providing the

highest quality of compassionate care for patients from all walks of

life.''
Dr. Vu and his team ensure that everyone who walks through

their door, regardless of their background or financial means, will get

the medical care they need and deserve.
In 2020 the Matthews-Vu Medical Group opened their own processing

center to process COVID-19 tests, prioritizing speed, accuracy, and

service to our community in the midst of the pandemic.
Their processing

center allowed many other businesses in the community, including

medical and dental, to remain open during the pandemic.
Dr. Vu and Dr. Matthews-Vu have three children.
Their family

continues to exemplify the love of Jesus Christ to everyone around

them.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in Congress join me in

honoring and celebrating the Matthews-Vu Medical Group and Dr. Richard

Vu and Dr. Shabnum Matthews-Vu for their dedicated and Christ honoring

service to the Pikes Peak region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BRAD FITCH FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE CONGRESSIONAL MANAGEMENT

FOUNDATION

HON.
DEREK KILMER

Mr. KILMER.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Bradford Fitch

for his 17 years of service to the Congressional Management Foundation

(CMF).
As most of my colleagues are well aware, CMF has played a vital role

over the last five decades in supporting Congressional offices'

continuous efforts to improve their staff management skills and

function as high-performing teams.
Through individual and group

training, informative publications and events that highlight best

practices in management and constituent service, CMF has been

instrumental in helping Members and staff fulfill their

responsibilities to their country, state and district.
Brad first joined CMF in 2001 as Deputy Director and returned to lead

the organization as CEO in 2010.
Prior to joining CMF, Brad spent the

early years of his notable career as a congressional aide, journalist,

consultant, college instructor, internet entrepreneur, and writer.
Brad has served Congress in a variety of roles throughout his

professional life and is well-known and regarded in Washington.
Those

who know Brad won't be surprised to learn he began his career out of

school as a radio and television reporter.
His compelling speech and

engaging personality have been cornerstones to his success.
In 1988, when Brad began on Capitol Hill, he worked for four members

of Congress in a variety of positions, including press secretary,

campaign manager, legislative director and chief of staff.
It was

during this period that it became clear that Brad was a passionate

advocate for the institution of Congress as well as the members and

their dedicated staff.
This year is the 40th Anniversary of CMF's consequential book--

Setting Course: A Congressional Management Guide.
This book has been

extremely influential in how Congressional offices are run today and we

applaud Brad's significant role in its many updates and biennial

distribution for over half of its existence.
In 2002, during a period of rapid--but uneven--shift of Congressional

office communication to the internet, Brad initiated the Gold Mouse

Awards to recognize the best congressional websites and share their

best practices for communicating with, and providing services

to, constituents.
The research and analysis that CMF performed for the

Gold Mouse Awards identified the most innovative and effective web page

practices and then shared that critical information with all

Congressional offices so they could benefit everyone.
In 2018, Brad's vision for establishing an ``Academy Awards'' for

Congress provided the spark for the creation of CMF's Democracy Awards

program.
The Democracy Awards, in a similar approach to the Gold Mouse

Awards before them, are presented to both staff and members to

acknowledge their exemplary use of best management practices,

constituent services and transparency.
By shining a spotlight on these

leaders, the awards showcase their skills and practices for others to

utilize and improve on.