Allies yesterday are allies today, and it

is only by remaining trustful security partners that we will

be able to tackle the current global challenges, a nature of

safety and prosperity.
Belgium's commitment to the

Transatlantic Partnership is a tenet of its foreign policy,

as is our result, to strive for peace in Europe, in Africa

and, of course, in East Asia and the Middle East.
Allies were

also in many other combats with us.
One example among many,

the fight against criminal activities, including narcotics

and the modern slavery of peoples of people smuggling,

increasingly cooperating, both at home and in third

countries.
We need to enhance our common fight, because these

threats are numerous, challenging our freedom and our

democracies worldwide.
Ladies and gentlemen, dear friends, we

are those future generations for which the young GIs,

paratroopers, gunners and Rangers fought 80 years ago.
Let us

show ourselves worthy of those who gave their lives for us,

and let us continue the strong tradition of mutual trust and

friendship that has existed for close to two centuries, and

even more so since World War Two and the Battle of the Bulge,

it is now our duty to preserve the freedom that has been

bestowed on us and to pass it on to today's fellow

generation.
And if you allow me, dear veterans, when I saw

you, I had to remember a personal event late in the 90s.
I

was sitting watching the news with my beloved late

grandmother, born before the First World War.
It was a war in

Serbia, and she was crying, and I don't remember.
I don't

want to remember the stupidity I told her, so why are you

crying?
And she looked at me back, and she loved me a lot,

but there Her eyes were not happy, and she told me, I knew.
What do you know about war?
Nothing, But you know and you

give to all of us.
The best of you.
Thank you very much.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATOR JERRY MORAN AT BASTOGNE

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, the Commemoration of the

80th Anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge, hosted by the American

Battle Monuments Commission (ABMC) and U.S. Embassy Belgium, on

December 13, 2024, at the Mardasson Memorial featured remarks by

Senator Jerry Moran.
Heartfelt observations by a fellow son of a

Kansas, same as Supreme Allied Commander Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Ladies and gentlemen, and our veterans, those who served

here at the Battle of the Bulge and around the globe, who

served in World War Two and the wars that preceded that, and

those who serve today, it's an honor to be with you here in

Belgium to lead this Senate Delegation to the 80th

anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge.
And I want to

recognize my colleagues from the Senate who are here, Senator

Susan Collins, Senator John Barrasso, Senator Kristen

Gillibrand and Senator Maggie Hassan.
I also recognize

Congressman and Chairman McCaul and his House members and

Administrator Bill Nelson in his representation of the

Administration of the United States of America.
We thank all

and significant occasion.
I represent the state of Kansas,

the home of Dwight D. Eisenhower in the United States Senate,

I am the ranking member and incoming Chairman of the Senate

Committee on Veterans Affairs.
In marking this commemoration

in Belgium today and Luxembourg tomorrow, we are here to pay

tribute to and to honor the memory of the men who fought for

freedom on the European Continent and those who remain here,

still lying in internal rest in sites like Ardennes, the

American Cemetery to the north and Luxembourg American

Cemetery to the southeast.