The

furthest the Nazis would get was within five commit five

kilometers of the Meuse river.
You see there.
They

encountered the Third Royal Tank Regiment of 30th British

Corps, and they encountered Sergeant Frederick Prover

operating a lone Firefly Sherman tank.
He engaged the lead

elements, destroying a mark four, a half track and a German

fuel truck.
His actions would allow the allies in the north

three group and counterattack the next day, ceasing the

Movement West Patton's Army advanced to Bastogne in it

private.
James Hendricks, only 17 years old at the time of

the fourth Armored Division came under attack from two Nazi

88 he got out of his vehicle, and he rushed shows with his

rifle, forcing both of the crews of those guns to surrender.
In the meantime, two of his fellow soldiers were wounded.
He

fought off those attackers, and he recovered those two

wounded men.
The column began to move again, and a fuel truck

exploded after being hit.
He rushed forward and pulled the

driver to safety and put out the flames on that driver for

his actions that day, Private Hendrix would earn the Medal of

Honor.
Sergeant Lester Courts, Private Ralph Ellis and

Sergeant George Carroll were all separated from their units

during the fight.
They would survive the battle of the bulge.
They survived because the heroic actions of French, Belgian,

and Luxembourg citizens who came to the raid, Marician and

Elise Goble, Louis Stein, Martz and Mr. and Mrs. Jean,

Pereira, and Baltashier.
They hid, they cared for, and

eventually returned these soldiers to friendly lines, all at

great personal risk.
This fight was about people.
It is

people that make up our alliances.
It is the soldiers and the

citizens that we came here to liberate, that all came

together in the cause of freedom.
But today, ladies and

gentlemen, we stand in Bastogne, the landing ground of the

troopers of the 100 and first airborne.
They were offered the

simplest instructions for their mission, hold the vital

crossroads and don't let that stone be taken.
They arrived

here not by not by parachute, as they'd arrived at every

battle before Europe.
But they arrived here by truck.
But

they arrived with the same determination that they had been

at Normandy, the same fighting spirit that had carried them

into the Netherlands in the face of overwhelming German

forces, they accomplished their mission.
The siege of

Bastogne pitted these high these lightly armed paratroopers

against the armored might of the 47th Panzer Corps.
But

war is a human endeavor, and while the Nazis had lots of

armor, the troopers of the 101st had a rendezvous with

destiny.
Now most of history will tell you that that siege

was eventually broken on the 26th of December, at 1650 hours

as Cobra King, the lead tank of Patton's Third Army reached

Bastogne.
I think the troopers of the 101st would tell you

that the only thing those tanks allowed him to do was

continue the attack.
War is a human endeavor.
It was then,

and it is now.
What the world witnessed 80 years ago is what

happens when the cause of freedom is led by valiant action, a

coalition and Alliance built on freedom and liberty, not

conquest.
In the words of General Dwight D. Eisenhower, the

Battle of the Bulge was a great and glorious victory.
But it

is also a reminder that freedom is not free, that the price

defend it.
Today, we are joined here today by veterans of

that fight from 80 years ago.
And gentlemen, it is my great

honor to be in your presence.
Thank you.
Your legacy is what

makes our Army great today.
Thank you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ADDRESS OF MAJOR GENERAL PETER ANDRYSIAK

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.