In 2018, Brad's vision for establishing an ``Academy Awards'' for

Congress provided the spark for the creation of CMF's Democracy Awards

program.
The Democracy Awards, in a similar approach to the Gold Mouse

Awards before them, are presented to both staff and members to

acknowledge their exemplary use of best management practices,

constituent services and transparency.
By shining a spotlight on these

leaders, the awards showcase their skills and practices for others to

utilize and improve on.
Through his tenure at CMF, Brad has carefully stewarded its strong

reputation for nonpartisan work strengthening the management skills and

workplace practices in Congress while building public understanding and

trust in the legislative branch.
Brad has been a lifelong advocate for

the institution of Congress, members, and staff and we thank him for

his dedication and work on our behalf.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ERIN HANNIGAN UPON HER RETIREMENT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with Representative

Mike Thompson to recognize and honor Erin Hannigan on the occasion of

her retirement after an illustrious career of public service,

leadership, and commitment to the Vallejo, Solano County communities

and beyond.
Erin is a lifelong resident of Solano County and a proud

member of the Vallejo community.
Her dedication and service have left a

profound and lasting impact on those around her.
Throughout her career, Erin held numerous significant roles that

enriched her community.
Her journey in public service began as a member

of the Vallejo Community Development Commission, where she played a key

role in distributing Community Development Block Grant funds to benefit

neighborhoods and organizations in Vallejo.
In 2004, she facilitated

the relocation of a national insurance company's call center to the

Vallejo Waterfront, creating 220 local jobs.
In 2007, Erin was elected to the Vallejo City Council, where she

guided the city through challenging economic times with resilience and

a balanced approach to addressing budget deficits.
She championed

critical initiatives to improve quality of life, including revising

commercial truck routes, introducing the Chronic Nuisance Ordinance,

and supporting smoke-free city parks.
Erin's commitment to public service continued when she was elected to

the Solano County Board of Supervisors, representing District 1 in

November 2012.
Sworn into office in January 2013, Supervisor Hannigan

worked tirelessly to bridge the services and operations of the County

with the community.
Her leadership focused on public safety,

homelessness, human trafficking, health care, and environmental

sustainability.
One of Erin's hallmark achievements is her partnership with the Yocha

Dehe Wintun Nation, which has contributed an extraordinary $7.75

million over eight years to assist those in need in Solano County.
This

partnership has supported a robust collection of programs, including

First 5 Solano, which provides critical basic needs support to families

in crisis and funds initiatives in early learning, school readiness,

social engagement, and community resource information at the First 5

Center in Vallejo.
Erin Hannigan's legacy is one of integrity, leadership, and dedicated

service to her community.
Her tireless efforts and unwavering

commitment have left an indelible mark on Solano County and serve as an

enduring inspiration to all who had the privilege of working with her

or benefiting from her advocacy.
Erin's leadership and contributions will be deeply missed, but she

will undoubtedly continue to inspire those who follow in her footsteps.
On behalf of the constituents of California's 4th and 8th Congressional

Districts, we wish Erin best wishes in her well-earned retirement and

extend our sincere gratitude for her many years of service to the

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MAURY HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM ON THEIR STATE

CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.