``I call upon every man of the Allies to rise now to

new heights of courage, of resolution and of effort, united

in this determination and with this unshakable faith in the

cause for which we fight, we will, with God's help, go

forward to our greatest victory.''
With that message in the

soldiers minds and hearts, the fighting continued through

Christmas, the soldiers huddled in their foxholes and prayed

between shellings, echoing the prayers of their loved ones in

church pews and around the dinner tables back home, as the

calendar turned from 1944 to 1945 the Allied Army steadily

drove back the enemy in a unified push toward victory.
One

year after the war ended on America's Independence Day, the

people of Belgium broke ground on this site to demonstrate

and to dedicate this patch of earth to the memory of the

heroes of the Battle of the Bulge in this center of this

monument, there is an inscription that, when translated into

English, reads the Belgium people remember their American

liberators, July 4, 1946, I thought of that as we drove

through this town and saw the Christmas ornaments, the trees,

the stars, the lights, what happened here 80 years ago makes

life possible here today and other places around our globe.
This Transatlantic partnership forged in war, remains a

pillar of strength for both of for both of our nations,

Belgium and the United States.
And as Russia wages wages raw

war in Ukraine, the bonds of NATO must grow stronger and

continue to deter the aggression of our shared adversaries.
The General indicated what the Germans were trying to

accomplish, and I take his words to say, we too must

demonstrate the Alliance cannot be shattered.
We will stand

together today, shoulder to shoulder, just as the soldiers

who liberated this continent did eight decades ago, 80 years

after the Battle of the Bulge, remember, we remember the cost

paid by those who died here and those who served here.
Time

cannot time must not dim the glory of their deeds.
We often

look for heroes, and we look in baseball parks and

amphitheaters and sports figures entertainers.
We sometimes

look to politicians to be heroes, and sometimes they are.
But

mostly we don't have to look very far for heroes.
They are

among us, among us today in our hometowns across the United

States of America, they are the ones who served there's a

small memorial back home in Abilene, Kansas.
It's a memorial

at the presidential library of Dwight D. Eisenhower that

bears this inscription.
``Let us be glad that such heroes

have lived and mourn those who gave the ultimate sacrifice.
Indeed, let us be glad for those, those heroes who have

lived, those heroes who show us away and let us strive to

live our lives in a manner worthy of their sacrifices.''
God

Bless you, veterans.
Thank you for being our heroes and our

role models.
Thank you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO SENATOR KAY PATTERSON

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a trusted

leader, a tireless champion for civil rights, and a treasured friend.
South Carolina State Senator Kay Patterson transitioned on December 13,

2024.
His integrity, courage, and wisdom will leave an indelible mark

on the State of South Carolina for years to come.
Mr. Patterson was born in Darlington, South Carolina in 1931 and grew

up in our shared hometown of Sumter.
After graduating from Lincoln High

School in 1949 and attending Claflin University, Kay joined the Marine

Corps.
After his discharge from the Corps, he returned to Claflin and

later Allen University through the GI Bill.
As a student at Allen, Kay

cleaned offices at the South Carolina Statehouse where Black people

were forbidden from entering in any official capacity.