We thank all

and significant occasion.
I represent the state of Kansas,

the home of Dwight D. Eisenhower in the United States Senate,

I am the ranking member and incoming Chairman of the Senate

Committee on Veterans Affairs.
In marking this commemoration

in Belgium today and Luxembourg tomorrow, we are here to pay

tribute to and to honor the memory of the men who fought for

freedom on the European Continent and those who remain here,

still lying in internal rest in sites like Ardennes, the

American Cemetery to the north and Luxembourg American

Cemetery to the southeast.
Together, they are the final

resting place for more than 10,000 Americans, and another 834

are memorialized on the wall of the missing places like these

and the monuments where we are today are reminders of the

price that were paid for the liberties that we each enjoy.
The Battle of the Bulge was the largest, as we've heard, the

most costly battle for the Americans during World War Two.
On

the morning of December 16, 1944, under the cover of poor

weather, Nazi Germany launched a final offensive seeking to

divide allied forces and to force a negotiated end to the

hostilities on this Western Front.
Despite being outnumbered,

out gunned short of supplies, it was here during the coldest

winter in decades, where the US Army's 101st Airborne

Division, The Screaming Eagles, held off the enemy's advances

and bought time for the allies to halt and counter the last

gasp the surprise attack of the enemy.
This Band of Brothers

was made up of men from every corner of the United States,

such as Senator Collins, Father Don Collins, Senator

Barrasso, Father John and Senator Hassan's father, Robert

Wood and many more.
Those of you here in attendance today who

have loved ones, who served, who answered the call and to

bear arms in this Battle of the Bulge.
On December 22, 1944,

General Eisenhower, from that small town in Kansas called

Abilene, sent the following message to every member of the

Allied Expeditionary Force.
General Eisenhower said, ``the

enemy is making his supreme effort.
He is fighting savagely

to take back all that you have won, but already in this

battle, your gallantry has done much to foil his plans.
In

the face of your proven bravery, your fortitude, he the enemy

will completely fail, but we cannot be content with just a

mere repulse by rushing out from his fixed defenses.
The

enemy may have given us the chance to turn his great gamble

into his worst defeat.''
I call upon Eisenhower speaking

here.
``I call upon every man of the Allies to rise now to

new heights of courage, of resolution and of effort, united

in this determination and with this unshakable faith in the

cause for which we fight, we will, with God's help, go

forward to our greatest victory.''
With that message in the

soldiers minds and hearts, the fighting continued through

Christmas, the soldiers huddled in their foxholes and prayed

between shellings, echoing the prayers of their loved ones in

church pews and around the dinner tables back home, as the

calendar turned from 1944 to 1945 the Allied Army steadily

drove back the enemy in a unified push toward victory.
One

year after the war ended on America's Independence Day, the

people of Belgium broke ground on this site to demonstrate

and to dedicate this patch of earth to the memory of the

heroes of the Battle of the Bulge in this center of this

monument, there is an inscription that, when translated into

English, reads the Belgium people remember their American

liberators, July 4, 1946, I thought of that as we drove

through this town and saw the Christmas ornaments, the trees,

the stars, the lights, what happened here 80 years ago makes

life possible here today and other places around our globe.