Dear Mr. Benoit Lutgen, Mayor of Bastogne, ladies

and gentlemen, dear friends, the nuts that will be thrown

tomorrow in homage to General Anthony McAuliffe, the GIs

elements in which you might drink a delicious local beer in a

Bastogne Cafe later tonight, carefully the last resting place

of General George Patton just across the border.
Not many

battles in history have generated emotions and symbols as

strong as those related to the Battle of the Bulge for many

generations, this Battle is synonymous with courage,

resilience and self-sacrifice.
It is a powerful symbol of

unity and resistance of democratic countries against tyranny

and violence, it is also a potent reminder that peace and

freedom come at a price, as we honor the memory of so many

young soldiers from all over the U.S. and other allied

countries who fell for the freedom of Europe.
How can we not

think of the Ukrainian soldiers who are today dying in the

snow, in the frozen mud to defend their country against an

unprovoked war of aggression?
Tonight, ceremonies remind us

rightful cause.
It reminds us of our duty to support Ukraine

for as long as it takes, because, as we saw here in Bastogne,

the violence and brutality should never prevail, ladies and

gentlemen, not taking anything away from the tribute we owe

to the British and Canadian soldiers who also fought and died

in the larger theater operation, including your own Brigadier

men, nor the Free Poles, Free French, and also all those

coming from all over the world, including India and Africa.
Looking at the names on the graves, on the Ardennes Forest,

this is essentially an American history and a tragic and

glorious epitome of America's unflinching dedication to

preserving liberty, democracy and human rights in the world.
We are here, first and foremost, to honor freedom and do

tribute to troops from all corners of the U.S. who came here

to liberate our land, my land, from the yoke of Nazism

thousands of miles from their own cities and villages.
We

celebrate them, those who are with us today, the others who

could enjoy and the children, nieces, nephews, grandchildren

and grand grandchildren of those who are not with us any

longer.
We are also here to give a strong message of hope and

unity, both as a minister and as a historian.
I know that the

United States of America and Belgium share a long history

during which they have consistently defended together the

values of humanity and freedoms that both our nations are

built upon.
One moving story I remember was told in a great

documentary series in the battle that was broadcasted in on

Belgium television when I was still a child, already a long

time ago, the story of young servicemen from the Midwest who,

during the battle, were trying to communicate with local

villagers despite not speaking any French.
Soon, they

discovered that the dialect they were speaking back in

Wisconsin or Minnesota was actually a Walloon, one perfectly

understandable to the Bastogne they were addressing.
Like

them, hundreds of thousands of Americans claim Belgian

lineage today.
Thousands of viewers and Belgian citizens live

in the other country, with hundreds of thousands more

employed by investors from the other country and countless

tourist researchers.
And students, sports, people and artists

traveling each year across the Atlantic Ocean.
These are deep

and enduring bonds.
Allies yesterday are allies today, and it

is only by remaining trustful security partners that we will

be able to tackle the current global challenges, a nature of

safety and prosperity.
Belgium's commitment to the

Transatlantic Partnership is a tenet of its foreign policy,

as is our result, to strive for peace in Europe, in Africa

and, of course, in East Asia and the Middle East.
Allies were

also in many other combats with us.