The Ardennes offensive was a turning

point, not just in the time of war, but in our lives.
It

taught us the value of resilience, unity, sacrifice.
Today,

we honor those who did not return, whose lives ended here,

ensuring that turns that tyranny would not prevail.
To my

fellow veterans, thank you for your service, to the families

of the fallen, their sacrifices not forgotten, and to those

who come after us, may you always remember that the freedoms

we cherish came at a terrible cost.
Let us remember of this

Battle inspired us to work for a world where such sacrifices

are no longer needed.
I'm a small man, but I was a tiger back

then, that I had a strong faith in God and in my Catholic

faith certainly helped, although much of what we did was

completely alien to those teachings, the killing was the

worst.
Almost every day, one or more of us would be killed or

wounded, and every day, we would kill German soldiers.
After

a while, we came almost numb to such a thing.
Purple Hearts

were earned by the thousands.
The bleeding wounds of 69,000

young Americans stained the snow and left that Red Badge of

Courage on that blood-soaked field of battle.
The American

army had 90,000 casualties, about 19,000 of that were killed

in action, 20,000 taken prisoners and about 50,000 wounded.
My company was badly decimated, down to about 50 men left

from 200.
My machine gun section of 12 men had five killed

and three badly wounded.
They were my friends.
This country

was truly blessed.
The Ardennes Woods are silent now.
The

battle smoke has fled.
80 years have passed.
Now only

memories and the dead.
Thank you.
May God bless you.
Thank

you.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING SCOTT COLABELLA: FOUR DECADES OF HONORABLE PUBLIC SERVICE

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, I take this opportunity today

to highlight the deep, widespread and heartfelt appreciation shared by

many across Ocean County, New Jersey for their extraordinary County

Clerk, Scott Colabella, who will retire at the end of this month after

a lifetime of outstanding public service to our New Jersey communities.
Scott is a great American patriot.
His story of commitment,

dedication and outstanding work on behalf of New Jersey citizens--and

his leadership in securing foolproof, reliable elections--belongs in

our Nation's congressional record, the official written history of this

country since the Continental Congress.
I first met Scott in the early days of my campaigns and congressional

service.
In fact, Scott was among one of my first congressional interns

in my freshman term in the 97th Congress in 1981.
Serving in my

Washington, D.C. office, Scott proved to be an outstanding worker,

assisting me in the delivery of top-notch constituent service and

legislative analysis.
After working on Capitol Hill and graduating from Rider University

with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science, Scott began a

career of public service rewarded with promotions, achievements and

advancement over the course of the next several decades.
His first stop was an eight-year stretch serving in Governor Tom

Kean's Constituent Service Office and the New Jersey Division of Motor

Vehicles.
Thereafter, for many years, Scott served as the Executive

Director of the Ocean County Republican Organization and ultimately, he

became the Deputy County Clerk, of Ocean County in January 2004.
As Deputy Clerk, Scott proved his muscle and helped build a program

based on a deep understanding of New Jersey election law and its

equitable, just application.
As such, the people of Ocean County

recognized his talents and resoundingly elected him to serve as County

Clerk in 2010.
Since 2010, Scott was elected by wide margins three consecutive

times--a public affirmation and reward for his steady and exemplary

service as a State Constitutional Officer.