The

remainder of his career with the Department of Defense was dedicated to

the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL/RI), where he served as a

Contract Specialist, Procurement Analyst, Grants and Agreements

Officer, Contracting Officer, and R&D Contracting Branch Chief.
During

his time at AFRL/RI, Greg played a pivotal role in drafting Procurement

Policy, Training, and Implementation.
He spearheaded the utilization of

Grants, Cooperative Agreements, Other Transactions, Technology

Investment Agreements, and Consortium Agreements.
Mr. Iannello

dedicated 47 years to supporting the United States Air Force and the

Department of Defense through both his direct employment, and his

contributions at GI.
In addition to his impressive career, Greg holds a Bachelor of

Science in Business and Project Management from SUNY Polytechnic

Institute.
He also achieved an Acquisition Professional Development

Program Level 3 Certification in Contracting under the Defense

Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act.
He was an active member of the

National Contract Management Association (NCMA) and held several

offices including Leatherstocking Chapter President, Certification

Chair, and Fellows Chair.
He also served 3 years on the National Board

Manager.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am deeply

honored to acknowledge Gregory Iannello's extraordinary service,

tireless efforts, profound commitment, and devotion to the United

States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF REVEREND CECIL WILLIAMS

HON.
NANCY PELOSI

Ms. PELOSI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life,

leadership and service of

Reverend Cecil Williams: a spiritual giant who devoted his life to

empowering those marginalized, forgotten and in need.
Reverend Williams embodied the Gospel of Matthew: `for I was hungry

and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink.
I was a

stranger and you welcomed me.
I was naked and you clothed me.
I was

sick and you cared for me.
I was in prison and you visited me.'
Through

his many good works, he transformed countless lives--in the Bay Area

and beyond.
Reverend Williams stood on the forefront of the American struggle for

civil rights and social justice: whether fighting against racism,

protesting the Vietnam War, confronting the crack cocaine epidemic or

bringing compassion to those with HIV/AIDS, to name just a few of his

many good works.
In a moment when the LGBTQ+ community faced intense

discrimination and stigma, Reverend Williams began presiding over the

weddings of same-sex couples in San Francisco--nearly five decades

before marriage equality became the law of the land.
Alongside his beloved wife Janice Mirikitani, who was his partner not

only in marriage but in service, Reverend Cecil Williams helped launch

and lead the GLIDE Memorial Church for six decades.
Strengthened by

their belief in unconditional love and the power of redemption, GLIDE

has built a community of compassion and inclusion in the heart of one

San Francisco's toughest neighborhoods.
Today, more than 11,000 San

Franciscans of all races, ethnic backgrounds, cultures, social classes,

ages, faiths and sexual orientations are a part of GLIDE's vibrant,

diverse congregation.
Living out Reverend Williams and Janice's faith-based social justice

mission, GLIDE is also one of the largest providers of social services

in the city.
GLIDE serves three nutritious meals a day, 365 days a

year, to thousands of San Franciscans in need--while offering

comprehensive support services, including affordable, accessible,

quality health care, mental health services, and HIV/AIDS and substance

abuse treatment.
GLIDE also helps women overcome domestic violence and

oppression by providing housing, child care and supportive services.
Reverend Williams was not only respected but revered in our City as a

clarion voice for love, respect and justice.
At the same time, he

embodied the spirit of our City's patron saint, Saint Francis of

Assisi, who taught us to `Preach the gospel.
Sometimes use words.'
Indeed, he preached the gospel with his inspiring deeds each and every

day.