After a few months of working around his house and playing

golf, he filed for a seat on the City Council in 2004.
After a stint on

the City Council, he decided to run for Mayor and was elected in

November 2007.
Now going on 17 years, Mayor Phillips is the longest-

serving Mayor of Jacksonville since W. Bruce Teachey.
During his tenure

as Mayor, Mr. Phillips has been known for his attentiveness to the

concerns of his Jacksonville constituents.
In 2017, when renewed racial

tensions arose, Mayor Phillips was determined to bring all residents of

Jacksonville together.
He helped to launch the ``One City, Our City, My

City'' campaign to promote healing in his community.
In 2014, Mayor

Phillips received the Long Leaf Pine Award, an honor given to North

Carolinians with an exemplary record of public service.
Mayor Phillips

has spearheaded much development in the city, including revitalizing

the Jacksonville City Hall, building multiple fire stations, and

constructing the Jacksonville Marina.
A lifelong resident of

Jacksonville, Mayor Phillips has demonstrated his love for the city and

its inhabitants.
I feel honored to extend this chamber's recognition of

this faithful public servant, and I look forward to the future success

of Jacksonville with Mayor Phillips at the helm.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KEITH AND GINGER MYERS, FOR THEIR CONTRIBUTIONS TO LOUISIANA'S

HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Myers

family of Lafayette, this year's University of Louisiana at Lafayette

(ULL) Alumni Association Spring Gala honorees.
Mr. Keith Myers and Mrs. Ginger Myers have served as health care

industry leaders for decades.
In 1994, they co-founded LHC Group in

order to address the health care needs of Lafayette's aging rural

community.
The Myers grew a freestanding single home health agency into

a publicly traded company of almost 30,000 employees, now operating in

38 states and the District of Columbia.
LHC Group's success, along with

its significant mission, must be attributed to the Myers' own virtue.
As LHC Group's first nurse, Mrs. Myers established the company's

service-based culture.
She has worked in a range of nursing and

administrative roles in St. Landry Parish; served on LHC Group's board

of directors; and helped to establish one of Louisiana's first rural

health clinics.
She was chair of the Opelousas Woman's Club board; a

committee member for the St. Landry/Evangeline American Heart

Association Heart Gala; and on the executive committee for Go Red for

Women, an American Heart Association fundraiser.
For his part, Mr. Myers served as LHC Group's chairman and chief

executive officer from the company's inception, up to its merger with

Optum.
He is currently senior adviser for Optum and chairman and CEO

emeritus for LHC Group.
Mr. Myers is a co-founder, board member, and

current chairman of the Partnership for Quality Home Healthcare in

Washington, D.C. He is also a co-founder and former board member of the

Alliance for Home Health Quality and Innovation.
He has served as a CEO

member of both the Healthcare Leadership Council and the American

Hospital Association.
Despite LHC Group's national expansion, the Myers have maintained

their dedication to South Louisiana.
LHC Group's headquarters are still

firmly rooted in Lafayette.
The Myers' longstanding commitment to

health care and community is exemplified by LHC Group's recent

commitment of $20 million, over 10 years, to ULL's College of Nursing &

Health Sciences.
This investment will bring endowments, scholarships,

research initiatives and capital enhancements for nursing and health

sciences.
On behalf of Louisiana's 3rd District, I commend Keith and Ginger

Myers for their generous work, and I thank them for their devotion to

South Louisiana.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUZANNE FALZONE

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Suzanne Falzone, an esteemed member of our Yolo County community.