At the same time, he

embodied the spirit of our City's patron saint, Saint Francis of

Assisi, who taught us to `Preach the gospel.
Sometimes use words.'
Indeed, he preached the gospel with his inspiring deeds each and every

day.
May it be a comfort to Reverend Williams' children Kim and Albert,

his stepdaughter Tianne, his grandchildren and all his loved ones that

so many San Franciscans mourn their loss and pray for them during this

sad time--and that his saintly teachings will live on in the hearts of

all those who were blessed to know him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF THOMAS W. KILLIAN

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional life

and the dedicated service of United States Navy veteran Thomas William

Killian.
Thomas was born on April 8, 1931, in Troy, New York where he was

raised and attended school before enlisting in the U.S. Navy.
Thomas

enlisted in the Navy in 1951, serving for twenty years during the

Korean and Vietnam Wars.
During his time in the Navy, he was trained as

a shipfitter and served aboard the USS Baltimore (CA-68), a heavy

cruiser; the USS Lowe (DE-325), an Edsall-class destroyer escort; the

USS Sierra (AD-18), a Dixie-class destroyer tender; and the USS Jason

(AR-8), a Vulcan-class repair ship.
Thomas remained in the Navy until

September of 1971, when he retired at the rank of First Class (E-6).
For his service, Thomas was awarded the Good Conduct Medal, the

National Defense Service Medal, and the Vietnam Service Medal with two

bronze stars.
Thomas married his wife Patricia in October of 1952.
Together, they

shared 69 devoted years of marriage and had 4 children: Thomas, Beth,

Colleen, and Patricia.
After coming home from duty, Thomas returned to

his wife and children in Troy.
Utilizing the skills that he developed

during his career with the Navy, he obtained a job as a fitter and

welder at McKinney Steel Fabrications in Albany, New York where he

worked for 22 years until his retirement in 1993.
When Thomas was not working, he enjoyed spending time with his

family.
He had many hobbies including traveling, camping, surf fishing,

and going on cruises.
A beloved member of his community, he is

remembered for his many professional and private accomplishments.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to

recognize Thomas Killian's extraordinary life of service, hard work,

profound commitment, and devotion to the United States.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF

JOSE LUGO

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Jose

Lugo.
Jose was a loving son, father, brother, uncle, cousin, and

friend.
He put others before himself, and he made people laugh

endlessly.
He loved music and having a good time with his family and

friends, while always ensuring that his friends and family were taken

care of.
While Jose is no longer with us, his loved ones are left with

so many beautiful memories of him.
His favorite places to visit were

Half Moon Bay, Pescadero, or any beach.
He was selfless and truly had a heart of gold, and demonstrated this

by choosing to donate his organs at the end of his life so that others

would receive an opportunity to extend their lives.
He was able to save

five different lives by donating his earthly organs, and for that he is

now a guardian angel and hero.
He will forever be in his family's

hearts, and with his loved ones wherever life takes them.
We love him

and he will be missed dearly.
May he rest in peace.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE NAPA COUNTY LIBRARY LITERACY CENTER

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.