From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUZANNE FALZONE

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Suzanne Falzone, an esteemed member of our Yolo County community.
Ms.

Falzone is being honored at this year's annual Yolo Farm to Fork board

meeting for her pivotal role in shaping its success.
Ms. Falzone was born in Southern California and now lives in Davis

with her husband Paul.
She has two children and three grandchildren.
She is a lifelong educator, having been a teacher, school

administrator, and educational consultant.
She has continued this

passion for education throughout her professional career.
As one of its founders and now current President of the Board of Yolo

Farm to Fork, Ms. Falzone has been instrumental in transforming Yolo

County into a hub for agriculture and garden-based education.
Her

unwavering dedication and visionary leadership have not only fostered

the growth of Yolo Farm to Fork but also left an indelible mark on the

lives of thousands of children within our county.
Some of Ms. Falzone's major accomplishments with Yolo Farm to Fork

include creating over 70 edible school garden programs, acquiring over

24 thousand pounds of produce from 20 small local farms for use in

school lunches.
Ms. Falzone has helped over 3,000 students visit local

farms on field trips and has funded 136 college internships.
Through

her advocacy, Yolo Farm to Fork has not only been able to reach over

10,000 students, but also has provided them with the tools and

knowledge to cultivate a lifelong relationship with healthy eating.
Ms. Falzone's dedication to educating our Yolo County community about

the value of the farm-to-fork community food system is inspiring.
Her

leadership, fundraising acumen, and passion for cultivating a healthier

future has established Yolo Farm to Fork as a cornerstone of community-

driven agricultural education in Yolo County.
Ms. Falzone's knowledge

ensure that Yolo Farm to Fork has remained financially independent.
Ms. Falzone's work on behalf of Yolo Farm to Fork is awe-inspiring.
Her tireless contributions on behalf of the organization and our

broader community reflect her compassion and genuine desire to

contribute positively to the people around her.
Her devotion to

bettering the lives of the children of Yolo County has left an

indelible impact on our community.
Mr. Speaker, we thank Ms. Falzone for her dedicated service and

philanthropic actions in our community and on behalf of Yolo Farm to

Fork.
Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER AND SERVICE OF GREGORY R. IANNELLO

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional

career and dedicated service of Mr. Gregory R. Iannello.
In addition to

being an honored veteran, Mr. Iannello's tenure at Griffis Institute

(GI) and his career with the Department of Defense stand as testaments

to his unwavering commitment to safeguarding the United States.
Greg obtained the esteemed position of Senior T2 Agreements Subject

Matter Expert at the GI, focusing on Technology Transfer agreements for

a decade.
His expertise encompassed Education Partnership Agreements,

Commercial Test Agreements, Cooperative Research and Development

Agreements.
During his 6 years with the Defense Contract Management Agency

(DCMA), Greg served in multiple capacities including Quality Assurance

Specialist, Contract Price Analyst, and Contract Administrator.
The

remainder of his career with the Department of Defense was dedicated to

the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL/RI), where he served as a

Contract Specialist, Procurement Analyst, Grants and Agreements

Officer, Contracting Officer, and R&D Contracting Branch Chief.
During

his time at AFRL/RI, Greg played a pivotal role in drafting Procurement

Policy, Training, and Implementation.
He spearheaded the utilization of

Grants, Cooperative Agreements, Other Transactions, Technology

Investment Agreements, and Consortium Agreements.