YPCC will harness the power of convening for a new generation of

civic leaders, who often are more connected with their peers via

technology and social media than they are in physical time and space.
As generations of leaders have learned, there is nothing like being

``in the room where it happened.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LIEUTENANT PATRICK L. RAWLINGS AS THE JUNE VETERAN OF THE

MONTH FOR MICHIGAN'S 9TH DISTRICT

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable valor

and dedication of Lieutenant Patrick L. Rawlings, Sr.,
our

distinguished Veteran of the Month representing Michigan's 9th

Congressional District.
It is with utmost pride and respect that I

highlight the extraordinary service of this true American patriot.
Lieutenant Patrick Rawlings was born and raised in Keyser, West

Virginia, where he graduated high school, and later attended Potomac

State College from 1961-1962.
His exemplary military career began at 19

years old, when he enlisted in the United States Army.
After enlisting,

he began his training at Fort Knox, Kentucky and later received

Artillery Advanced individual training at Fort Sill, Oklahoma.
He

continued his training, graduating with honors from the Officer

Candidate School earning the esteemed rank of 2ND Lieutenant.
Lieutenant Patrick Rawlings was then assigned to the 1ST Special

Forces Group in Okinawa, which came contingent with more rigorous

training; including Jump School at Fort Benning, Georgia, and Special

Warfare School at Fort Bragg, North Carolina.
His dedication to

excellence and unwavering courage were further demonstrated during his

deployments to Vietnam, where he served as a member of A-Teams A/221

and A/213 assigned to the 5th Special Forces Group.
His leadership,

valor, and unwavering commitment to his comrades-in-arms earned him the

admiration and respect of all who served alongside him.
Throughout his impressive military career, Lieutenant Rawlings

exemplified the highest ideals of service and sacrifice, earning

numerous commendations and accolades, including the Airborne

qualification, SCUBA School certification, and promotion to the rank of

1ST Lieutenant.
His courage under fire and unwavering commitment to his

fellow service members serve as a testament to his character and

dedication to duty.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing our deepest

thanks to Lieutenant Patrick L. Rawlings, Sr.
His life of service and

sacrifice serves as a powerful reminder of the debt of gratitude we owe

to those who have defended our freedoms at home and abroad.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MICHIGAN MUNICIPAL LEAGUE

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor and celebrate the 125th

anniversary of the Michigan Municipal League, an organization dedicated

to making communities better through innovation, connection, and

service.
Since its founding in 1899, the League has played a crucial

role in enhancing municipal governance and fostering community

development across Michigan.
Originally known as the League of Michigan Municipalities, the League

found a permanent home in Ann Arbor in 1928 and established an

additional office in Lansing in 1957.
Initially focused on promoting

home rule for cities and villages, it has evolved to address a wide

range of municipal concerns, from legislative advocacy to comprehensive

service offerings.
Today, the League represents over 500 full-service

cities, villages, and townships.
It has worked tirelessly to educate

and inspire public servants to build trust and create a sense of

belonging among residents and local leaders to build opportunity and

address social and economic needs.
The League's motto is ``Cooperation solves any problem,'' a principle

the organization has demonstrated for over a century by bringing

together officials to learn from one another.
Through its advocacy

efforts and commitment to cooperation and mutual support, the League

has highlighted the transformative power of public service in local

governments.
Throughout its history, the Michigan Municipal League has been

instrumental in numerous significant initiatives.