While Republicans veered away from this bipartisan tradition last

Congress, opposing the bill in the House and blocking debate in the

Senate, this Congress provides a new opportunity to side with the

American people and the fundamental principle that everyone has an

equal opportunity to have their voice heard and vote counted.
We must reject the cynicism that Republicans at the highest level

have espoused when talking about making voting more accessible for all.
Allowing every eligible vote to be cast and counted is not a ``power

grab.''
For democracy to work for all of us, it must include us all, no

matter our background.
The John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act would restore and

modernize the essential portion of the Voting Rights Act that blocks

discriminatory voting policies before they go into effect, creating a

transparent process for protecting everyone's freedom to vote.
I have also repeatedly introduced legislation that further enshrines

our voting rights.
H.R. 42--the Coretta Scott King Mid-Decade Redistricting Prohibition

Act prohibits a state where the congressional districts have been

redistricted after a decennial census from carrying out another

redistricting until after the next apportionment of Representatives

following a decennial census, unless a court requires the state to

conduct a subsequent redistricting to comply with the Constitution or

enforce the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
This legislation was also a response to the Shelby County decision,

as after the 2020 census, many state legislatures redrew aggressive new

measures now that they were no longer subject to preclearance.
For example, Republicans in North Carolina converted a congressional

map that elected 8 Republicans and 5 Democrats into one that could

elect 11 Republicans and just 3 Democrats.
The North Carolina map was skewed in a way that targets Black

political power, meaning that a state that is 20 percent Black could

have only a single Black member of Congress representing them.
Congressional maps in Texas, Ohio, and Georgia are also all

considered severe partisan gerrymanders.
This redistricting cycle also saw unprecedented efforts to undermine

the political power of Black, Hispanic, Asian and Native communities,

especially in Southern states.
While redistricting after a new census is almost always a partisan

process, this bill protects the redistricting process from being

employed too often to skew the maps even further.
Under H.R. 42, once the first redistricting is complete after the new

census, the state's maps cannot be redrawn again until the next census,

unless a court mandates otherwise.
Like the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, this is another

vital piece of legislation that should receive broad support from my

colleagues as it enshrines voting rights nationwide and preserves the

legacy of the Voting Rights Act.
Mr. Speaker, for millions of Americans, the right to vote protected

by the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is a sacred treasure, earned by the

sweat and toil and tears and blood of ordinary Americans who showed the

world it was possible to accomplish extraordinary things.
Let us honor their commitment and sacrifice by enshrining the

legislative protections they fought for.