This ruling

was a major step toward protecting unborn life.
I'll continue

to stand up for the most vulnerable through legislative

actions and advocating for expecting mothers and families so

that they feel empowered to choose life.
Coming to WNC soon: New Army Reserve facility

The Department of the Army is funding a $32 million project

in Asheville for the construction of a U.S. Army Reserve

center, vehicle maintenance facility and organizational

storage building in the Asheville vicinity, to be completed

by June 2026.
I'm pleased that the Department of the Army has agreed with

the approach taken by my House-passed National Defense

Authorization Act (NDAA) amendment, which requires the

Department of Defense to complete a survey of the 15 counties

in North Carolina's 11th District as potential locations for

future defense facilities and report to Congress on its

findings.
The new construction will not only benefit our Army

reservists, but it is also an opportunity for military

leaders to explore additional avenues for WNC to uniquely

contribute to doing our part to support our military and

reservists.
``Unplugged'' Town Hall in Yancey County

Mark your calendars for Tuesday, July 16 to join my next

in-person town hall in Yancey County.
The town hall will take

place from 6:00-7:30 p.m. at the Yancey County Courthouse,

110 Town Sq.,
Burnsville, NC.
I'm looking forward to sharing an update about the latest

legislative opportunities and challenges in Congress and

answering questions about the issues that matter to you.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ERIC SORENSEN

Mr. SORENSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I missed nine votes on June 28, 2024 due

to contracting COVID-19.
Had I been present, I would have voted:

NAY on Roll Call No.
327 on Agreeing to the Amendment: Tenney of New

York Part A Amendment No.
163;

NAY on Roll Call No.
328 on Agreeing to the Amendment: Tenney of New

York Part A Amendment No 164;

YEA on Roll Call No.
329 on Agreeing to the Amendment: Titus of

Nevada Part A Amendment No.
171;

YEA on Roll Call No.
330 on Motion to Recommit: Department of Defense

Appropriations Act, 2025;

NAY on Roll Call No.
331 on Passage: Department of Defense

Appropriations Act, 2025;

YEA on Roll Call No.
332 on Motion to Recommit: Department of

Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2025;

NAY on Roll Call No.
333 on Passage: Department of Homeland Security

Appropriations Act, 2025;

YEA on Roll Call No.
334 on Motion to Recommit: Making appropriations

for the Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs

for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes;

and

NAY on Roll Call No.
335 on Passage: Making appropriations for the

Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the

fiscal year ending September 30, 2025, and for other purposes.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING WWII VETERAN STANISLAU ``STAN'' WOJCIK

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary

life and service of Stanislau ``Stan'' Wojcik, a proud veteran from

Michigan's 9th Congressional District, who passed away on June 9, 2024.
Stan's service and courage as a World War II Navy machinist aboard the

USS Sarasota (APA-204) left a long-lasting impact on his fellow

soldiers and our country.
Born on August 13, 1925, Stan Wojcik exemplified the values of duty,

honor, and sacrifice from a young age.
His service in the South Pacific

during World War II, and particularly in his role aboard the USS

Sarasota, stands as a testament to his sense of service.
During his service, Stan participated in critical operations

throughout the war.
Stan aided in disaster relief after the explosion

of the USS Mt. Hood, the Battle of Luzon, the Battle of Manila, the

Battle of Okinawa, and the invasion of Ie Shima.