Few, if any, African Americans held elective office anywhere in the

South.
Because of the Voting Rights Act, today there are more than 9,100

black elected officials, including approximately 60 members of

Congress, the largest number ever.
Additionally, for the first time in our history, we have a Vice

President, Kamala D. Harris, the first woman, first Black person and

first Asian American to be sworn into that role.
Furthermore, we have the first Black woman, Ketanji Brown Jackson,

serving as a justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Voting Rights Act opened the political process for many of the

approximately 7,000 Hispanic public officials that have been elected

and appointed nationwide, including 56 of whom serve in Congress.
Native Americans, Asians and others who have historically encountered

harsh barriers to full political participation also have benefited

greatly.
The crown jewel of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 is Section 2, which

prohibits the implementation of voting practices or procedures that

discriminate on the basis of race, color, or membership in one of the

language minority groups identified in Section 4(f)(2) of the Act.
Historically, section 5 of the Voting Rights Act provided the crucial

pre-clearance formula--a vital proactive measure to determine which

states and jurisdictions were required to preclear new voting laws with

the Department of Justice or a Federal Court.
For nearly 50 years, section 5 of the Voting Rights Act and the

preclearance formula outlined in section 4 moderated many of the

worst abuses and resulted in many states adopting voting laws and

redistricting plans with an eye to satisfying the concerns of minority

voters.
Despite Section 5's long history and crucial role in ensuring our

democracy was by all the people and for all the people, 11 years ago

the Supreme Court made a disastrous decision that crippled the Voting

Rights Act and endangered voting rights nationwide.
In its 2013 Shelby County v. Holder decision, the Supreme Court

gutted the VRA, striking down section 4's crucial preclearance formula,

rendering the proactive protections of section 5 unusable.
No longer could the Voting Rights Act take a proactive, preemptive

role to stopping discriminatory legislation.
Since then, the need to protect the right to vote and safeguard our

democracy has never been more urgent.
Following the Shelby County decision, state legislatures have

targeted voters and erected deliberate barriers to the ballot box in

what amounts to the most concerted effort to restrict voting access in

generations.
These new restrictive, discriminatory voting laws have

included closing polling stations and reducing their hours, curbing

early voting and vote by mail options, imposing strict ID requirements,

limiting access to multi-lingual voting materials, and making more

difficult to register to vote.
According to the Brennan Center for Justice, at least 31 states have

passed 103 restrictive voting laws since the Shelby County v. Holder

decision in 2013 (as of May 2024).
These measures disproportionately

impact voters of color, Native American voters, voters with

disabilities, and the elderly.
A 2018 Brennan Center report concluded that states previously covered

under the preclearance formula have purged voters off their rolls at a

significantly higher rate than non-covered jurisdictions now that their

new laws are no longer subject to the same level of oversight.
However, threats to voting rights nationwide have not stopped there.
The Supreme Court has continued to undermine key provisions of the

Voting Rights Act.
In July 2021, in its Brnovich v. DNC and Arizona Republican Party v.

DNC, the Supreme Court upheld racially discriminatory voter

restrictions in Arizona despite evidence that these laws were

intentionally designed to target Latino and other minority voters.
In doing so, the Court further weakened the Voting Rights Act, making

it harder to challenge discriminatory laws under Section 2's anti-

discrimination provisions.
Yet, the threats have not stopped there.
With the 2024 election approaching, voting rights have never been

more important and yet have increasingly come under fire.