Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on issues surrounding

military readiness, national security, and the appropriations process.
Dear Friend:

The United States is facing unprecedented threats from

those who want to do us harm, so the House is prioritizing

policies that strengthen our nation's security and borders.
The House recently passed H.R. 8070, the Servicemembers

Quality of Life Improvement and National Defense

Authorization Act for FY25, which is focused on improving our

servicemembers' lives while restoring our military's focus on

warfighting.
I'm excited to share that this bill also included three of

my amendments.
The fist requires the Department of Defense (DOD) to

complete a survey of the 15 counties in North Carolina's 11th

District as potential locations for future defense

facilities.
Western North Carolina's topography is much like

that of many of our adversaries, including China's, and would

be advantageous for military training.
Another of my amendments requires the DOD to submit an

annual report to the General Services Administration about

office space occupancy data so that taxpayer dollars are not

being thrown away on unused office space by the federal

government.
The third amendment would revoke the security clearances of

retired or active members of the armed forces or Defense

Department civilian employees who support or participate in

demonstrations in support of a designated foreign terrorist

organization.
It should be a no-brainer that someone who

supports a terrorist organization should not have access to

classified security information.
This year's NDAA took an important step in getting our

military away from wokeness and back to its mission of

protecting and defending America, and I was glad to support

it.
Open borders put American lives at risk.
Protecting the long-term success of our nation and

Americans require defending our border.
Since President Biden has taken office, there have been

more than 9.6 million illegal immigrant encounters

nationwide, with more than 7.9 million of them just at our

southern border.
Over the past three years, the left's failed border

policies have made every community in America a border

community, and the president's latest executive order does

nothing to actually address the crisis at out southern

border.
Recent news of Americans murdered by illegal immigrants

makes it clear that we must secure our borders to keep our

citizens safe.
We cannot protect Americans if we don't secure

our border.
That's why I helped pass the strongest border

security bill in history, H.R. 2, the Secure the Border Act,

which would put an end to this administration's border crisis

that is putting Americans' lives at risk.
Appropriations season is upon us

The House Appropriations Committee continues to fulfill our

Article I responsibility by moving 12 bills that fund the

federal government through the committee and the House floor

in regular order with robust debate on spending.
A common theme that marks these appropriations bills is a

strong commitment to fiscal responsibility and American

values.
One of the funding bills I helped pass as a member of the

Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee is

nearly 20 percent less than the president's budget request

and nearly 10 percent less than the spending level in FY24.
Notably, this bill prioritizes agencies and programs that

combat terrorism financing, maintain the integrity of our

financial markets, spur small business growth, support the

judicial branch and target opioid abuse.
After the Appropriations Committee's passage of the

Defense, Homeland Security, and State, Foreign Operations,

and Related Programs appropriations bills, the House also

advanced these bills, putting our nation a step closer to

increasing the safety and security of the American people.
Some of the highlights in these bills that strengthen our

national security include the following:

The Defense bill refocuses the DOD on its core mission

preparing combat-ready military forces to deter war and

safeguard our national security.