Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM LORICK; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
110

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM LORICK

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of

Mr. William Lorick, a beloved member of our Amelia Island family.
Born in 1947, William grew up in Augusta, Georgia before attending

Newberry College in South Carolina.
After graduating, William embarked

on a long and extremely successful real estate career.
In 1973, William

moved to Amelia Island, Florida where he lived for the rest of his

life.
William was a pillar of the Amelia Island community, but his service

to the island went far beyond that.
He was key to the growth of the

Lutheran Prince of Peace Church, he was a founding member of the

Barnabas Center, and he was one of the first volunteers for the South

End Auxiliary Fire Fighters.
William also spent years as a mentor in

the Big Brothers program.
He might even be remembered most for his 1929

Ford Model A, which was certainly the coolest car in town.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that all my colleagues join me in celebrating the

amazing life of William Lorick, along with offering our deepest

condolences to his wife Stephanie, their children Barlass and Abigail,

and to all of his friends and family who miss him dearly.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE 250TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST CONTINENTAL CONGRESS

AND THE YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONTINENTAL CONGRESS

HON.
BRENDAN F. BOYLE

Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the

250th Anniversary of the First Continental Congress and Young People's

Continental Congress.
The United States Congress traces its roots to the First Continental

Congress, which convened in Carpenters' Hall in 1774 and was one of the

most significant events in the founding of our Nation.
Colonial

delegates solidified a united American identity by adopting the

Declaration of Colonial Rights, which outlined their grievances with

Great Britain, and the Articles of Association, which created the

colonial coalition that later signed the Declaration of Independence

and fought the American Revolution.
After the Revolution, the

Continental Congress evolved into the Congress of

the Federation and ultimately the U.S. Congress as established by the

Constitution in 1787.
To commemorate the 250th anniversary of the First Continental

Congress, in July 2024 the Carpenters' Company of Philadelphia, the

nonprofit organization founded in 1724 that owns and operates

Carpenters' Hall, will convene the Young People's Continental Congress

(YPCC).
From July 15-19, a diverse group of high school students and

their teachers from the 13 original colonies will gather in

Philadelphia to explore our Nation's founding.
A second convening in

July 2025 will engage students and teachers from all 56 states and

jurisdictions.
YPCC is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to engage young people in

history and civics as well as launch Philadelphia's celebration of the

Semiquincentennial of American independence in 2026.
YPCC has been

named a National Partner Program of America250 and has been endorsed by

America250PA and Philadelphia250.
YPCC delegates will discuss America's

founding principles and how those principles have been expressed over

our history.
They will also experience Philadelphia's world-class

historic attractions to enhance their understanding of the democratic

process and how our country began.
The program will provide young

people across the country with the opportunity to share their voices

and perspectives.
YPCC will harness the power of convening for a new generation of

civic leaders, who often are more connected with their peers via

technology and social media than they are in physical time and space.
As generations of leaders have learned, there is nothing like being

``in the room where it happened.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LIEUTENANT PATRICK L. RAWLINGS AS THE JUNE VETERAN OF THE

MONTH FOR MICHIGAN'S 9TH DISTRICT

HON.