Notably, this bill prioritizes agencies and programs that

combat terrorism financing, maintain the integrity of our

financial markets, spur small business growth, support the

judicial branch and target opioid abuse.
After the Appropriations Committee's passage of the

Defense, Homeland Security, and State, Foreign Operations,

and Related Programs appropriations bills, the House also

advanced these bills, putting our nation a step closer to

increasing the safety and security of the American people.
Some of the highlights in these bills that strengthen our

national security include the following:

The Defense bill refocuses the DOD on its core mission

preparing combat-ready military forces to deter war and

safeguard our national security.
The measure includes

targeting funding to counter China and related adversaries,

supporting innovation to develop modernized weapons and

capabilities, and supporting our servicemembers and their

families, including giving a pay raise to all military

personnel.
It also reduces waste by cutting $18 billion from the

president's budget request and eliminating the use of

taxpayer dollars that would have gone to fund the radical

left's woke agenda.
The Homeland Security bill takes steps toward securing our

southern border and makes sure that the Department of

Homeland Security upholds federal law.
The measure includes

providing $600 million for constructing the southern border

wall, sustained finding for 22,000 Border Patrol agents, and

prohibits the transportation of illegal immigrants into the

interior of the United States for purposes other than

enforcement.
The State and Foreign Operations bill prioritizes agencies

and programs that protect our national security while

safeguarding our global economic interests, supporting our

allies, targeting our enemies and promoting freedom and

democracy abroad in a fiscally responsible manner, cutting

overall funding by 11 percent.
The measure includes about S2 billion for U.S. national

security interests in the Indo-Pacific and to counter

influence by our adversaries, and more than $3 billion for

Israel to defend itself against terrorist attacks.
The bill

also stops funding for the United Nations' regular budget,

terminates more than 18 unnecessary programs and eliminates

33 special envoys and special representatives at the

Department of State.
This administration's America Last foreign policy approach

has weakened the United States' standing on the world stage,

emboldened our adversaries such as China, Iran and Russia,

abandoned our allies and placed American servicemembers'

lives at risk.
As the House Appropriations Committee continues to work

through our process of funding the government, you can follow

along on Facebook or X for ongoing updates.
If Congress does not do our job, we do not go home

Every year since 1996, Congress has failed to pass our

annual spending bills on time, and yet once August rolls

around, Congress goes home, despite work still left to be

done in DC.
We cannot continue putting funding our federal

government on the backburner.
The Constitution gives the power of the purse in Congress,

yet we cannot seem to get our single most important job done

in a timely manner.
I'm introducing the Do Our Job Act because if our work is

not done, we should not go home.
The American people cannot

afford Congress not funding our government on time.
The way

Congress runs is broken, and this bill is one of the ways

that I'm waking to fix how Washington works.
Standing up for life

The second anniversary of the Supreme Court's landmark

Dobbs decision is a celebratory reminder that the

Constitution does not grant a right to abortion.
This ruling

was a major step toward protecting unborn life.
I'll continue

to stand up for the most vulnerable through legislative

actions and advocating for expecting mothers and families so

that they feel empowered to choose life.
Coming to WNC soon: New Army Reserve facility

The Department of the Army is funding a $32 million project

in Asheville for the construction of a U.S. Army Reserve

center, vehicle maintenance facility and organizational

storage building in the Asheville vicinity, to be completed

by June 2026.