In doing so, the Court further weakened the Voting Rights Act, making

it harder to challenge discriminatory laws under Section 2's anti-

discrimination provisions.
Yet, the threats have not stopped there.
With the 2024 election approaching, voting rights have never been

more important and yet have increasingly come under fire.
Since January of 2024, at least six states have enacted seven

restrictive laws.
Some states have spent the past few years piling on restrictions.
Voters in 28 states will face new restrictions that weren't in place

in the last presidential election.
These include a new law in Alabama and Idaho that broadly

criminalizes certain forms of assistance with absentee voting and mail

ballots, limiting voting access for elderly voters, voters with

disabilities, and those with limited access to transportation.
Indiana enacted a law that heightens the chances that naturalized

citizens will be wrongly removed from the voting rolls.
A new law in Tennessee restricts the time frame voters have to

request an absentee ballot.
A new Arizona law shortens the period during which voters may correct

issues with their signatures on mail ballots.
A new West Virginia law now requires county clerks to cancel the

registrations of voters who get out of state driver's licenses,

creating a burden on students, military members, and others who

temporarily reside outside the state but intend to return and therefore

remain eligible to vote in West Virginia.
In my home state of Texas, new restrictions have been implemented on

absentee voting and new legislation empowers the state to more freely

purge voter rolls--a process that often results in legitimate voters

unknowingly being removed and finding themselves unable to vote come

November.
In the face of all these threats, what can be done to preserve voting

rights?
One crucial step is the passage of the John R. Lewis Voting Rights

Advancement Act.
This landmark legislation would restore and modernize the protections

of the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
In doing so, it would protect the right to vote and safeguard our

democracy by preventing restrictive, discriminatory voting laws from

taking effect.
It does so by establishing a new modern-day framework to determine

which states and localities have a recent history of discrimination and

require such jurisdictions to preclear new election changes, preventing

restrictive and discriminatory voting laws from taking effect.
In other words, it revives and refreshes the preclearance formula for

the modern era, enabling Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act to once

again preemptively prevent threats to voting rights.
It also restores Section 2 of the Voting Rights Act by eliminating

the heightened standard required to challenge discriminatory voting

laws created by the Supreme Court in Brnovich v. DNC.
Voting rights should not be a partisan issue.
It is the duty and responsibility of Congress to safeguard voting

rights across our Nation.
Our freedom to vote is our most sacred and fundamental right.
It is the right upon which all our other rights rest, and allows us

to determine the future of our communities and families, and ensure

opportunities for all.
Since enactment, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 has been reauthorized

five times with large, bipartisan majorities.
The VRA's most recent authorization occurred in 2006 when it passed

unanimously in the U.S. Senate (98-0) and was signed by Republican

President George W. Bush.
There is no reason that the effort to restore the VRA to its full

strength should be any different.
While Republicans veered away from this bipartisan tradition last

Congress, opposing the bill in the House and blocking debate in the

Senate, this Congress provides a new opportunity to side with the

American people and the fundamental principle that everyone has an

equal opportunity to have their voice heard and vote counted.
We must reject the cynicism that Republicans at the highest level

have espoused when talking about making voting more accessible for all.
Allowing every eligible vote to be cast and counted is not a ``power

grab.''