The League's motto is ``Cooperation solves any problem,'' a principle

the organization has demonstrated for over a century by bringing

together officials to learn from one another.
Through its advocacy

efforts and commitment to cooperation and mutual support, the League

has highlighted the transformative power of public service in local

governments.
Throughout its history, the Michigan Municipal League has been

instrumental in numerous significant initiatives.
The League played a

vital role in the construction of the Mackinac Bridge in the 1950s, a

landmark project that connected Michigan's Upper and Lower Peninsulas.
Its advocacy was pivotal in the expansion of the Dial-A-Ride

Transportation system in 1975, which greatly benefited seniors and

individuals with disabilities.
Additionally, the League championed the

Complete Streets Act in Michigan, which was signed in 2010 and promotes

mobility and safety for all users, including pedestrians, public

transportation users, older individuals, and children.
In 2009, the League, alongside the Detroit Regional Chamber and

Transportation Riders United, formed a coalition to embrace public

transit as a powerful economic development tool and resource for

residents.
This initiative underscored the League's belief in

collaborative efforts and the power of community-focused policies that

has been a tenet of its mission since its earliest days.
This 125th anniversary is a perfect time to recognize the Michigan

Municipal League for its dedication to improving local governance and

fostering vibrant, equitable communities.
It is with great respect that

I honor the League's 125 years of service and its ongoing contributions

to Michigan's cities, villages, and townships.
May the Michigan

Municipal League continue to inspire and lead for many more years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF ANTHONY (TONY) ZAMPIELLO

HON.
GRACE F. NAPOLITANO

Mrs. NAPOLITANO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the long career of

public service provided to the people of the San Gabriel Valley and

Southern California by Anthony (Tony) Zampiello of the San Gabriel

Valley Water Association and the Main San Gabriel Basin Watermaster.
Water policy and management is one of the most controversial,

complicated, and costly issues in California.
In my region there are

hundreds of different water supply agencies, water treatment works,

water distributors, and water users.
One of the things that the varied

water interests in the San Gabriel Valley agree on is the deep

gratitude we have for the invaluable expertise of Tony Zampiello over

the past 35 years.
Tony has been at the forefront of managing water agencies and

advising policy makers on historic water rights, urban water usage,

infrastructure, federal programs, and groundwater management.
As the

primary groundwater manager in the San Gabriel Valley, Tony has

effectively administered basin levels and usage through cycles of

drought and heavy storm seasons.
The San Gabriel Basin would not have

withstood the severe droughts of the past decade and come back at

heightened levels the way it did if it were not for Tony's leadership.
Tony has testified in Congress and provided policy advice that has

been at the forefront of the water debates and legislation signed into

law.
He was the impetus for multiple provisions in Water Resources

Development Acts that have led to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers

improving groundwater recharge and dam operations in Southern

California.
He advocated for improved stormwater capture that led to a

new Clean Water Act program for stormwater in the Bipartisan

Infrastructure Law.
He has championed water recycling that has spurred

Congress to provide millions of dollars in additional Bureau of

Reclamation funding to reuse wastewater and release it into spreading

grounds and improve our aquifers.
Mr. Speaker, we are happy that Tony is moving on to a much-deserved

retirement, but we will greatly miss the reservoir of knowledge that he

has provided to water managers and policy makers.