From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE STANLEY NOVACK

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Judge

Stanley Novack of Stamford, Connecticut.
Judge Novack was a pillar of the Stamford community and a scion of

Jurisprudence, serving 49 years on the bench across various judicial

appointments in Connecticut.
First elevated to the bench in 1975, Judge

Novack was one of the longest presiding Connecticut Superior Court

judges who had a special affinity for his time adjudicating family law

cases.
He handled these particularly fraught situations with a

sincerity, good-humor, and empathy that regularly left litigants and

lawyers grateful to have come before him to have their cases heard.
Coined ``the father of family law in Connecticut'' by his colleagues

at a celebration of his 40th year on the bench, Judge Novack was the

recipient of numerous prestigious awards, including the Distinguished

Service Award from the Connecticut Chapter of the American Academy of

Matrimonial Lawyers and the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Fairfield

County Bar Association.
Beyond his laudatory judicial career, Judge Novack was known to be a

truly remarkable human to his colleagues and family.
He was famous for

his uncanny ability to remember the birthdays of his fellow judges, the

lawyers who argued before him, and the legal secretaries who

transcribed his notes--and even their children.
Alongside his wife of

over thirty years, Muriel, Judge Novack never missed one of his

granddaughters' ballet recitals, theater performances, or academic

graduations.
And, in keeping with his devotion to our great state, he

was an avid fan of the UCONN Men and Women's basketball teams,

excitedly welcoming each of his alma matter's national championship

victories.
Judge Novack's life stands as a testament to his dedication to public

service and commitment to his community.
His legacy, both in the form

of the case law he created and the wonderful family he leaves behind,

will serve as a tribute to his many years of hard work.
I thank Judge

Novack for all that he did for Connecticut.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY

OFFICE HOME RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Government Accountability Office Home Rule Act.
This bill would repeal

the authority of the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) over

the District of Columbia.
GAO, a federal agency that conducts investigations and audits for

Congress, has the same authority over D.C. that it has over federal

agencies.
GAO's authorizing statute defines D.C. as a federal agency.
In addition, GAO's authorizing statute and the D.C. Home Rule Act

require GAO to engage in specific types of oversight of D.C.

D.C. is not a federal agency, and it should never be treated as such.
D.C. already has a locally appointed auditor and inspector general, so

GAO's authority over D.C. is both redundant and offensive.
GAO does not

have general authority over states and cities, and therefore should not

have such authority over D.C. This bill is an important step to

increase home rule for D.C.

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on issues surrounding

military readiness, national security, and the appropriations process.
Dear Friend:

The United States is facing unprecedented threats from

those who want to do us harm, so the House is prioritizing

policies that strengthen our nation's security and borders.
The House recently passed H.R. 8070, the Servicemembers

Quality of Life Improvement and National Defense

Authorization Act for FY25, which is focused on improving our

servicemembers' lives while restoring our military's focus on

warfighting.