His service in the South Pacific

during World War II, and particularly in his role aboard the USS

Sarasota, stands as a testament to his sense of service.
During his service, Stan participated in critical operations

throughout the war.
Stan aided in disaster relief after the explosion

of the USS Mt. Hood, the Battle of Luzon, the Battle of Manila, the

Battle of Okinawa, and the invasion of Ie Shima.
His contributions

during these campaigns underscored his unwavering commitment to

defending our Nation during one of the most defining eras of our

history.
Throughout his service, Stan Wojcik was awarded numerous honors

recognizing his bravery and dedication, including the Combat Action

Ribbon, China Service Medal, American Campaign Medal, Asiatic Pacific

Campaign Medal, World War II Victory Medal, Navy Occupation Service

Medal, Honorable Service Lapel Pin, Philippine Republic Presidential

Unit Citation, and the Philippine Liberation Ribbon.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in offering Stanislau

Wojcik's family, friends, and community our deepest condolences.
We are

indebted to his generation for their bravery, sacrifice, and

leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

THE STATE OF VOTING RIGHTS IN AMERICA

speech of

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues for

hosting this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order to discuss the

issue at the heart of American democracy--our right to vote.
This right is fundamental to our democracy and a threat to it is a

threat to America itself.
A crucial benchmark of progress and inclusion in this country has

been the passage of one of the most important pieces of legislation in

our nation's history--the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
Signed in to law by President Johnson, this legislation helped to

reinforce America's promise of a truly democratic Nation and our 15th

Amendment prohibition on denying Black Americans the right to vote.
The Voting Rights Act served as a beacon for full political

participation and engagement in our nation for all Americans.
Because of that law, I stand before you as Congresswoman Sheila

Jackson Lee, the first African American woman Ranking Member of the

House Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, and a Senior Member on the

Judiciary, Homeland Security, and the Budget Committees.
On August 6, 1965, in the Rotunda of the Capitol and in the presence

of such luminaries as the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Rev.

Ralph Abernathy of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference; Roy

Wilkins of the NAACP; Whitney Young of the National Urban League; James

Foreman of the Congress of Racial Equality; A. Philip Randolph of the

Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters; John Lewis of the Student Non-

Violent Coordinating Committee; Senators Robert Kennedy, Hubert

Humphrey, and Everett Dirksen; President Johnson addressed the Nation

before signing the Voting Rights Act:

``The vote is the most powerful instrument ever devised by man for

breaking down injustice and destroying the terrible walls which

imprison men because they are different from other men.''
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was critical to preventing brazen voter

discrimination violations that historically left millions of African

Americans disenfranchised.
In 1940, for example, only about 3 percent of African Americans

living in the South were registered to vote.
Poll taxes, literacy tests, and threats of violence were the major

causes of these racially discriminatory results.
In 1964, the year before the Voting Rights Act became law, there were

approximately 300 African-Americans in public office, including just

three in Congress.
Few, if any, African Americans held elective office anywhere in the

South.
Because of the Voting Rights Act, today there are more than 9,100

black elected officials, including approximately 60 members of

Congress, the largest number ever.
Additionally, for the first time in our history, we have a Vice

President, Kamala D. Harris, the first woman, first Black person and

first Asian American to be sworn into that role.