He advocated for improved stormwater capture that led to a

new Clean Water Act program for stormwater in the Bipartisan

Infrastructure Law.
He has championed water recycling that has spurred

Congress to provide millions of dollars in additional Bureau of

Reclamation funding to reuse wastewater and release it into spreading

grounds and improve our aquifers.
Mr. Speaker, we are happy that Tony is moving on to a much-deserved

retirement, but we will greatly miss the reservoir of knowledge that he

has provided to water managers and policy makers.
I ask my colleagues

to join me in congratulating Tony Zampiello on his retirement, and

thanking him for his long career of public service to the people of

Southern California.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JOSEPH L. LEVESQUE, C.M.

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable life

of Reverend Joseph L. Levesque, C.M. A faithful priest, visionary

leader, and beloved community member.
Father Levesque was a true pillar

of our community.
His unwavering commitment to service changed the

lives of all whom he knew.
A native of North Tarrytown, NY, Father Levesque entered the

Congregation of the Mission after finishing high school.
He completed

his studies at Mary Immaculate Seminary in 1967 and became an ordained

Vincentian priest.
Afterwards, Father Levesque taught religious studies

at St. John's Preparatory School, St. Joseph's Seminary, and Niagara

University before pursuing his Doctoral Degree in theology at Catholic

University of America.
In 1978, Father Levesque returned to Niagara University to continue

teaching.
Here, he was named the Dean of the College of Arts and

Sciences and the Director of the Graduate Division.
Returning to seminary work in 1986, Father Levesque became the

president of St. Joseph's Seminary, a school where he previously

taught.
He was later elected provincial superior of the Eastern

Province of Congregation of the Mission in 1990 and served a full nine-

year term.
Father Levesque began his tenure as the 25th president of Niagara

University in 2000.
Holding this role for 13 years, he became the

fourth longest-tenured president in the University's history.
Under his

leadership, Father Levesque expanded the University's footprint and

ensured its long-term success.
He led ``The Promise of Niagara . . .
The next 150 years'' campaign, raising a record $80 million for the

university.
These funds were used to build new state of the art

facilities on campus and to renovate existing spaces.
After Father

Levesque stepped down from the presidency in 2013, the Niagara

University Board of Trustees voted to confer him with the title

President Emeritus.
At the culmination of his academic career, Father Levesque earned

honorary degrees from Niagara University and St. John's University, two

States, and an honorary doctorate from Christ the King Seminary.
Beyond academia, Father Levesque remained an active member and leader

in the community.
He served as the board chair of both St. John's

University and Niagara University.
Additionally, Father Levesque was an

active member of the Conference of Major Superiors of Men, a leadership

organization for religious men in the United States.
Through his roles

as President and Liaison to the National Conference of Catholic

Bishops' Committee on the Liturgy, Father Levesque gained national

recognition for his work with the Catholic bishops and church

authorities in Rome.
Today, we celebrate the enduring legacy of Father Joseph L. Levesque.
His commitment to faith, passion for service, and unwavering leadership

has changed our community for the better.
Please join me in honoring

Father Levesque for a lifetime of tremendous service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE STANLEY NOVACK

HON.
JAMES A. HIMES

Mr. HIMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Judge

Stanley Novack of Stamford, Connecticut.