Mrs. Stewart dedicated thirty-seven and a half years to Citizens and Southern Bank, now known as Bank.
She was subsequently employed at SunTrust Bank for twenty-six years.
A true trailblazer, Reba became the first female banking officer and the first female branch manager in Albany during her time at Citizens and Southern Bank.
It has been said that ``Service is the rent that we pay for the space that we occupy here on this earth.''
Reba paid her rent, and she paid it well.
She was committed to giving back to the community that had nurtured her for so long.
Her sense of pride for Albany propelled her into many leadership roles with various social and civic organizations including serving as past Chairperson of the Board of Directors for the American Heart Association, Albany YMCA, SOWEGA Council on Aging, and the Boys and Girls Club.
She played pivotal roles in fundraising to build the Chapel at Phoebe Putney Memorial Hospital and helping to construct the new church at Byne Memorial Baptist Church of Albany.
Additionally, she contributed her talents to the Foundation Boards of Darton College and Albany State College (now university), as well as the Board of Directors of SunTrust Bank.
Reba's dedication to her community was further demonstrated through her membership in the Dougherty County Kiwanis Club.
Throughout her life, 
Mrs. Stewart received numerous accolades that reflect her profound impact on the community.
Among these are Albany's Woman of the Year, the Golden Deed Award from The Exchange Club of Albany, the Woman of Distinction Award from the Girl Scouts of America, and the Woman of the Youth Award from the Boys and Girls Club of Albany.
Guided by her strong faith, she was a devoted member of Byne Memorial Baptist Church.
Reba cherished her church and her church family for seventy-three years.
She actively participated in various church activities, generously reaching out to the community through mission efforts.
On a personal note, Reba was my dear friend and neighbor for many years.
She always greeted me with a warm smile and sometimes not so subtle advice.
She never told me what I wanted to hear, but she always told me what she felt I needed to hear.
I will be forever grateful for the fidelity of her friendship and the timbre of her character.
Reba accomplished much in life but none of it would have been possible without the love and support of her beloved late husband of sixty-two years, Emmett; her daughter, Leslie Stewart Sullivan; her two grandchildren Clay and Mary Stewart Sullivan and a host of other relatives and friends.