Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Farnham and Bordon  (Greg Stafford)  for describing his constituency so passionately.
While we may strongly disagree on the need for growth and new development in this country, we may agree more on the future of our NHS, and I look forward to working together on that ambition.
I am a proud Londoner, and like many Londoners I was not actually born here; I am delighted to share with you that I was born in Manchester and my family comes from Lancashire.
In fact, for most of my childhood I was aware of only one football team—the Bolton Wanderers—but for the last 42 years London has been my home, and the chance to represent my home city is truly a special honour.
I put on record my thanks to the residents of the Cities of London and Westminster for placing their trust in me as their representative.
I start by thanking Nickie Aiken for her service.
She is a pioneer, as the first woman to represent the Cities of London and Westminster, and is remembered fondly by many residents.
She has shown me kindness and offered her advice, for which I am grateful.
I know that here and across the constituency she will be remembered for her tireless work campaigning to regulate pedicabs, and her work to end the Vagrancy Act 1824 and deliver the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.
I also pay tribute to my good friend Karen Buck, who represented the St John’s Wood neighbourhood wards of Abbey Road and Regent’s Park, which joined the two Cities constituency in the recent boundary review.
When walking through Westminster with Karen, it is hard to find anyone in her constituency who does not know her and has not been helped by her.
Through her tireless casework for tens of thousands of constituents, and her Homes (Fitness for Human Habitation) Act 2018, Karen has made an outstanding contribution to lives in Westminster and beyond.
She is a fearless representative and campaigner and a kind and wise friend.
I am so grateful for her advice, and will do my very best to live up to her high standards.
From 1977 to 2001, the two Cities were represented by Peter Brooke, who is remembered for his work as the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, and later as the Secretary of State for National Heritage.
Finally, I also remember J. S. Mill, who represented the City of Westminster from 1865 to 1868, and who in 1866 became the first person in the history of Parliament to call for women to be given the right to vote.
I hope that he would be happy to see Nickie, Karen and I delivering on his pioneering work for equality here in the two Cities.
Truly, when a woman is tired of London she is tired of life.
The Cities of London and Westminster are home to great cultural institutions: the national gallery, the royal opera house, the commercial centres of Oxford Street and Edgware Road, innovative start-ups alongside major international corporations, the Government here in Westminster and Whitehall, the international financial centre of the City of London, the beautiful Hyde Park, Regent’s Park and St James’s Park alongside the residential squares of Belgravia and Marylebone, and yes, Buckingham Palace.
Many Members will know the neighbourhoods of Soho, Fitzrovia and Covent Garden as places to spend a night out.
In fact, tens of thousands of people live here.
We have St Bartholomew’s, one of London’s oldest churches, Bevis Marks, the oldest practising synagogue in the UK, and London Central Mosque.
Just minutes away from Parliament we have the Peabody estates of  Westminster, the pioneering and beautifully designed Churchill Gardens and Lillington and Longmore estates, the architectural delights of the Barbican, Golden Lane and the historic communities of Petticoat Square and the Guinness estate in Portsoken ward.
All those places are home to diverse communities living side by side, but also to inequality and injustice, and the struggle to find a stable, affordable and decent home is holding people in my constituency back from meeting their potential.
That struggle is holding our city and our country back from meeting our potential.
Tackling the housing crisis has brought me into politics, and this debate on the King’s Speech proposals for economic growth is an important time to highlight the situation that many of my constituents face.
Nearly 20 years ago, I worked at the Treasury on the Barker review of planning.
It is with sadness that I note that we are still not delivering the homes we need.
I am determined that this Government will deliver on our promise to build more affordable homes.
Ending no-fault evictions will bring certainty and security for the approximately 40% of households in the Cities of London and Westminster who are renting privately.
Our cross-Government strategy will put Britain back on track to ending homelessness, rough sleeping and temporary accommodation, which have been rising here for years and are harming so many.
I am grateful to organisations such as The Passage and The Connection here in the two Cities for doing so much to support vulnerable people.
The Cities of London and Westminster has one of the highest proportions of leasehold homes in the country.
Residential leasehold is trapping tenants with unaccountable landlords, and I am pleased the Government have pledged a leasehold and commonhold reform Bill.
It is characteristic of such an international place that global patterns affect our local communities.
The rise of short-term letting and the risk of dirty money in property are contributing to a loss of homes for Londoners, and as their representative here I am determined to tackle that.
I will be standing up for our local hospital and St Mary’s in Paddington, and continuing our campaign to secure funding for the redevelopment of London’s major trauma centre.
The story of the two Cities is one that is optimistic, outward-looking, hard-working and driven.
I hope to continue to represent this place in that fashion.
I am the first Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament to ever represent this historic constituency, and I join colleagues in closing with a pledge to approach this new Parliament with a renewed commitment to respectful debate and disagreement.
Elections are a time to make a choice.
Now that a decision has been made, it is time to move forward with a relentless focus on public service and delivery.
It is with honour and humility, and a sense of trepidation, that I rise to make my maiden speech.
I think of those who have spoken here before and the gravity and seriousness of the issues that have been debated and discussed.
I hope that this Parliament is no different in how it discharges its duties, and that we in this intake of new Members live up to those standards.
I congratulate the many new Members on their maiden speeches, which have set a high bar.
Like everyone else in this House, I wish to thank sincerely those who placed their faith and trust in me by electing me.
I am indebted to the electorate of South Antrim for the support that I have received from across the entire community—indeed, entire communities—in my election to this place.
I also thank the dedicated campaign team who supported me during what was an honourable campaign.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Mr Paul Girvan, not just for his tenure as a Member of this House, but for his time as a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and as a local councillor.
South Antrim has moved between Paul’s party and my Ulster Unionist party on a number of occasions.
With that, I carry the privilege  and honour of returning the UUP to this place after a seven-year absence, and the charge and responsibility of bringing a moderate and reasoned Unionist voice from Northern Ireland, in my party’s tradition of working positively and constructively with all to achieve the best outcomes for all our people, and of working across this House to strengthen our Union and to deliver a Union for all.
I turn now to my constituency of South Antrim.
I want those here this evening to know what a fantastic part of our country it is.
Like so many constituencies, it has a mix of main towns—Ballyclare and Antrim—and a range of what were once small villages but are growing into large villages, such as Toome, Doagh, Crumlin, Randalstown, Templepatrick, Ballynure and many more.
Much of the constituency is a large and productive rural area, while part of the expanding urban area of Glengormley is merging with north Belfast in Mossley and Mallusk.
South Antrim is home to industry, research and cutting-edge business in large and small employers.
Indeed, I look forward to working with the Chancellor and her Government in further supporting those businesses through the Bills in the King’s Speech, and especially through the national wealth fund.
South Antrim is the base of Belfast international airport, which I believe has a real opportunity if it gets its much-needed rail link and the further expansion of Aldergrove and our Royal Air Force base.
That is why I believe that we also need a UK air transportation strategy, which I may raise later in the Adjournment debate—if  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  will take an intervention from me!
South Antrim’s agricultural sector is another pillar of our community and contributes significantly to our local economy.
Our annual Antrim agricultural show celebrates that agricultural heritage by bringing together farmers, producers and visitors from across the country and showcasing the best of rural life and promoting a strong sense of community.
It is on this Saturday at Shane’s castle, and I would encourage and welcome anyone who wants to attend.
Loch Neagh—the largest freshwater lake in the British isles—is another jewel in South Antrim’s crown, but it is currently struggling because of neglect, like many of our waterways.
However, the Stormont Executive’s new recovery programme is in place, and I hope that—with national support, given the need for action on our waterways—Loch Neagh will once more be a tourism and recreational attraction for visitors from far and wide.
A number of issues debated over the past few days will have a direct impact on the people of South Antrim, Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom—none more so than the future and support that the Government will offer our national health service and those who rely on and work in it.
The Government have the opportunity to reverse the past years of neglect.
Health may be devolved, but that does not mean that we in this place can abdicate all responsibility for our national health service.
We have the excellent Antrim area hospital in my constituency, but it needs resource and support to develop its potential.
As a former Health Minister of Northern Ireland, I know that we have plans to deliver better services, but change needs recurrent resources,  which have been lacking in recent years.
I look forward to working with this Government to rebuild our national health service.
I know that I am speaking to the converted on how great South Antrim is, because I have been overwhelmed by the number of Members from across the House who have approached me to tell me of a relative or friend who lives in my constituency.
Indeed, I look forward to representing them and all my South Antrim constituents in this place.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Harpenden and Berkhamsted (Victoria Collins)  on a fine speech, and a very impressive description of her constituency and her motivations for coming to this place.
It has taken me some time to get elected to the House.
I first stood in a general election back in 2001, so no one can accuse me of being a young man in a rush.
I am humbled to finally be here, having done some other things in party politics along the way.
I pay tribute to my late mum and dad, who inspired me to get involved in politics.
They gave me my Labour values, and I am sorry that they just missed out on the chance to see me get here.
I also thank my family for their huge support, including lots of campaigning and lots of patience, as my speech has come rather late in this debate.