The Prime Minister has rightly talked about putting his Government back into the service of working people.
My unfaltering belief in public service was instilled in me from a young age.
I want to take a moment to pay tribute to my father, Charles Brash, a doctor in Hartlepool  for over 30 years.
One of my earliest memories is of him coming home from a night on call—GPs did that in those days—having a quick bite to eat, and then heading straight back out for his morning surgery.
Some people still call me “the doctor’s son”, and I wear it like a badge of honour.
His career, spent in the service of others, shaped my values, and my belief that only by putting people first can we achieve the change we need.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Jill Mortimer.
Since her election in 2021, Jill has forged strong relationships in Hartlepool, particularly with veterans’ groups, which I hope to emulate.
Public service is never easy, and I thank Jill Mortimer for her service to Hartlepool.
I close by returning to the idea of opportunity.
Right now, in 2024, in one of the richest countries in the world, nearly 20% of Hartlepool’s children live in absolute poverty.
Nothing could better symbolise the spectre of opportunity denied—the opportunity for a safe and secure upbringing, to fulfil their boundless potential, to get a good job and raise their own family in security and prosperity.
So I welcome the announcement by my right hon.
Friends the Secretaries of State for Education, and for Work and Pensions, on developing an ambitious child poverty strategy, because as Members know, the record is clear: when Labour is in government, child poverty falls.
I am privileged to stand in this place, but I will never lose sight of the fact that it is a privilege gifted to me by Hartlepool people, far too many of whom have been denied opportunity for far too long.
Hartlepool people have a reputation for, on occasion, electing fighters as opposed to quitters, and I am pleased to tell the House that they have done so again.
My duty, my service, is to fight for them every day to secure the brighter future that our town deserves.
I congratulate all Members who have made their maiden speeches today, including  the hon.
Member for Mid Leicestershire (Mr Bedford) , who paid a moving tribute at the end of his speech.