I am sure that in the other place Kevan will continue to work on defence and other issues, such as the sub-postmasters’ campaign for justice.
His continued work on the Horizon redress advisory board will give reassurance to victims.
Kevan will continue to pursue an outcome for sub-postmasters who used the Capture software in the 1990s, which is currently the subject of an independent investigation that was commissioned by the Government earlier this year.
Many hon.
Members will know that Kevan is a keen photographer, often capturing and sharing the beauty of North Durham.
Countless voters and local organisations have told me how much they have been helped by Kevan.
He is held in high regard not just across this House but across North Durham.
I have been elected in a long line of Labour Members, all, as far as I can discern, from the same moderate tradition in the party that I stand in, and including distinguished Front Benchers such as Giles Radice and Jack Lawson, who served as Attlee’s Secretary of State for War in the closing days of world war two.
The Chester-le-Street part of my constituency has a unique distinction in the history of the Labour party, having returned a Labour Member to the House continuously since 1906—so no pressure on me to keep winning at all.
However, that long Labour history does not mean that North Durham is a safe seat.
In every characteristic other than never having been lost, it is a red wall seat  and has been electorally competitive in the last two contests.
Indeed, this most recent election campaign was rather livelier than I would have preferred.
Chester-le-Street is only one part of North Durham under its current boundaries, however, with the other major town being Stanley.
The constituency is rural—surprisingly so.
Aside from the two main towns, there are numerous villages.
I may get into trouble for not listing some of them, but I will try to list the major ones:
Sacriston, Tantobie, Tanfield, Beamish, Bournmoor, Lumley, Pelton, Pelton Fell, Craghead, Ouston, Lanchester, Burnhope, Castleside and Annfield Plain are just some of them.
I wish to thank  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden) , who previously represented Lanchester, Burnhope and Castleside in the North West Durham constituency in the last Parliament, and who has been most courteous and helpful in handing over responsibility for those fine communities.
I urge hon.
Members to visit North Durham.
As well as fine towns and villages, it has stunning countryside and attractions including Beamish, the world-famous open-air museum that brings the history of north-east England to life, and Durham county cricket club’s Riverside ground.
Kevan always described North Durham as a rural constituency with urban problems, and that remains the case.
Mining is at the heart of the history and previous economy of North Durham.
Almost every village has a pit wheel memorial; many also have memorials to terrible mining disasters, and many have lodge banners that are paraded at the Durham gala.
The decline of the industry over many decades and its eventual destruction in the 1980s, along with the closure of other major local employers, left terrible economic and social scars and a sense that some communities in the constituency have been left behind.
Levelling up, if it reached anywhere, did not reach the proud communities that elected me.
That brings me to the local importance of the topic of today’s debate: economy, welfare and public services.
North Durham needs economic stability and growth.
It is a travesty that there are so many families dependent on food banks.
It needs new skilled and well-paid jobs in the industries of the future.
It needs investment and project decisions by the Government to be targeted at creating jobs where they are most needed.
North Durham needs a fairer distribution of public spending.
Changes to the local government funding formula over the last 14 years have been unfair and removed resources from authorities such as Durham county council that are dealing with the highest levels of deprivation, and hampered their ability to deliver effective local services.
That urgently needs to be changed in the next local government funding settlement.
Capital spending on public services is also urgently needed.
On Friday, I visited Sacriston academy, a primary school, and was horrified to find excellent teachers delivering high-quality education, but in a setting that was literally falling down, with ceilings held up by scaffolding joists and whole classrooms, built in 1910—indeed, famous former pupils include Bobby Robson—now unusable due to water penetration through the ceilings and walls.
Local children deserve so much better.
Public transport in the constituency is not fit for purpose.
We need more frequent and reliable buses and more trains stopping at Chester-le-Street.
We also need the economic regeneration of local town centres.
The once thriving Front Streets of Chester-le-Street and Stanley are run down and need new life.
I think the House for listening to me today.
I look forward to contributing to debates here and to fighting tenaciously for the cause of North Durham and its people and the wider north-east.
I congratulate everybody who has made their maiden speech in this debate.
It is a big moment in one’s parliamentary career, but you are out the other side and nothing will be quite as traumatic as what you have experienced today.
To go through them very briefly, I thank  the hon.
Member for Queen’s Park and Maida Vale (Georgia Gould) , who told us that her great-grandfather—I think—came from Lithuania to set up a store in the middle of her constituency, which is her connection with it.
The hon.
Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Sarah Sackman)  paid a very generous tribute to Mike Freer and the dangers and intimidation that he faced.
She was also generous to Mrs Thatcher—she is clearly a very generous lady.
The hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Andrew Lewin)  paid tribute to Grant Shapps and his numerous and frequent Cabinet positions, as well as his commitment to Ukraine.
The hon.
Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh)  paid tribute to the 190 Labour women MPs who are now in the House, as well as to Harriet Harman.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromsgrove (Bradley Thomas)  managed to weave King John and A. E. Housman into his speech, and informed us that Hollywood is not a city on the west coast of the United States, but is actually within his constituency.
If you want to see film stars, ladies and gentlemen, go to Bromsgrove.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Leicestershire (Mr Bedford)  has the peculiarity of having three forebears who are still Members of this House.
He was generous to each of them, which shows that he is a wise man and will go far.
The hon.
Member for Hartlepool (Mr Brash)  stressed the industrial and shipping heritage of his constituency, and how it was indeed bombarded by the Germans in world war one, but it gave as good as it got.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  praised his predecessor, Matt Hancock, of course focusing on racing and horses—although not, I noticed, on horseplay as such.
The hon.
Member for Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor (Alan Strickland)  focused, with great pride, on the Hitachi Rail company in his constituency—shortly, I am afraid to tell him, to be seized by the Labour party and nationalised as part of its Government programme.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Farnham and Bordon (Greg Stafford)  stressed defence spending,  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Rachel Blake)  leasehold reform and  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  the importance of agriculture.
I was out of the Chamber for the speech of  the hon.
Member for Didcot and Wantage (Olly Glover) , and the Whip’s note simply says, “He said that there was a cat rubbing his legs”, or something to that effect.
[Laughter.]
Representing a highly rural constituency as I do, I know that strange things do occur, particularly late on those dull winter evenings.
The hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  stressed the importance of children in care.
The hon.
Member for Halifax (Kate Dearden)  referred to her constituency as the new “Haliwood”, so another Hollywood reference there.
I thought my hon.
Friend  the Member for Huntingdon (Ben Obese-Jecty)  gave a very witty speech, and stressed the association with the RAF in his commitment to veterans.
The hon.
Member for Morecambe and Lunesdale (Lizzi Collinge)  paid tribute to David Morris and his support for the Eden project, and I was particularly pleased to see her do that.
The hon.
Member for North Down (Alex Easton)  made I think one of the most moving maiden speeches that we have heard in this House for a very long time.
He spoke very movingly about his parents, and we all know what pride his dad would have had in the fact that he has been successful in his fourth attempt to join us here in the House of Commons.
The hon.
Member for Harpenden and Berkhamsted (Victoria Collins)  referenced the fact that a Roman road—Watling Street—runs through her constituency and spoke passionately about the importance of community and tolerance.
Finally,  the hon.
Member for North Durham (Luke Akehurst)  spoke warmly of Kevan Jones, whom all of us who have been in this House for a while remember with great fondness, and the importance of skilled and well-paid jobs in his constituency.
I hope that I have pretty much covered everybody and said the main things that needed saying.
Let us now turn to the debate itself, and it seems to me that  the right hon.
Member for Leeds West and Pudsey (Rachel Reeves) , while I congratulate her warmly on being the first female Chancellor—I think that is a huge achievement and is to be very warmly welcomed—is,  I am afraid, suffering from some level of amnesia.
She appears to have forgotten the legacy that we have bequeathed to her.
Inflation, which was up at over 10% last autumn, is now back to target.
Mortgage rates are softening, real wages have been growing in each of the last 11 months and taxes have been coming down more recently under the previous Government.
When it comes to debt, we were on target, as we handed over to the right hon.
Lady, to see debt falling in line with her own fiscal target at the end of the fifth year, and we of course have the fastest growing economy in the G7.
One wonders where this amnesia is coming from, and it is of course nothing more than smoke and mirrors.
It is to cover up the fact that the Chancellor is rolling the pitch to raise taxes.
Against all the commitments she made during the general election, she will be raising those taxes in the autumn.
It will not be because we have bequeathed her something of which she was not aware in advance.
The IFS has made it very clear that the books were “open”, as Paul Johnson said, for all to see.
When it comes to public services, we have a proud record.
On education, we have the best readers in the western world.
We have been going up the PISA scales for mathematics and sciences, something that did not happen under the last Labour Government.
Crime has been halved, broadly speaking, across the period from 2010 to the present day.
When it comes to work and welfare, we have a near-record level of employment, and we have a low level of unemployment.
And economic inactivity is lower than in every single year under the last Labour Government.
What was Labour’s record?
When they left office, unemployment was double the level that it is today.
Under every single Labour Government in history, unemployment has been higher when they left office than when they came in.
Most disgraceful of all is that youth unemployment was up 43% under the last Labour Government; under the last Conservative Government it was down by over 40%.
As for welfare, under Labour there were 1.4 million people languishing on long-term benefits for almost a decade.
On pensions, we saw the 75p pension increase and the Gordon Brown raid on private pensions of £180 billion—from which the pension system never fully recovered.
It is, therefore, no surprise that, under Labour, we ended up with the fourth highest level of pensioner poverty across Europe.
Under Labour there were 1 million more people in absolute poverty after housing costs.
There were 200,000 more pensioners in poverty and 100,000 more children in poverty under the last Labour Government than there are today.
We will be a responsible Opposition: we welcome the commitment to growth in the King’s Speech; we welcome the commitment to building houses, as long as that is with sufficient local consent; we welcome the Budget responsibility Bill in principle; and we welcome the announcements that the Chancellor has made regarding pensions: consolidating pensions and ensuring that we get better returns for pensioners and that we invest in long-term pension capital.
But there are too many echoes in this King’s Speech of the Labour of old.
The nationalisation of the railways.
The consolidation of GB Energy.
The long hand of Government reaching—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Labour Members cheer now but they won’t be cheering in a few years’ time.
They have short memories; I remember  when the railways were nationalised and it was not a pretty situation.
They are bringing forward French-style employment laws that will lead to less efficient businesses and to tribunals.
They will be increasing the freedoms of trade unions, who are their paymasters.
And they will be dispensing with minimum service levels; that will lead to more strikes and the inconvenience of the public, but certainly not greater growth.
What have we heard in the King’s Speech on welfare, one of the biggest challenges of the modern age?
Zip, absolutely nothing, nada, diddly squat—absolutely nothing from the Labour party.
They talk about moving the National Careers Service from the Department for Education to the Department for Work and Pensions; well, I hardly think that will move the dial.
Their back to work plan is named exactly as our back to work plan was that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt)  the shadow Chancellor and I launched last autumn, but it has nothing standing behind it—not the billions of pounds of support we put in place to encourage people to go into work and to transform lives.
All we have heard from those on the Government Benches is a denigration of our job centres; these are described as places of fear by the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, and by the Minister for employment  the hon.
Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern)  as places that do not offer real help.
What an insult to the tens of thousands of hard-working people up and down our country who go into those offices to help people improve their prospects and improve their lives.
They are against what they call punitive sanctions; it will cost hundreds of millions of pounds to remove those and it will result in less engagement with the help that is available and diminish people’s life chances.
There have been no comments whatsoever from the Government Benches on our work capability assessment reforms, that according to the Office for Budget Responsibility will see 400,000 fewer people on long-term sickness benefits.
They opposed in poetry; they have to govern in prose.
They have not even picked up the pen, but let me be clear: we made mistakes in government and we have paid the price at the ballot box, and it is right that my party now faces a period of reflection and does so with humility.
The electorate has spoken, and we must listen.
But that is not the same as saying that the vision that is Conservatism has died, even if of late it has been too often obscured.
That vision still burns bright.
It burns bright as a beacon of freedom, enterprise, opportunity and, yes, stability and hope in the face of— I congratulate all Members who have made their maiden speeches today, including  the hon.
Member for Mid Leicestershire (Mr Bedford) , who paid a moving tribute at the end of his speech.