His volunteering at the

Brockton Kids Road Races at D.W. Field Park for nearly 15 years helped

make a positive impact on thousands of children and aspiring athletes.
Mr. Guaraldi was also a regular at various veterans' meetings and

events hosted by the Brockton VA Medical Center, and the Whitman

Veterans of Foreign War Post, among others.
He and Marie were known for their love of travel, visiting many

places around the world, including Europe, China, Japan, and South

America.
Eddie is a man of many hobbies and talents, particularly his ability

to repair electronics, appliances, and anything else his family needs

fixing.
He looks forward to supporting his favorite team, the New

England Patriots, every Sunday during football season.
Mr. Speaker, Edgar ``Eddie'' Peter Guaraldi's legacy is one of

committed service to his country, and his community, and most

importantly, his family.
It is my distinct privilege to join Mr.

Guaraldi's family and friends in recognizing his 100th birthday and to

thank him for his service on behalf of a grateful Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF WACKER CHEMICAL

HON.
ZACHARY NUNN

Mr. NUNN of Iowa.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate

Wacker Chemical of Eddyville, Iowa.
Wacker Chemical established its

Eddyville plant in 1999 and recently celebrated its 25th anniversary.
Wacker Chemical has been at the forefront of cyclodextrin production

since it was first built.
The Eddyville plant plays a central role

within our global network of Biotech and Biopharma sites.
From Iowa alone, Wacker produces all the cyclodextrin it sells.
Eddyville is an important pillar of the BioSolutions portfolio and

Wacker's growth strategy.
I extend my sincerest congratulations to Wacker Chemical on a

tremendous 25 years of business in Iowa and honor its dedication to

manufacturing for Iowans.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in congratulating

Wacker Chemical of Eddyville, Iowa for its 25th anniversary.
I wish

nothing but the best as they continue their great work in Iowa.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF JONATHAN DELAGRAVE

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service of

Jonathan Delagrave.
Jonathan served as the County Executive of Racine

County from April 2015 until his sudden passing on June 28th.
Jonathan, a lifelong resident of Racine County, was a beloved figure

in his community.
He served Racine County both as an elected official

and a civil servant.
He began as the Town Chairman and later Village

President of Caledonia.
Jonathan then worked in the Racine County Human

Services Department, becoming Director in 2010.
He was first elected as

Racine County Executive in 2015.
His popularity was reflected in his

reelections as County Executive in 2019 and 2023, a testament to his

leadership and the community's trust in him.
Jonathan constantly worked to make Racine County the best it could

be.
He focused on spurring economic growth and workforce development by

forging partnerships between local, state, and private entities to

benefit all residents.
He championed mental health and fought to expand

access to these critical services in Racine County.
Jonathan's

dedication to improving the lives of people in Racine County was

evident.
I was honored to work together with Jonathan on efforts to

preserve our Great Lakes community harbors.
As many of us in Racine County know, Jonathan was a true Wisconsinite

at heart.
He was an avid fan of Wisconsin Badgers football and

encouraged those who attended his funeral to wear their favorite

Badgers attire.
He also established a scholarship in his memory to

provide student-athletes with mental health care.
Most importantly, Jonathan was deeply devoted to his family, and a

great friend to me and many others.
Jonathan is survived by his son

Maguire and daughter Makenzy.
I offer my condolences to his family

during this difficult time.
Jonathan will be missed.