In

1969, she graduated from Elms College with a bachelor's degree in

history.
JoAnne also obtained her master's degree in educational

administration and leadership from Massachusetts College of Liberal

Arts.
She later taught social studies at South Junior High, now known

as Herberg Middle School.
In 1994, JoAnne transferred to Pittsfield

High, where she taught history before being appointed to serve as the

Dean of Students and Vice Principal.
After retiring in 2006,

JoAnne was asked to serve as interim principal for the 2009-2010 school

year, which she happily accepted.
Throughout her career, she dedicated

herself to serving her students and staff, and this did not go

unnoticed.
JoAnne has run into former students many years later who

fondly remember her class and the positive impact she made on them as

an educator.
In addition to her professional career, JoAnne has given back to her

community in many ways.
She volunteered at local soup kitchens and

provided patient outreach at Berkshire Medical Center through her

church to help those in need.
She is married to her husband Harry, and

together, they raised two wonderful children and have many more

grandchildren.
In her free time, she enjoys spending time with them and

rescuing senior dogs so that they can spend the rest of their years in

a warm and loving home.
I'm proud to recognize JoAnne today a lifetime

of public service and contributions to our community.
She has inspired

countless students to be successful and live fulfilling lives.
It is an honor to bestow JoAnne with the Patriot Award for her

exceptional service to the people of Pittsfield.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT

MICHAEL MURGO

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Coach Michael

Murgo of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, and present him with the

Congressional Patriot Award.
Coach Murgo has dedicated himself to

faithfully serving and uplifting his community.
A native of Bristol, Rhode Island, Coach Murgo attended Colt Memorial

High School and Brewster Academy.
During this time, he discovered his

passion for sports, and this inspired him to study physical education.
In 1969, Coach Murgo graduated from the University of Rhode Island,

where he was recognized for his athletic abilities and distinction in

football.
As such, he was selected to play professional football for

the Providence Steamrollers.
Coach Murgo began working for the

Pittsfield Public School System in 1972 as a physical education

teacher, a role he held for over 35 years.
He also served as the

football coach for Pittsfield High School for 17 years and led his

students to success through physical fitness, teamwork, and discipline.
On top of his professional career, Coach Murgo worked diligently to

support his four children so that they had the opportunity to pursue

their interests.
He is married to his wife, Ellen, and they will

celebrate 52 years of wonderful marriage this year.
I am pleased to

recognize Coach Murgo for a lifetime of service as a teacher, coach,

and mentor for our youth.
His contributions to our community have been

nothing short of outstanding, and I wish him continued success for many

years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Coach Murgo with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of Pittsfield.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.