It is an honor to bestow Coach Murgo with the Patriot Award for his

exceptional service to the people of Pittsfield.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 11, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 24

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine Novo Nordisk's high prices

for Ozempic and Wegovy for patients with diabetes and

obesity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORTING RACE-CONSCIOUS ADMISSIONS IN HIGHER EDUCATION

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, as we end the 2024 session of the

Supreme Court and prepare for students to return to school, I wish to

reaffirm the need for race-conscious decisions in higher education to

ensure that students of color receive fair consideration in admissions.
Affirmative action is an important equity tool to counteract the

effects of discrimination and structural barriers to education facing

students of color, a tool that emerged from the Civil Rights Movement

in the 1960s.
President John F. Kennedy first established affirmative

action to promote racial equality and prevent unfair labor practices

through an executive order in 1961 that created the President's

Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity.
The landmark Civil Rights

Act of 1964 went further to prohibit discrimination and promote equal

opportunity based on race, color, religion, sex, and national origin.
Subsequent executive orders, laws, and holdings by the Supreme Court

supported race- and gender-conscious actions to address discrimination

and enforce the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The consideration of race in college admissions promotes equal

treatment without regard to race, color, religion, or national origin.
The resulting campus diversity is a crucial element of quality higher

education.
Diversity curates higher learning opportunities and fosters

a sense of belonging for traditionally-marginalized communities.
Research shows that a strong sense of belonging has many positive

outcomes for students, including improved persistence, retention,

grades, and health.
Diversity in higher education expands perspectives,

promotes innovation, and prepares students to interact with our diverse

citizenry.
One year ago, the Supreme Court gutted 50 years of race-conscious

admissions in higher education with its decision in Students for Fair

Admissions Inc. v. President and the Fellows of Harvard.
In a 6-3

decision, the extremist-dominated court ruled that affirmative action

violated equal protection under the 14th Amendment.
The 14th Amendment

manifested new freedom and rights at the federal level by establishing

``equal protection under the laws'' for all American citizens

regardless of race.
Shockingly and offensively, the conservative-

dominated court manipulated an amendment intended to cultivate racial

equality to stifle programs that correct systemic racial

discrimination.
I firmly agree with Justices Jackson and Sotomayor who

opposed the ruling.
Justice Sotomayor warned that ``. . .
racial

inequality will persist in educational institutions so long as it is

ignored.''
Justice Jackson noted the contradictory nature of the

absence of race in admissions decisions but not in military academies,

prioritizing racial inclusion for military benefit rather than

educational enrichment.