Liput receives is a

presidential citation that honors Americans who have served more than

5000 hours in support of their community and nation and is a well-

deserved recognition of Col.
Liput's leadership, commitment to civic

engagement, to the State of New Jersey, and the United States of

America.
A graduate of Drew University in Madison, New Jersey and Fordham Law

School, Col.
Liput enjoyed a distinguished career as a corporate and

banking attorney for more than 25 years and is a successful

entrepreneur, currently employed as the Founder, President, and CEO of

Secure Insight, a financial services and technology company.
While

establishing a successful career in law, Col.
Liput continued his

family's tradition of service to our nation by joining the Civil Air

Patrol, serving throughout the Northeast before his appointment as

Commander of the NJWG.
During his time of service and as Commander of the NJWG, Col.
Liput

has embodied the Civil Air Patrol's values of Integrity, Volunteer

Service, Excellence, and Respect, rightfully earning this recognition

which is a testament to his character and contributions to our

community.
I am honored to join his family, friends, and the greater

New Jersey community in thanking him for his service to our Nation, his

dedication to our state, and his selfless work to instill the values of

patriotism and service in the next generation of New Jersey--and

America's--leaders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT HEATHER BOWERS

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Heather

Bowers of Frisco, Texas, and present her with the Congressional Patriot

Award.
Heather has faithfully dedicated herself to serving our

community.
Heather was born in Waco, Texas in 1977 and moved to Carrollton in

1980 where she resided until she married her husband, Jason.
She

graduated from the University of North Texas in 2002 with a Bachelor of

Applied Arts and Sciences degree and then moved to Frisco in 2005 where

she raised her two children, Macy and Caleb.
Heather has been President

of Lone Star Benefits since 2000, buying the agency 4 years ago and

building a thriving employee benefits agency with her husband.
Since her move to Frisco, she has been actively involved with

numerous community and political organizations in North Texas.
Heather's strength is not only due to her love of lifting weights, but

also evidenced by her service to the city through roles on the boards

of Frisco Community Development Corporation, Frisco Chamber of Commerce

and Frisco Family Services.
She is invested in our youth and schools as

a District Improvement Committee and Mindbender Academy Committee

member.
Heather's philanthropic passion is notable, as her family and

business support organizations such as National Breast Cancer

Foundation, Community Council of Greater Dallas and Los Barrios Unidos

Community Clinic.
I am proud to recognize Heather today for her outstanding efforts to

support those in need and uplift those she works with.
I'm confident

she will continue to make a positive impact in our community for many

years to come.
It is an honor to bestow Heather with the Patriot Award for her

exceptional service to the people of North Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CONGRESSIONAL PATRIOT AWARD RECIPIENT JOANNE SOULES

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. JoAnne Soules

of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, and present her with the Congressional

Patriot Award.
JoAnne has dedicated herself to faithfully serving and

uplifting her community.
JoAnne was born in Pittsfield and attended Pittsfield High School.
In

1969, she graduated from Elms College with a bachelor's degree in

history.
JoAnne also obtained her master's degree in educational

administration and leadership from Massachusetts College of Liberal

Arts.
She later taught social studies at South Junior High, now known

as Herberg Middle School.