Jonathan is survived by his son

Maguire and daughter Makenzy.
I offer my condolences to his family

during this difficult time.
Jonathan will be missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, I had to miss votes on

July 9, 2024.
Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call

No.
338; NAY on Roll Call No.
339; YEA on Roll Call No.
340; NAY on

Roll Call No.
341; YEA on Roll Call No.
342; and NAY on Roll Call No.
343.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COL.
ANDREW L. LIPUT'S OUTSTANDING SERVICE TO THE UNITED

STATES AND NEW JERSEY

HON.
CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH

Mr. SMITH of New Jersey.
Mr. Speaker, this week in New Jersey at

Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, Colonel Andrew L. Liput, Commander of

the New Jersey Wing of the Civil Air Patrol, will receive a

Presidential Lifetime Achievement and Volunteer Service Award,

recognizing his outstanding commitment to volunteerism and his

remarkable 10 years of service to our country in the Civil Air Patrol.
Sworn in as the 24th Commander of the New Jersey Wing of the Civil

Air Patrol on July 10, 2021, Col.
Liput is a three-generation Civil Air

Patrol family member.
National service and volunteerism runs in their

blood.
Col.
Liput's father, Andrew Liput Sr.
served in the Pennsylvania Wing

during World War II as a submarine spotter on the East Coast and was

awarded the Congressional Gold Medal for his contributions to the

American war effort in defense of the homeland.
Col.
Liput's daughter,

Sloane Liput, was a member of the Picatinny Composite Squadron form

2015-2018 and achieved the rank of C/SMSGT before beginning her studies

at Rutgers University on an ROTC scholarship.
The Liput family's

commitment to service to our nation in the Civil Air Patrol represents

the best attributes of volunteerism and civic engagement.
Col.
Liput previously served at the squadron, wing, region, and

national staff levels where, among other achievements of distinction--

including the Civil Air Patrol Meritorious Service Award--he was named

National Government Relations Officer of the Year for 2020 by CAP

Commanding Officer Maj Gen Mark Smith.
Col.
Liput's tenure as Commander

of the New Jersey Wing, has brought the NJWG to the forefront of the

Civil Air Patrol's mission and has led to new initiatives to modernize

the Wing and connect them to the community, including key strategic

partnerships with the NFL Alumni Association and the National Law

Enforcement Against Drugs organizations to offer new opportunities

through the national cadet program.
With its roots in World War II, the Civil Air Patrol is a Total Force

partner and serves as the United States Air Force Auxiliary, prepared

to answer the call to search for and find the lost, provide comfort in

times of disaster, and work to keep the homeland safe.
It provides a

proving ground for the next generation of American pilots through its

Cadet program--many of whom continue their service to our Nation in the

Armed Forces--while promoting aviation and the fields of aerospace and

STEM.
Through his distinguished term of service in the Civil Air

Patrol, Col.
Liput has enriched the national cadet program and ensured

continued engagement of America's future leaders in the fields of

aviation and aerospace technology.
The Volunteer Service Award that Col.
Liput receives is a

presidential citation that honors Americans who have served more than

5000 hours in support of their community and nation and is a well-

deserved recognition of Col.
Liput's leadership, commitment to civic

engagement, to the State of New Jersey, and the United States of

America.
A graduate of Drew University in Madison, New Jersey and Fordham Law

School, Col.