Title: CELEBRATING PASTOR DWAYNE R. GILLISON, SR.;
Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
114

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING PASTOR DWAYNE R. GILLISON, SR.
HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Pastor Dwayne R.

Gillison, Sr.,
as he receives the Community Leadership Award from the

Mary B. Talbert Civic and Cultural Club, Inc. Pastor Gillison's

devotion to his faith and public service will be recognized at the

116th Empire State Federation of Women's Clubs Convention.
Pastor Gillison is a proud graduate of the State University of New

York Brockport, the Bible College of Rochester, and the Houghton

Christian Academy.
In 2022, Pastor Gillison was elevated to Pastor of

Mount Olive Baptist Church in Buffalo.
In his ministry, Pastor Gillison

has led the construction of the Mount Olive Senior Manor, an affordable

housing community for seniors on the East Side of Buffalo.
Working with

People Inc., the complex will provide 65 accessible housing units to

seniors in need.
Beyond his pastoral work, Pastor Gillison is committed to serving his

community in all capacities.
Through his leadership with the Concerned

Clergy Coalition, the Baptist Ministers Conference of Buffalo &

Vicinity, and the Urban Think Tank, Pastor Gillison is a guiding figure

in the community.
Further, Pastor Gillison leads the Mount Olive

Development Corporation, a non-profit organization founded by his late

father, Pastor William Gillison.
With the Mount Olive Development

Corporation, Pastor Gillison provides resources for families on

Buffalo's East Side to address their economic, social, and educational

needs.
Pastor Gillison established the Buffalo Raiders Little League

Football team, a safe place for youth to participate in healthy

programming.
Today, Pastor Gillison is a loving husband to his wife, Victoria,

father of three, and grandfather of three.
He continues to unify our

community through his devotion to faith and commitment to service.
Please join me in congratulating Pastor Dwayne R. Gillison, Sr.
for

receiving the Community Leadership Award and thanking him for his

remarkable dedication to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING MEMPHIS PUBLIC WORKS DIRECTOR ROBERT KNECHT

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend Memphis Public Works

Director Robert Knecht who is retiring from the City of Memphis after

23 years of making it a safer and more attractive place.
Mr. Knecht is

a hard-working and outstanding public servant who always had time to

answer my questions about federal funding for city projects or how

securing federal funding could advance the city's infrastructure needs,

a quality invaluable to me as the Congressman representing Memphis.
Mr.

Knecht concentrated his efforts on the full Public Works portfolio

including stormwater and wastewater operations, blight remediation,

Code Enforcement, environmental enforcement, sustainability, street

sweeping and street maintenance operations, and the results are to his

credit.
My staff and I worked closely with Mr. Knecht as we realized

the $41 million Big River Crossing project, which included improvements

on downtown Memphis' Main Street from Uptown to the Harahan Bridge and

the conversion of the vehicle sections of the bridge into a bike/

pedestrian path.
This project was made possible by $15 million in

federal funds I secured through the Transportation Investment

Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER IV) Grant as well as matching

grants from state and local funds and private funds.
Mr. Knecht was

instrumental in helping to execute Community Project Funding I secured

for projects such as developing the Memphis Cobblestone Landing

Recreational Center, which received $4 million.
I have also worked

closely with him to secure district projects in the past several Water

Resources Development Acts, including provisions to deauthorize the

Wolf River to create a lake adjacent to the historic downtown Snuff

District and to accommodate a floating entertainment dock at

Cobblestone Landing.