This project was made possible by $15 million in

federal funds I secured through the Transportation Investment

Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER IV) Grant as well as matching

grants from state and local funds and private funds.
Mr. Knecht was

instrumental in helping to execute Community Project Funding I secured

for projects such as developing the Memphis Cobblestone Landing

Recreational Center, which received $4 million.
I have also worked

closely with him to secure district projects in the past several Water

Resources Development Acts, including provisions to deauthorize the

Wolf River to create a lake adjacent to the historic downtown Snuff

District and to accommodate a floating entertainment dock at

Cobblestone Landing.
A graduate of the University of Memphis with a

Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering (2003), he also has a

Master of Business Administration (2008) from the University of

Phoenix.
A veteran of the U.S. Air Force, he served during Desert

Storm/Desert Shield.
Married to Memphis native Mandy, he and his three

children have bright days ahead as he heads for an opportunity in the

private sector.
As Mayor Paul Young has said, his shoes will be hard to

fill.
His has been a job well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EDGAR ``EDDIE'' PETER GUARALDI OF BROCKTON, MASSACHUSETTS ON

HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY, JUNE 29, 2024

HON.
STEPHEN F. LYNCH

Mr. LYNCH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Edgar ``Eddie''

Peter Guaraldi, in recognition of his 100th birthday and with the

deepest appreciation for his courageous service to our Nation during

World War II and his many contributions to the Brockton community.
Eddie was born in Bourne, Massachusetts on June 29, 1924, to John and

Angelina Zambelli.
Along with his siblings Yober ``Bert,'' Yolanda, and

Lillian Guaraldi, Eddie lived in Bourne and Springfield before moving

to Brockton.
He graduated from Brockton High School in 1941 and worked

at a shipyard for ten months before enlisting in the United States

Army.
Eddie served his country with pride and distinction from March 1942

to December 1945 as a Sergeant and member of the 296th Combat Engineer

Battalion, Company C. He fought in five major battles, including the

Battle of Normandy, Battle of the Bulge, and battles in northern

France, Rhineland, and Central Europe.
Mr. Guaraldi landed on Omaha

Beach during the Normandy Landings on D-Day and was part of the

liberation of Buchenwald--courageous acts that later earned him the

European Campaign Medal and the French Legion of Honour Medal.
Eddie met the love of his life, Rose Marie Altieri on New Year's Eve

in 1947.
They married in Brockton on October 12, 1950.
The couple

raised two sons, E. Peter Guaraldi, Jr. and John Joseph Guaraldi.
Eddie

and Marie doted on their grandson, Peter James Guaraldi, throughout his

childhood.
After his service, Mr. Guaraldi attended school to be a radio and

electronic technician, eventually getting a job at Central Radio in

Brockton.
There, he fixed televisions and installed antennae, with the

desire to open his own business.
In 1951, that dream came true as Eddie

opened Community Television in Brockton, running the family business

for 44 years before working part-time alongside his eldest son until

the age of 80.
Eddie was very involved in the South Shore and Brockton communities.
For decades, he was a longtime volunteer and communicant at his local

church Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Brockton.
His volunteering at the

Brockton Kids Road Races at D.W. Field Park for nearly 15 years helped

make a positive impact on thousands of children and aspiring athletes.
Mr. Guaraldi was also a regular at various veterans' meetings and

events hosted by the Brockton VA Medical Center, and the Whitman

Veterans of Foreign War Post, among others.
He and Marie were known for their love of travel, visiting many

places around the world, including Europe, China, Japan, and South

America.