Justice Sotomayor warned that ``. . .
racial

inequality will persist in educational institutions so long as it is

ignored.''
Justice Jackson noted the contradictory nature of the

absence of race in admissions decisions but not in military academies,

prioritizing racial inclusion for military benefit rather than

educational enrichment.
The 7th District of Illinois, Chicago, and Illinois are home to

millions of families whose children deserve the same access to higher

education opportunities that privileged individuals enjoy.
Extremists'

attacks on race-conscious admissions jeopardizes the future educational

opportunities of Black and Brown children.
A colorblind approach to the

college admissions process does not acknowledge the entrenched racial

struggles that minorities face in America.
When institutions fail to

acknowledge race, they fail to recognize the barriers to education

associated with race that can perpetuate racial inequality in higher

education.
The Supreme Court's promotion of a colorblind society serves

to protect the wealthy and well-connected.
I vow to fight for equal opportunity and justice.
We must protect the

tools that are key to securing our civil rights--like race-conscious

admissions, free and fair elections, and voter protections--to ensure

that our nation's progress in civil rights does not reverse.
Advancement toward racial equality cannot be made without consideration

of race.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
DENNIS DEER PH.D., COOK COUNTY COMMISSIONER, DISTRICT 2,

COOK COUNTY, ILLINOIS

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, to the immediate and extended

family, staff, friends, supporters, constituents, colleagues, and well-

wishers of my dear friend, colleague, comrade, political ally, and our

senior representative on the Cook County Board, I rise to honor Dr.

Dennis Deer.
I greet you in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus, the Christ and

I am sure that he has already said to Dennis, welcome home my good and

faithful servant.
I have known the Deer Family for more than fifty

years when I met and worked with his parents; father Herman, Mother

Shirley and their neighbors who founded the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

Health Center in North Lawndale on West Greenshaw Street, they lived on

Greenshaw Street, it was one of the first of ten centers of its kind in

the United States, now there are fourteen hundred and they are

servicing more than 30 million low and moderate income individuals.
Of

course, that portion of Greenshaw Street is now Honorary Shirley Deer

Way.
I lived on West Greenshaw Street.
Dennis grew up around community

activism and politics.
He took to it like a duck takes to water,

attended George W. Collins High School where my wife taught, my friends

were principals, teachers and administrators.
He went off to college,

returned home, earned additional college degrees, married his high

school sweetheart, wonderful wife Barbara, settled in the community,

they have three children and he became a leader, worked with President

Bobbie Steele, Commissioner Bob Steele, the Turner Family, the Scott

Family, Lawndale Christian and the Faith Community to help bring the

North Lawndale Community back to a state of optimistic redevelopment

and it is on a roll.
Dr. Deer's service has been simply outstanding, he was an effective

legislator, helped promote and pass Second Chance, helped nationalize

the idea that gun violence is a Public Health Crisis, he was an

outstanding community leader, he was the most loyal, most trustworthy

and most likeminded political ally I have ever had, he was my friend

and a representative of the people.
He was also an outstanding

businessman before becoming a County Commissioner, I remember when we

took a business delegation to the Arab Emirates and Dennis was meeting

with Warren Buffett and other top businesspersons in our country.
Yes,

our friend and brother from West Grenshaw Street has moved on but he

has left an indelible mark on the North Lawndale Community and on

Government in Cook County that can and will never be erased or

forgotten.