Title: HONORING THE LIFE OF LAWRENCE "LARRY" SALWIN; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
89

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF LAWRENCE ``LARRY'' SALWIN

HON.
TIM WALBERG

Mr. WALBERG.
Mr. Speaker, it is my special privilege to recognize and

honor the life of Lawrence ``Larry'' Salwin of Coldwater, Michigan, who

passed away peacefully on Saturday, May 10, 2025.
Larry was born in Detroit, Michigan, in 1940 and married his wife

Patricia ``Pat'' Gwozdz in 1963.
Larry's everyday actions were a

testament to a life of deep purpose, love, and sacrifice.
He worked

three jobs, before becoming the Senior Administrator at Providence

Hospital in Southfield, Michigan where he dedicated 49 years of work to

caring for others.
He worked these jobs not out of ambition for wealth

or recognition, but out of love for his family.
He bore the weight of

responsibility with grace and humility and worked to build a future for

his children.
Today, his children stand tall, and Larry's legacy lives on in their

accomplishments.
His dedication to providing a better life for his

family allowed him and his wife, Pat, to watch their children grow up

and succeed in successful careers of their own.
It also provided them

with the opportunity to spend the later years of their lives in

Coldwater, Michigan.
It was here that both Larry and Pat created

beautiful memories, spending time with family and friends for roughly

24 years.
Larry had a deep love for his family and will truly be missed by

those fortunate enough to be in his life.
Larry was a beloved husband,

father, and grandfather.
Surviving him are his wife, Pat, sons and

their spouses, Greg and Marion Salwin, Gary and Maria Salwin, and their

grandchildren, Carter Salwin, Claudia Salwin, Katy Salwin, and Brianna

Pemberton.
Preceding him in death were his brother, Robert Salwin, sister,

Juanita Hicks, daughter, Cynthia Salwin, and granddaughter, Jessica

Salwin.
Larry Salwin will forever be known as a hard worker and a dedicated

family man.
His relentless determination has left an enduring mark on

his family and those who knew him.