EEC will also award the prestigious Patricia M. Donnelly Merit

Scholarship, the Mid Allen Ries Award, and they will also announce the

inaugural Gerry E. Connolly Empowerment Award.
I include in the Record

the following recipients:

Community Partners of the Year: Alexandria City Public

Schools' Family and Community Engagement Center (FACE),

MarginEdge, The Wollenberg Foundation.
Volunteers of the Year: Zenaida Bastidas, Gail Gile, Linda

Zenker.
Student Speakers: Juanita Cadena, Vanessa Fernandez,

Shereen Habib.
Patricia M. Donnelly Merit Scholarship Recipient: Firoza

Omar.
Mid Allen Ries Award: Cassandra Kramer.
I also want to recognize and include in the Record, those volunteers

who are celebrating service anniversaries with EEC.
These volunteers

are being recognized for the service milestone of years:

25 years: Elizabeth McBurney, Elizabeth Nelson

20 years: Fred Hufford, Julie Kehrli, Judith Penniman

15 years: Margaret Breen, Rebekah Bundang, Janet Fedak,

Enebish Sanran, Chris Wollenberg

10 years: Barbara Callen, Keith Clark, Sally Eckard, Linton

Favours, Kyle Grieser, Gordon Hay, Linda Johnsen, Melissa

Krut, Monica Nunez, Wendy Shapiro, Jody Sweet, Jane Winant,

Loren Zander

5 years: Ann Anderson, Sajida Arif, Rana Azad, Kim

Baumgartner, Stacey Becker, Stephanie Buchanan, Kobi Carter

Eidman, Annette Clayberg, Ida Draim, Ameer Ghaderi, Jeanne

Johnson, Ayuko Kimura-Fay, Kathy Larkin, Margery Leveen Sher,

Vineeta Malkani, Stacy O'Connor, Rita Povich, Tiffany Taber

Prevost, Albert Turri

Education continues to be one of life's most essential tools and as

we've seen in our own community, literacy is the foundation for

unlocking education, career paths, and personal growth at any age.
As a

lifelong learner and a current student at George Mason University, I

know firsthand the power of education.
I am deeply grateful to the

Center and it's remarkable, participants, volunteers, and staff for

championing literacy as a lifelong and life-changing skill.
I ask my colleagues to join me in commending the English Empowerment

Center and congratulating each of the honorees of the 63rd EEC

Recognition Ceremony.
I wish all of them great success in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ZONING COMMISSION HOME RULE

ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Zoning Commission Home Rule Act.
This bill would give the District of

Columbia the authority to appoint all members of the D.C. Zoning

Commission (Commission).
Currently, the membership of the Commission

consists of two federal officials the (the Architect of the Capitol

(AOC) and the Director of the National Park Service (NPS)) and three

members appointed by the D.C. mayor, subject to D.C. Council approval.
Federal officials are members of the Commission even though the

Commission has no authority over federal property.
Land use is a quintessential local matter.
Despite the D.C. Home Rule

Act, which gave D.C. authority over local matters, 40 percent of the

members of the Commission are federal officials, who are not

accountable to the more than 700,000 D.C. residents.
The federal

government would lose nothing under this bill because the federal

government's land-use interests in the Nation's capital are protected

by federal law and federal agencies.
The Commission creates the zoning maps and regulations, which must

``not be inconsistent with the comprehensive plan for the national

capital.''
The mayor is responsible for the local elements of the

comprehensive plan, subject to Council approval.
The National Capital

Planning Commission (NCPC), which is the central planning agency for

the federal government in D.C. and approves federal projects in D.C.,

is responsible for the federal elements of the comprehensive plan.
This

bill would not alter the comprehensive plan process or the authority of

NCPC and the Commission.
This bill would immediately remove the AOC and the NPS Director from

the Commission, and the Commission would, at least initially, consist

solely of three mayoral appointees.
D.C. would have the authority to

reconstitute the membership of the Commission through local

legislation.
This bill is an important step to increase D.C. home rule.