When they moved to Agana Heights, they've welcomed

their seven children: Carmelita, Robert, Marie, Joaquin, Martha,

Daniel, and Nora.
As she raised her family, she continued to be a full-

time teacher.
The love she had for her job can be felt through her previous and

present students--

many of which have shared fond memories during their time together.
About 10 years ago, a former student accidentally bumped into Ancin and

asked for a picture.
He intended to share it with his friends in Los

Angeles who all went to the same elementary school.
Another student,

who is now a proud retired registered nurse, shared her experiences

with Ancin.
She shares that when she was in 3rd grade, Ancin had a

patient and nurturing demeanor that made learning fun and easy.
She was

also the pioneer for many of these students ``firsts''--first person to

introduce students to the Scholastic Book Club, fostering the love of

reading classics; first person to take them on a field trip to Fena

Dam/Lake; etc.
Another fond memory a student shared was the performance during the

Christmas Pageant, where everyone dressed as angels with tinsel halos

and wings and sang to their hearts content.
She was also noted to have

the best dresses.
Moreso, she was best remembered in awe for her strength and passion

of raising a family of seven while being a full-time educator in an era

where it was considered progressive at the time.
Her influence reached beyond her students started many of the

traditions that her family has come to love.
Her daughter recalls one

specific tradition of setting up and reciting the Nobena Nino every

year on the front porch.
The Nativity they used was given to Ancin by

her mom and is now with her grandniece Norene Reyes Aldridge.
Her

children and her grandchildren credit Ancin for their love of dancing

and for the recipe for the best homemade flour titiyas served during

large celebrations.
Although she was the oldest, only she and her youngest sibling Maria

Tanaka Diaz Nauta remain.
She has survived all three of her sons yet

remains loving and faithful.
Her eyes and smile speak genuinely when

she bids goodbye with a ``Thank you, God bless you.''
Ancin attributes her longevity to two things: physical activity, and

interaction with others, especially with the youth.
Two wonderful

lessons I think we can all take away from such a life well-lived

centered on family and intentionally finding gratitude in every day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE ENGLISH EMPOWERMENT CENTER'S 63RD

RECOGNITION CEREMONY

HON.
DONALD S. BEYER, JR.
Mr. BEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I seek to recognize the English Empowerment

Center (EEC) in Falls Church, Virginia and to congratulate the

volunteers, instructors, students, community partners, and many others

who will be recognized at the 63rd EEC Recognition Ceremony.
The mission of the English Empowerment Center is to teach adults the

basic skills of reading, writing, speaking, and understanding English

so they can access employment and education opportunities and more

fully and equitably participate in the community.
EEC provides the crucial first steps of language and literacy

proficiency for workplace, citizenship, and community integration to

help adults make measurable improvements in their lives.
Last year,

they served more than 2,000 adult learners, with the help of over 500

volunteers who gave 24,000 plus hours of service.
Each year the EEC recognizes students and members of the community

who have contributed their time, energy, and resources to achieving the

organization's mission.
EEC will also award the prestigious Patricia M. Donnelly Merit

Scholarship, the Mid Allen Ries Award, and they will also announce the

inaugural Gerry E. Connolly Empowerment Award.
I include in the Record

the following recipients:

Community Partners of the Year: Alexandria City Public

Schools' Family and Community Engagement Center (FACE),

MarginEdge, The Wollenberg Foundation.
Volunteers of the Year: Zenaida Bastidas, Gail Gile, Linda

Zenker.