Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support

To hold hearings to examine matters within the

jurisdiction of the Assistant Secretaries for Energy,

Installation, and Environment in support of the Fiscal

Year 2026 National Defense Authorization Act.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Federal Courts, Oversight, Agency Action,

and Federal Rights

To hold hearings to examine China and lawfare against

American energy dominance.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of John

Dever, of Illinois, to be General Counsel, and George

Wesley Street, of Virginia, to be Director of the

National Counterintelligence and Security Center, both

of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence,

and Matthew Kozma, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary

of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis.
3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine how sports medicine can

improve health outcomes for seniors.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine correcting mismanagement of

the veterans crisis line.
JUNE 26

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Hung Cao,

of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Navy, Michael

Dodd, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary, Jules

Hurst III, of Virginia, Brent Ingraham, of Virginia,

and William Gillis, of Virginia, each to be an

Assistant Secretary of the Army, all of the Department

of Defense.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Penny

Schwinn, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Secretary, and

Kimberly Richey, of Texas, to be Assistant Secretary

for Civil Rights, both of the Department of Education,

and Daniel Aronowitz, of Virginia, and David Keeling,

of Kentucky, both to be an Assistant Secretary,

Jonathan Berry, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, Andrew

Rogers, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Wage

and Hour Division, Anthony D'Esposito, of New York, to

be Inspector General, Andrea Lucas, of Virginia, to be

a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity

Commission, Jeremiah Workman, of Ohio, to be Assistant

Secretary for Veterans' Employment and Training, all of

the Department of Labor, and other pending business.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Whitney

D. Hermandorfer, of Tennessee, to be United States

Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Zachary M.

Bluestone, Maria A. Lanahan, and Cristian M. Stevens,

each to be a United States District Judge for the

Eastern District of Missouri, Joshua M. Divine, to be

United States District Judge for the Eastern and

Western Districts of Missouri, Bart McKay Davis, to be

United States Attorney for the District of Idaho for

the term of four years, David Metcalf, to be United

States Attorney for the Eastern District of

Pennsylvania for the term of four years, and Kurt Wall,

to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of

Louisiana for the term of four years.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for the Air Force and Space Force.
11 a.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To hold hearings to examine the cost of a bad deal in

Ukraine.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence

matters.
POSTPONEMENTS

JUNE 25

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Interior.