This bill would immediately remove the AOC and the NPS Director from

the Commission, and the Commission would, at least initially, consist

solely of three mayoral appointees.
D.C. would have the authority to

reconstitute the membership of the Commission through local

legislation.
This bill is an important step to increase D.C. home rule.
I urge my

colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NEWSLETTER FROM CONGRESSMAN CHUCK EDWARDS

HON.
CHUCK EDWARDS

Mr. EDWARDS.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the following

newsletter to give an update to my constituents on the One Big

Beautiful Bill Act, post office disruptions, National Police Week, and

Helene recovery.
Dear Friend,

Last week, the U.S. House of Representatives passed H.R.

1--better known as the ``One Big Beautiful Bill''--a historic

piece of legislation that will:

Keep taxes low for working Americans.
Strengthen border security.
Rebuild our military.
Drive American energy independence.
Protect entitlement programs so the Americans who need them

have them.
This bill is key to fulfilling the America First agenda.
Below, you will find some of the most important components of

the One Big Beautiful Bill that will make a difference in our

mountain communities.
Providing tax relief for workers and families

Provides a $5,000 tax cut for the average American family.
Eliminates taxes on tips, overtime, and car loan interest

for cars made in the U.S.

$4,000 tax deduction for seniors.
Increases the child tax credit to $2,500 per American

family through 2028.
Making tax dollars work for the American people

Strengthens Medicaid by preventing illegal aliens and folks

who can, but refuse to, work from unlawfully collecting

benefits.
Roots out waste, fraud, and abuse from Medicaid by removing

deceased individuals from the program.
Reverses the Biden-era mandate that allowed Medicaid to

cover ``gender transition'' procedures for minors.
Reversing green energy radicalism

Eliminates hundreds of billions of dollars in Green New

Deal tax credits.
Repeals the Biden administration's electric vehicle

mandates.
Drives American energy independence by opening federal

lands and waters to oil, gas, coal, geothermal, and mineral

leasing.
Streamlines onerous permitting processes so America can

build again.
Refills the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, reducing our

reliance on foreign oil and strengthening our national

security.
Securing our borders

Authorizes $46 billion to complete construction of the

border wall.
Hires 10,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement

personnel, 5,000 new Customs officers, and 3,000 new Border

Patrol agents with the goal of deporting at least 1 million

illegal immigrants every year.
Bolsters the Department of Homeland Security efforts to

secure our borders.
Ensuring the U.S. military remains the strongest fighting

force in the world

Ensures critical investments to rebuild our military,

improve quality of life for service members, bolster

munitions production, and modernize our nuclear arsenal.
Launches President Trump's Golden Dome initiative to ensure

the homeland is protected from modern and advanced threats.
This bill will restore American greatness and improve the

lives of Americans nationwide--from the mountains of Western

North Caro]ina to the coastlines of California.
The American people are ready for our Golden Age.
Now, it's

time for the Senate to act.
With my warmest regards,

Chuck Edwards,

Member of Congress.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.