From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DIDI KRISHNA KUMARI

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Didi Krishna

Kumari, a revered spiritual leader, humanitarian, and educator whose

lifelong commitment to service has uplifted communities across the

globe.
Born on May 9, 1961, Didi Krishna began her spiritual journey at the

age of three under the guidance of saints Sadhu T.L. Vaswani and Dada

J.P. Vaswani.
She now serves as the head of the Sadhu Vaswani Mission,

leading with humility, wisdom, and dedication to service.
Founded in the 1930's, the Sadhu Vaswani Mission has flourished under

Didi Krishna's leadership into a global force for compassion and

healing.
With more than 60 centers across five continents, the Mission

carries out extensive work in education, health care, spiritual

development, and humanitarian relief.
For over ninety years, it has

served those most in

need--uplifting the poor, the sick, the voiceless, and the forgotten.
To many, Didi Krishna is more than a leader; she is a spiritual guide

and a saint-like presence.
Her gentle demeanor, deep compassion, and

unwavering devotion have earned her the love and respect of people from

all walks of life.
She leads not with fanfare, but with quiet strength

and grace, always placing service before self.
Mr. Speaker, Didi Krishna Kumari's tireless efforts are a testament

to the profound impact one individual can have through a life of

purpose and humility.
It is my honor to recognize her extraordinary

contributions to humanity.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RICHARD STEIN'S CONTRIBUTIONS TO ORANGE COUNTY'S ARTS AND ARTS

EDUCATION

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions

of Richard Stein, a leading advocate and partner for the arts and arts

education across Orange County, California.
Richard, who recently stepped down as the President and CEO of Arts

Orange County, led the organization for more than 14 years.
Under his

leadership, Arts Orange County addressed the needs of the arts and

culture community in Orange County as a trailblazer among nonprofit

arts councils worldwide--augmenting traditional arts agency programs

and services with its unique role as the community's go-to arts

consultant to government, education, and nonprofit organizations.
This

has helped enable Arts Orange County, which is celebrating its 30th

anniversary, to become a leading advocate for the arts and arts

education on the local, state, and national level.
Richard's

stewardship also led Arts Orange County to become a strong supporter of

the Congressional Arts Competition, providing funds for winning artists

to travel to Washington, D.C. to see their artwork displayed in the

U.S. Capitol.
Prior to his appointment at Arts Orange County in August 2008, Rick

transformed the Laguna Playhouse in Laguna Beach into a major resident

professional theatre over the course of more than 17 years as its

Executive Director, growing its annual budget of $700,000 to $7 million

and producing more than 100 plays, including two national touring

productions.
He also directed many notable productions at this venue,

including several premieres.
Rick first came to Orange County in 1987, to serve as Managing

Director of the Grove Shakespeare Festival in Garden Grove following a

five-year stint as Director of Lincoln Theater at Connecticut's

University of Hartford.
Before that, he held management positions with

two major symphony orchestras.
Rick holds degrees in English from Columbia and Syracuse Universities

and returned to Columbia for postgraduate study in drama on a National

Endowment for the Humanities summer fellowship.
He was sent to Korea on

a cultural exchange by the International Theatre Institute-US, served

on the executive committee of the League of Resident Theatres, and was

a contributing writer to AMERICAN THEATRE magazine.
Rick is a former Chair of the John Wayne Airport Arts Commission,

past President of the Association of Fund Raising Professionals-Orange

County Chapter, and twice former Co-Chair of National Philanthropy Day-

Orange County.