Chief Bean, a lifelong resident of Culver and Union Township,

graduated from Culver Community Schools and began his law enforcement

career as a reserve deputy marshal in 1980 for the Culver Police

Department, becoming a full-time deputy in 1982.
His leadership quickly

stood out as he was promoted to deputy chief in 1991 and chief of the

Culver Police Department just a few years later, a role he has held

with distinction for more than two decades.
Throughout his career, Chief Bean has served with professionalism,

bravery, and compassion.
He supported law enforcement efforts beyond

Culver, including service as a reserve officer with the Argos Police

Department in the 1990's and again from 2007 to 2012.
Chief Bean has been involved in numerous complex and critical

investigations.
In one particularly heroic incident, he assisted in

defusing a dangerous standoff, disarming an armed individual who was

threatening family members, thereby preventing serious harm or loss of

life.
Chief Bean also championed traffic safety and enforcement, recording

over 60 DUI arrests in a single year, and worked tirelessly to

modernize the department's equipment and operations to better serve the

community.
Beyond his law enforcement duties, Chief Bean has remained active in

civic life.
He is a long-standing member of the local Fraternal Order

of Police, having served as president and currently serving as vice

president.
Mr. Speaker, Chief Wayne Bean's legacy is one of steadfast

dedication, courage, and unwavering commitment to public safety.
As he

retires, I join the residents of Culver and law enforcement

professionals across the Hoosier state in thanking him for his

outstanding service and wishing him all the best in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING D.C. FIRE AND EMS CAPTAIN JORDAN WILEY

HON.
JOHN JOYCE

Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an

Altoona native, Penn State graduate, and newest Captain of D.C. Fire

and EMS, Jordan Wiley.
Jordan studied Emergency Medicine at the

University of Pittsburgh before receiving his Master of Public

Administration from Penn State University.
In October of 2014, Jordan joined the D.C. Fire and EMS Department as

a Firefighter and Paramedic.
In nearly eleven years of service, Jordan

was awarded the department's `Paramedic of the Year' award in 2019 and

earned promotions to Sergeant in 2020, Lieutenant in 2022, and Captain

in 2024.
However, the most important milestone for Jordan was when he

met his wife Catelyn and started a family with their two children,

Russell and Madison.
Jordan has dedicated so much of his time, in and out of the

firehouse, to serving his fellow community members.
As a cancer

survivor himself, Jordan is instrumental in efforts to promote cancer

awareness and prevention within the department.
Cancer-related deaths

are rising among firefighters, and Jordan's advocacy will help save

lives.
Jordan is also an advocate for the National Marrow Donor Program,

working to save lives by connecting bone marrow donors with patients

who have life-threatening blood disorders such as leukemia, lymphoma,

and sickle cell.
Jordan has faithfully served his community and fellow Americans for

more than a decade, both as a paramedic and as an advocate for cancer

patients, and I know his parents, Frank Wiley and Dr. Mary O'Leary

Wiley, are incredibly proud of the man and father he has become.
Along with everyone in Pennsylvania's 13th Congressional District, I

want to congratulate Captain Wiley on his selection to lead the D.C.

Fire and EMS Department and thank him for his continued dedication to

our fellow Americans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DIDI KRISHNA KUMARI

HON.
RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI

Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Didi Krishna

Kumari, a revered spiritual leader, humanitarian, and educator whose

lifelong commitment to service has uplifted communities across the

globe.