Rick holds degrees in English from Columbia and Syracuse Universities

and returned to Columbia for postgraduate study in drama on a National

Endowment for the Humanities summer fellowship.
He was sent to Korea on

a cultural exchange by the International Theatre Institute-US, served

on the executive committee of the League of Resident Theatres, and was

a contributing writer to AMERICAN THEATRE magazine.
Rick is a former Chair of the John Wayne Airport Arts Commission,

past President of the Association of Fund Raising Professionals-Orange

County Chapter, and twice former Co-Chair of National Philanthropy Day-

Orange County.
From 2009 to 2022, he served on the board of

Californians for the Arts/California Arts Advocates, a statewide

organization promoting the interests of the arts community, including

three years as its President.
Demonstrating his commitment to fostering an appreciation of the arts

in the next generation, Richard has been a guest lecturer at University

of California, Irvine and California State University, Fullerton, and

was a commencement keynote speaker for the Laguna College of Art and

Design.
He has served as a panelist or site visitor for the National

Endowment for the Arts, California Arts Council, Western States Arts

Federation, Los Angeles County Arts Commission, City of Los Angeles

Department of Cultural Affairs, City of San Diego Commission for Arts

and Culture, Riverside Arts Council, New England Foundation for the

Arts, Louisville Fund for the Arts, City of Pasadena, and the

Connecticut Commission on the Arts, for which he also produced its

State Arts Awards.
Although his career has largely been in the theatre, Rick's first

post after finishing graduate school was as Executive Director of a

local arts agency, Oswego County Council on the Arts, located in

Fulton, New York.
In fact, the theatre company Richard co-founded in

1977, Contemporary Theatre of Syracuse, continues operation today as

The Red House, a highly successful producer of multi-disciplinary arts.
He is a 33-year resident of San Juan Capistrano with his wife, Alison,

an artist.
I call on my colleagues to join me in celebrating Richard Stein's

leadership and stewardship of the arts in Orange County and thank him

for helping bring arts and culture to our community and country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MS.
ALFONSINA DIAZ

HON.
JAMES C. MOYLAN

Mr. MOYLAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure to honor the life

of Ms. Alfonsina Diaz--a World War II survivor; lifelong educator; a

woman of God; mother, grandmother, and great grandmother to her family

and community; and most importantly, her legacy of 100 years of life

that demonstrate the values of spiritual strength and the significance

of family.
Known to her family and friends as Ancin, she is the eldest of six

children born to Maria Santos Tanaka Diaz and Joaquin Flores Diaz.
Despite her childhood and much of her youth remembering the painful

occupation of the Japanese during World War II, she intentionally lives

and chooses to carry her life with the spirit of resilience and joy.
A

fond memory of her youth includes working alongside her sister Cecilia

Tanaka Diaz Reyes, first cousin Matilde Cruz Baron, and aunt Asuncion

Tanaka Santos at Tommy's Soda Fountain.
Owned by her uncle Tom Santos

Tanaka, Sr.
and father Joaquin Flores Diaz, it was a popular spot for

the teenagers during the 1950's.
She always had fun when she worked.
After graduating from high school, she worked at C.L. (previously

Sinajana) Elementary as an elementary school teacher for the 1st to 3rd

grades.
She met her husband and they've stayed together since marrying

in June of 1950.
When they moved to Agana Heights, they've welcomed

their seven children: Carmelita, Robert, Marie, Joaquin, Martha,

Daniel, and Nora.
As she raised her family, she continued to be a full-

time teacher.
The love she had for her job can be felt through her previous and

present students--

many of which have shared fond memories during their time together.