Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Vietnam and Korean War veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on July 12, 2023, with Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam, and Korean War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The National Mall in Washington, D.C.
These memorials were built to honor their courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers, Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen, who traveled here on June 12th answered our Nation's call to service during one of its greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the Korean Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service and sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to rise and join me in expressing gratitude.
David Lee Allen, Louis Allen, William Paul Altgilbers, Ronald Michael Andrus, Oray Baker, Jr., Randy Barham, Donald Barker, John C. Baumgart, Dennis L. Behnke, Norman Bowens, Jr., Leroy Allen Buss, Duane A. Buttell, Jr., Freddie Cagle, David B. Carlyon, Thomas Cellini, Louis J. Cicchetti, Louis E. Ciesla, Henry Clark, James Darcy, James R. Davidson, Steven L. Devereaux, Richard Jesus Diaz, Vincent Domino, Ildephonse J. Dorado, Leslie Duncan, Gerald Fedyski, Hal Melland Finkle, Frank Freemont Fisher, William G. Fountas, Herbert E. Fuqua, Joseph P. Gagliano, Robert Halvey, Kenneth George Hauser, Phillip F. Hauze, Bruce Ramond Heldt, John E. Hielema, James Richard Hoder, James R. Hoder, Robert Horwath, Thom Howell, Ronald E. Johnson, Anthony Juszynski, Ted Alan Kachlic, Louis Kahn, George J. Kane, William Keogh, Randall J. Kethcart, Fred E. Kogler, Mitchell Koonce, Lawrence J. Kozak, Thomas W. Krakowski, James R. Kramer, Richard Krol, Leonard J. Kulasa, Madore Lanoue, Richard A. Luemen, Renzo Manfredini, Julius M. Marbury, Costante James Martello, Daniel Martinez, Michael H. Masello, Dwight Mayberry, Patrick E. McDonald, Terrence McHugh, Roy Meldahl, Wayne Raymond Melichar, Jr., Michael W. Micetic, Robert J. Miller, Sr., James J. Morgan, Eugene J. Mudgett, Kenneth J. Murawski, Richard J. Otto, Lawrence Pagliaro, Terry Pappas, George J. Parsons, Jr., John E.