Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable person, Nick Wallace.
He is a celebrated executive chef, entrepreneur, and philanthropist, who leverages his innate talents to highlight the beauty of food, redefine the Southern experience, and introduce the world to Mississippi-inspired cuisine.
Drawing inspiration from his early training with his grandmothers, Nick's culinary style combines his family-farm origin with French technique, resulting in a modern, Mississippi-influenced cuisine infused with Nick's own culinary innovation experience and understanding of flavor profiles.
Nick is the owner of CHURN Creameries 2022, Nick Wallace Culinary, Nick Wallace Catering, and Nissan Cafe by Nick Wallace.
In addition to flexing his leadership skills as an executive chef at some of America's prominent museums and hotels, Nick has been featured in domestic and international television programming, including Food Network's Comfort Nation (Season 2); Chopped, Chopped: Alton's Challenge, and Cutthroat Kitchen; Food Network Canada's Firemasters; and Voyage's (France) Unexplored America--Mississippi.
Most recently, Nick appeared on Bravo's Top Chef (Season 19) and CNN's NOMAD with Carlton McCoy.
Through the years, Nick has garnered regional and national recognition, including being selected by the James Beard Foundation to present five Mississippi-themed dinners in New York City; participating in 50 States--50 Chefs (Flavored Nation); being named ``Best Chef of Mississippi'' (2020; gaining consistent inclusion in the peer reviewed ``Best Chefs America'' list; and earning ``Best Chef' (Jackson, MS) recognition for 4 consecutive years.
Additionally, Nick is the founder of Creativity Kitchen, a nonprofit aimed at providing nutrition education, exposure to farm-to-table practices, and access to flavorful, healthy meals and culinary experiences for young, public-school students and their families (Jackson, MS).
Most recently, Creativity Kitchen partnered with Whole Food's 5 percent Community Giving Program, helping to add a percentage Committed to his community and using palate-pleasing cuisine to touch lives, Nick is a Co-Chair of Share the Gulf and a board member for Hunger Free America.
He also participates in partnerships with organizations such as the American Cancer Society, Dole, Novo Nordisk, and Partnership for a Healthy Mississippi.