In his famous 1790 letter to the Jewish community of Newport, Rhode Island, George Washington wrote that ``the Government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no assistance, requires only that they who live under its protection should demean themselves as good citizens, in giving it on all occasions their effectual support.''
These words were not the kind of quid pro quo sometimes offered by European Enlightenment leaders of the time to Jews; it was not an implicit warning that they ought to behave themselves if they wanted to be tolerated.
President Washington, under whose leadership many Jews had fought during the Revolutionary War, was simply recognizing that America only required of its Jews what it required of all its citizens.
At the founding, America was already not a Christian nation, and this was in large part because of its Jews.
Everywhere else in the world, prior to the American Revolution, Jews were disfranchised, politically isolated, and vulnerable.
Even where they were relatively secure, such as in England, they were not full citizens.
In 1775, on the eve of the Revolutionary War, English Jews could not vote, serve on juries, serve in Parliament, be military officers, attend a university, engage in some businesses, become barristers, or practice some other professions.
Jewish immigrants had to pay special ``alien'' taxes forever, because they could not naturalize.
And as aliens, immigrant Jews were prohibited from owning real estate or seagoing vessels, and from engaging in colonial or foreign trade.
Things had been somewhat better in England's North American colonies, where momentum toward full equality built as the Revolution grew nearer, in part because of Jewish support for the patriot cause.
In 1765, ten Jewish merchants in New York City, along with nearly two hundred Christian businessmen, signed a non-importation agreement to boycott British goods.
Jewish merchants in Philadelphia and Newport, signed similar agreements.
Others, most famously Haym Salomon, joined the Sons.
Gershom Mendes Seixas, the spiritual leader became the United States--actively supported Independence.
In 1774, Francis Salvador had won a