Just as there is a science of reading instruction, there is a science of math instruction.
The scientific way of teaching math includes: having students memorize math facts (like multiplication tables and addition and subtraction facts) and standard algorithms (time-tested math procedures): teaching computational procedures and conceptual understanding together (and not as progressives would have it, concepts before procedures); stressing that getting answers to problems right and doing so quickly are components of math fluency; and bearing in mind that committing math facts and procedures to long-term memory frees the student's mind to handle novel problems.
Instead, the progressive-education authors of the math framework want students to learn through their own inquiry and self-discovery.
The authors give little emphasis to mastery of facts and standard algorithms.
The authors want to organize math instruction not in the architectonic system of increasing abstraction in which it has traditionally been taught, but instead in accordance with vague, billowy ``big ideas.''
Educational researcher Tom Loveless (retired from the Brookings lnstitution) says: ``The previous framework was very clear that math fluency involves speed and accuracy.
The proposed framework rejects speed as being even part of fluency, and that's a problem.''
The newly revised framework delays fluency in multiplication and division tables until late in elementary school.
This delay will spill over into subsequent math learning, and Loveless believes that many students will be unprepared for Algebra I even by ninth grade.
As I have written before (with my co-author, the late Ze'ev Wurman): The framework promotes only the progressive-education approach to teaching math, calling it ``student-led'' instruction, ``active learning,'' ``active inquiry,'' and ``collaborative'' instruction.
But evidence from the 1950s through recent times shows that this way of teaching math is ineffective.
That evidence comes from scrutinizing carefully designed studies featuring randomized control and what are called quasi-experiments, which approximate the effect of a randomized assignment of students to different groups.
Quasiexperiments look at cases, for example, where two adjoining districts with similar populations or two adjoining similar schools adopt different policies.
Both sorts of studies are much stronger evidence than the case studies that progressive educators rely on.
In the spring 2012 issue of American Educator, the magazine of the American Federation of Teachers, top educational psychologists Richard E. Clark, Paul A. Kirschner, and John Sweller summarized ``decades of research'' that ``clearly demonstrates'' that for almost all students, ``direct, explicit instruction'' is ``more effective'' than inquirybased progressive education in math.
Clark, Kirschner, and Sweller conclude that after ``a half century'' of progressive educators advocating inquiry-based teaching of math, ``no body of sound research'' can be found that supports using that approach with ``anyone other than the most expert students.''
Evidence from the best studies, they emphasize, ``almost uniformly'' supports ``full and explicit'' instruction rather than an inquiry-based approach.