2166, to amend the Reclamation States Emergency Drought Relief Act of 1991 and the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to provide grants to States and Indian Tribes for programs to voluntarily repurpose agricultural land to reduce consumptive water use, S. 2169, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to carry out watershed pilots, S. 2202, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to authorize the modification of transferred works to increase public benefits and other project benefits as part of extraordinary operation and maintenance work, and an original bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to continue to implement endangered fish recovery programs from the Upper Colorado and San Juan River Basins.
SD-366 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 2088, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to complete all actions necessary for certain land to be held in restricted fee status by the Oglala Sioux Tribe and Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe.
SD-628 2:45 p.m.
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government To hold hearings to examine the FY 2024 budget for the Securities and Exchange Commission.
SD-124 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Competition Policy, Antitrust, and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine trends in vertical merger enforcement.
SD-226 3 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Subcommittee on Rural Development and Energy To hold hearings to examine rural water, focusing on modernizing our community water systems.
SR-328A Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship Business meeting to consider S. 38, to amend the Small Business Act to codify the Boots to Business Program, S. 77, to reauthorize the State Trade Expansion Program of the Small Business Administration, S. 609, to establish a pilot program awarding competitive grants to organizations administering entrepreneurial development programming to formerly incarcerated individuals, and other purposes, S. 673, to allow nonprofit child care providers to participate in certain loan programs of the Small Business Administration, S. 936, to amend the Small Business Act to include requirements relating to graduates of career and technical education programs or programs of study for small business development centers and women's business centers, S. 943, to increase the minimum disaster loan amount for which the Small Business Administration may require collateral, S. 1156, to establish an Office of Native American Affairs within the Small Business Administration, S. 1345, to amend the Small Business Act to enhance the Office of Credit Risk Management, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to issue rules relating to environmental obligations of certified development companies, S. 1352, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to improve the loan guaranty program, enhance the ability of small manufacturers to access affordable capital, S. 1370, to reauthorize and limit the pre-disaster mitigation program of the Small Business Administration, S. 1396, to improve commercialization activities in the SBIR and STTR programs, S. 1402, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Commerce for Minority Business Development, to establish a grant program to create or expand programs at minority-serving institutions and historically Black colleges and universities that promote minority business ownership and entrepreneurship, S. 1458, to require the Administrator program to assist small business concerns with purchasing cybersecurity products and services, S. 1739, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish an Innovation Voucher Grant Program, S. 1763, to include smoke in the definition of disaster in the Small Business Act, S. 2094, to reauthorize the Interagency Committee on Women's Business Enterprise, S. 2099, to establish an Office of Community Financial Institutions within the Small Business Administration that will strengthen the ability of Community Financial Institutions to support the development of small business concerns in underserved communities, S. 2100, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to modify fees and funding for certain small business refinancing loans and loans to qualified State or local development companies, S. 2146, to amend the Small Business Act to increase the Governmentwide goal for participation in Federal contracts by small business concerns owned and controlled by service-disabled veterans, S. 2184, to amend the Small Business Act to improve the Women's Business Center Program, S. 2185, to amend the Small Business Act to require an annual report on entrepreneurial development programs, S. 2206, to increase the guarantee amount under the Surety Bond Program of the Small Business Administration, S. 2209, to establish a veteran Federal procurement entrepreneurship training program, S. 2212, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish an SBIC Advisory Committee, and an original bill entitled, ``Community Advantage Loan Program Act''.
SR-428A