Ms. LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Patrick Gallagher of Pittsburgh, PA.
After nearly a decade serving as Chancellor of the University of Pittsburgh, a tenure that included tremendous gains in Pitt's academic profile and demand, solidified the University's role as a community partner and anchor, and elevated Pitt's research stature, impact, and activity to near-peerless echelons of excellence, 
Mr. Gallagher will step down on July 15, 2023.
Over the course of 
Mr. Gallagher's Chancellorship, he enhanced the University of Pittsburgh's reputation as an economic engine for Pennsylvania.
One out of every 32 Pennsylvania workers earns their degree from Pitt, resulting in $5.2 billion in economic impact during his time.
He has also positioned Pitt to continue this record, shaping the University's future through facilities like The Assembly, Pitt BioForge, and Victory Heights.
These future projects are part and parcel of 
Mr. Gallagher's commitment to the University's student body.
Pitt student-athletes flourished under Patrick Gallagher's watch, earning 4 ACC championships in volleyball, 2 College Cup appearances for men's soccer, 1 conference championship in football, and 1 national wrestling championship.
And while the University's applications for admission rose to record highs under his tenure, he ensured that tuition rates would remain affordable for Pennsylvanians through Pitt's strong relationship with the Commonwealth.
Under 
Mr. Gallagher's leadership, the University provided unprecedented support to its world-class researchers and its surrounding community.
Today, the University ranks third in the country in terms of funding from the National Institutes of Health and secured its status and is one of just 24 universities nationwide to reach and exceed $1 billion in sponsored research expenditures.
With these numerous accomplishments, 
Mr. Gallagher departs with the sincere appreciation and respect of the Board of Trustees as well as the admiration of Pitt's administration, faculty, staff, students, and alumni.
Now, therefore, let it be proclaimed that the retirement of Chancellor Patrick D. Gallagher by celebrated and commended by all for exemplary leadership and remarkable contributions to higher education in Pennsylvania.