Mr. NORCROSS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and commend Colonel Kirby Gross on his retirement.
Colonel Kirby Gross has served in the United States Army as a trauma surgeon for a span of 21 years.
He has been deployed 10 times totaling over 5 years of combat service.
Colonel Gross has served for 5 years of combat service, after being deployed a total of 10 times.
Throughout Colonel Gross's career, he served in many positions that increased his positive influence on the lives of others.
During his 21 years of service, Colonel Gross served twice as the Joint Theater Trauma System Director, and the Theater Medical Director for Operation Inherent Resolve.
Here, he was able to develop medical assets which provided care to injured soldiers within the theater, therefore improving battlefield care.
Throughout his many positions, he was able to demonstrate empathy towards warriors, aiding many in their return to good health.
Colonel Gross served the country in many important and influential roles.
He worked as the Commander of the 772nd Forward Surgical Team (FST) to Iraq, which is where he assumed the role of Chief of Surgery of the 10th Combat Support Hospital Directors of the Joint Trauma System (JTS), Chief of Defense Medical Readiness Training Institute (DMRTI), and Chief of Surgery of the Army Trauma Training Detachment (ATTD).
He has been able to use his roles to improve care for wounded warriors, positively impacting their families and our Nation.
Today, Colonel Gross works diligently as an Army Trauma Surgeon in the Division of Trauma within the Section of Military, Diplomatic, and Field Surgical Affairs at Cooper University Health Care as part of the Army Medical Department, Military-Civilian Trauma Team Training Program.
Colonel Gross's work has affected the lives of many, as he improved the survivability of soldiers throughout the Global War on Terrorism.
His actions have influenced and encouraged an environment of achievement that will assuredly increase the survivability rate of military campaigns for our country.