JULY 19 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1253, to increase the number of U.S. Customs and Border Protection Customs and Border Protection officers and support staff and to require reports that identify staffing, infrastructure, and equipment needed to enhance security at ports of entry, S. 1444, to increase the pay and enhance the training of United States Border Patrol agents, S. 2251, to improve the cybersecurity of the Federal Government, S. 2248, to require a pilot program on the use of big data analytics to identify vessels evading sanctions and export controls and to require a report on the availability in the United States of emerging and foundational technologies subject to export controls, S. 1332, to require the Office of Management and Budget to revise the Standard Occupational Classification system to establish a separate code for direct support professionals, S. 1524, to ensure that whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a reprisal, S. 2032, to require the reduction of the reliance and expenditures of the Federal Government on legacy information technology systems, S. 1973, to require the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Government, an original bill entitled, ``Northern Border Coordination Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Mitigating Foreign Influence in Classified Government Contracts Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Border Enforcement, Security, and Trade Facilitation Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Wildland Firefighter Paycheck Protection Act'', an original bill entitled, ``PUMP Technical Corrections Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Purchased Data Inventory Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Streamlining Federal Grants Act'', an original bill entitled, ``PFAS-Free Procurement Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Government Ethics Transparency Act'', an original bill entitled, ``AI Leadership To Enable Accountable Deployment Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Eliminate Useless Reports Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal Cybersecurity Workforce Expansion Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Grant Transparency Act'', and the nomination of Fara Damelin, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Federal Communications Commission.
SD-562 2 p.m. Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the economic impact of diabetes.
CHOB-210 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Water and Power To hold hearings to examine S. 461, to make certain irrigation districts eligible for Pick-Sloan Missouri Basin Program pumping power, S. 482, to amend the Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 to provide the Secretary of the Interior with certain authorities with respect to projects affecting the Klamath Basin watershed, S. 739, to clarify jurisdiction with respect to certain Bureau of Reclamation pumped storage development, S. 1118, to establish the Open Access Evapotranspiration (OpenET) Data Program, S. 1215, to require assessments of opportunities to install and maintain floating photovoltaic solar panels at Bureau of Reclamation and Corps of Engineers projects, S. 1521, to amend the Federal Power Act to modernize and improve the licensing of non-Federal hydropower projects, S. 1662, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to convey to the Midvale Irrigation District the Pilot Butte Power Plant in the State of Wyoming, S. 1955, to amend the Central Utah Project Completion Act to authorize expenditures for the conduct of certain water conservation measures in the Great Salt Lake basin, S. 2102, to provide for drought preparedness and improved water supply reliability, S. 2160, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to authorize certain extraordinary operation and maintenance work for urban canals of concern, S. 2161, to provide financial assistance for projects to address certain subsidence impacts in the State of California, S. 2162, to support water infrastructure in Reclamation States, S.