Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Sergeant Major Collin D.

Barry for 24 years of dedicated service to our Nation.
Sergeant Major Barry first answered the call to service in 1999 when

he enlisted in Tucumcari, New Mexico.
Twenty-four years later, he is

retiring as the Marine Corps Installations National Capital Region-

Marine Corps Base Quantico Command Senior Enlisted Leader.
Sergeant Major Barry has a distinguished record of service, evident

by the numerous service awards he has received, including a Purple

Heart, the Navy and Marine Corps Meritorious Service Medal, and the

Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal.
Throughout his career, Sergeant Major Barry has selflessly served his

country, deploying in support of multiple military operations including

Operation Iraqi Freedom I, Operation Iraqi Freedom II, and Operation

Inherent Resolve.
He has served as an instructor and been a role model

to students while assigned to the Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps-

University of New Mexico, and as a Basic Reconnaissance Course Platoon

Sergeant, Chief Instructor, and Course Chief at the Reconnaissance

Training Company, Advanced Infantry Training Battalion, School of

Infantry-West.
Sergeant Major Barry has also committed himself to learning and has

been a dedicated student during his time of service.
He earned his

Doctor of Philosophy degree in Global Leadership and Organizational

Management from the Indiana Institute of Technology, a Master of

Business Administration degree from Texas A&M University, and a

Bachelor of Business Administration from the Anderson School of

Management at the University of New Mexico.
His expertise and leadership led him to participate in two Commandant

improve culture, force preservation, and human performance optimization

within the force.
He has made academic and practitioner advancements in

military leadership through published research and was recognized by

the Marine Corps Association for communication distinction for his

articles published in the Marine Corps Gazette.
Sergeant Major Barry has gone above and beyond in the many roles he

has fulfilled throughout his career as a mentor, teacher, student, and

as a Marine.
His legacy of service and leadership will continue through

all the servicemembers who have had the honor of serving with him.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

thanking Sergeant Major Collin D. Barry for 24 years of service to our

country, and in wishing him the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
KATIE PORTER

Ms. PORTER.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present to cast my votes

on December 6, 2023.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll

Call No.
698, NAY on Roll Call No.
699, YEA on Roll Call No.
700, NAY

on Roll Call No.
701, YEA on Roll Call No.
702, NAY on Roll Call No.
703 and YEA on Roll Call No.
704.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BLACK RIVER TECHNICAL COLLEGE

HON.
ERIC A. ``RICK'' CRAWFORD

Mr. CRAWFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Black River

Technical College on its 50th Anniversary as a two-year degree

conferring institution serving the First Congressional District of

Arkansas.
Since its founding, Black River Technical College has played a major

role in the professional development of the citizens of Northeast

Arkansas and Southeast Missouri by offering a wide range of programs,

such as associate degrees, technical certificates, certificates of

proficiency, and adult and continuing education courses.
Located on two

campuses in Pocahontas and Paragould, Arkansas, with an enrollment of

approximately 2,500 students, Black River Technical College has a

vision to ``lead [the] community in learning and economic

development.''
BRTC's staff and faculty members are engaged in our

community and have truly made a difference in the lives of thousands of

people in my part of the country.
The First District is better because

of their service.
Congratulations to Black River Technical College.