But more importantly, she was

progressive, welcoming, and inclusive before that was fashionable.
Fran

represented the very best of this lnstitution.
I send my deepest condolences to her family and gratitude for sharing

her with Team Schakowsky and the House of Representatives.
I include in

the Record the following obituary, published in the December 5th

Washington Post, describing her life of achievement.
Fran Duvall

(1 January 1935--14 May 2022)

The family of Frances Eloise Duvall honors her memory

during this holiday season.
Ms. Duvall was born 1 January 1935 at home in Landover,

Maryland and died 14 May 2022 in Fairfax, Virginia.
She was

the ninth and last child of Anna Louise (nee Bennett) and

George Paul Duvall and grew up in the nation's capital.
After

graduating from Immaculate Conception Academy in 1952, Ms.

Duvall worked as a typist for the Navy Department, as a

secretary with the University of Maryland Engineering

Department and later with the Civil Service Commission.
Ms. Duvall met Keith Daggy in the early 1950s while both

were members of the Bladensburg Skate Club.
They were married

in 1956 and, a year later, moved to Waynesboro, VA.
There

they had three children, Teresa, Roger, and Mary Helen, who

did not survive a premature birth.
Ms. Duvall and Mr. Daggy

divorced in 1976, at which time Ms. Duvall began working

full-time at the University of Virginia while studying at

Mary Baldwin College (now University) in Staunton, earning

her Bachelor of Arts in Business Management in 1981.
Ms. Duvall then moved back to Washington, DC, where she

worked as the office manager for Representative Sidney R.

Yates, IL, and his successor, Jan Schakowsky, until Ms.

Duvall's retirement in 2001.
The final chapter of Ms. Duvall's life was written at

Greenspring Retirement Community in Springfield, VA, where

she lived from 2003 until her death.
She was deeply involved

in various aspects of the community, particularly the

Greenspring Players, the theatre troupe at the retirement

village.
Ms. Duvall served in many capacities: chair, co-

chair, director, producer, prompter, computer support,

publicity, props and cast parties, as well as upgrading and

clarifying policies and procedures for the Players.
Ms.

Duvall also created and maintained a scholarship program,

awarding scholarships to undergraduate and graduate students

majoring in all aspects of theatre.
Additionally, Ms. Duvall hosted various shows on the

Village's internal television station and assisted in

producing the station's programs on presidential libraries.
She also created sign language classes at the Village.
Ms. Duvall was a life-long Democrat and vigorously defended

equal rights.
She volunteered on Election Day to ensure that

residents could cast their vote.
After attending many memorial services to honor friends who

had passed, Ms. Duvall decided, in January 2020, to celebrate

her 85th birthday with beautiful music performed by her

children and grandchildren and amusing, heartfelt anecdotes

from her friends and loved ones.
Ms. Duvall leaves behind her

daughter, Teresa, and granddaughter Zoe, as well as her son,

Roger, his wife Kimberlea, and their children, Maximilian and

Celia.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
PATRICIA O'BANNON

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Patricia

O'Bannon, Tuckahoe District Supervisor and member of the Henrico County

Board of Supervisors.
Mrs. O'Bannon was first elected in 1995 to represent the Tuckahoe

Magisterial District.
With her election, she became the first woman to

be elected to the Henrico Board of Supervisors, where she became a

strong voice for the communities she serves.
A graduate of Virginia Commonwealth University, Mrs. O'Bannon has

proven to be a source of knowledge for the Henrico community.
Her

expertise is informed by her service on the Richmond Regional

Transportation Planning Organization, the Greater Richmond Partnership,

and as the former Chair of the Capital Region Airport Commission.
Throughout her tenure, she has focused on bettering Henrico County's

infrastructure and improving Henrico schools.