A graduate of Virginia Commonwealth University, Mrs. O'Bannon has

proven to be a source of knowledge for the Henrico community.
Her

expertise is informed by her service on the Richmond Regional

Transportation Planning Organization, the Greater Richmond Partnership,

and as the former Chair of the Capital Region Airport Commission.
Throughout her tenure, she has focused on bettering Henrico County's

infrastructure and improving Henrico schools.
She has also been an

advocate for revamping the sidewalk policy to increase public safety

and accessibility to sidewalks for all in Henrico.
Mrs. O'Bannon has been a dedicated public servant on behalf of her

constituents for the last 27 years, working with colleagues across the

aisle to find solutions for her community.
She has been a steady

leader--stepping in as Chairwoman for the fifth time in February 2017

after the passing of Brookland Representative Richard Glover.
Her

unwavering dedication to working on behalf of Tuckahoe and all of

Henrico County has left a lasting impression for years to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating and

thanking Mrs. Patricia O'Bannon for her outstanding service on behalf

of Henrico County as Tuckahoe Supervisor, and in wishing her the best

as she retires.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
FRANK J. THORNTON

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Frank J.

Thornton, Fairfield Supervisor and Chairman of the Henrico County Board

of Supervisors.
Since his election to the Henrico County Board of Supervisors in

1995, Mr. Thornton has worked hard to build bridges and bring the

Henrico community together.
His historic election is a clear example of

his perseverance and hard work.
Throughout his career, Mr. Thornton has worked hard to empower all in

Henrico.
In the

classroom, he provided guidance and instruction to students as a

professor of French literature.
As a community leader, he has been a

driver for change--challenging the status quo time and again.
His poise

in leadership and fearless advocacy have been the hallmarks of his

career.
Mr. Thornton's passion for Henrico County and his dedication to

the fight for equity and representation have left a permanent mark on

the community.
For many years, Mr. Thornton served as the only Democrat and Black

member on the board.
That is no longer the case today, thanks in part

to Mr. Thornton's tenacity and ability to inspire change.
He has become

a role model for many and has set a great example for up-and-coming

leaders.
Throughout his 27-year tenure as Fairfield Supervisor, he has been

elected as Chairman of the Henrico County Board of Supervisors multiple

times.
Through his work, he has embraced change and highlighted

Henrico's diversity.
He has also been a strong advocate for the

development of community resources--such as the Frank J. Thornton YMCA

Aquatic Center and the extension of the bus line to Short Pump.
Through

his work, he has helped Henrico become more connected, vibrant, and

active.
A patient and dedicated representative, Mr. Thornton has kept

his promise of ``Making Henrico Better for the Future.''
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating and

thanking Mr. Frank J. Thornton for his outstanding service on behalf of

Henrico County as Fairfield Supervisor, and in wishing him the best as

he retires.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SERGEANT MAJOR COLLIN D. BARRY

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to thank Sergeant Major Collin D.

Barry for 24 years of dedicated service to our Nation.
Sergeant Major Barry first answered the call to service in 1999 when

he enlisted in Tucumcari, New Mexico.
Twenty-four years later, he is

retiring as the Marine Corps Installations National Capital Region-

Marine Corps Base Quantico Command Senior Enlisted Leader.