Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable veteran, an

esteemed member of our community in western Massachusetts, and a

national hero.
Born and raised in Holyoke, Massachusetts, Harry L.

Chandler is one of the few remaining members of the Greatest

Generation.
Now 102 years old, Harry will be returning to Pearl Harbor

to commemorate the day that will live in infamy.
Harry's military service began when he chose to enlist in the United

States Navy in 1939, right before completing his high school education.
Enlisting as a hospital corpsman, his service in the Navy during World

War II showcases his courage and commitment to our country, bravely

facing the perils of war.
His experiences during the attack on Pearl

Harbor on December 7, 1941, are etched in our nation's history.
Harry's

actions that day, rescuing fellow sailors amidst chaos and witnessing

the tragic fate of the USS Arizona and USS Utah, are a stark reminder

of the price of freedom and the valor of those who defend it.
This week, as Harry returns to Pearl Harbor, he is not just

revisiting a site of historical significance; he is returning as a

living testament to the bravery of those who served alongside him.
Accompanied by his granddaughter, Kelli Fahey, and her husband, Ron

Mahaffee, Harry will partake in numerous commemorative ceremonies,

including the profound honor of saluting a battleship during the USS

Arizona memorial service.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing Harry L. Chandler,

not only as a veteran of World War II, but as a pillar of strength,

resilience, and humility.
His legacy is

an inspiration to us all and will undoubtedly continue to influence our

community for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 95TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ROME CAPITOL THEATRE

HON.
BRANDON WILLIAMS

Mr. WILLIAMS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today to honor

the Capitol Theatre in Rome, NY as it celebrates its 95th Anniversary

this year.
The idea for the Capitol Theatre was conceived by brothers Myron J.

and Joseph S. Kallet.
Kallet Theaters, Inc., of Oneida, New York

partnered with the M.E. Commerford Amusement Company of Scranton,

Pennsylvania to open the theater on December 10, 1928.
It was designed

by Leon H. Lempert, Jr. and was the first building in the city of Rome,

New York, to be built as a movie house and the first to offer ``talking

pictures''.
The opening program included the feature film Lilac Time,

starring Colleen Moore and Gary Cooper.
Until 1974, the Capitol Theatre operated as a first-run movie house,

and then for the next eleven years was used on occasion for special

events.
The facility was officially re-opened on the 57th anniversary

of the theater, December 10, 1985, by Capitol Civic Center, Inc., a

non-profit formed by volunteers.
In November of 2020, a major restoration project was begun to restore

the Capital interior to its 1939 period.
In July of 2021, the restored

theater reopened, and in January of 2022 the renovation project was

completed with a recreation of the markee and blade sign.
The theater

still hosts its 1928 original installation Mo11er theater organ which

was restored in 2002 and has been used since then to accompany silent

movies.
Today, Capitol Theatre auditorium is part of the Capitol Arts Complex

which is the centerpiece of the ``Rome Arts District''.
Live stage

plays, dance shows, classic movies and special events are all hosted at

the Complex.
Also included in the Complex is the two screen Cinema

Capitol which offers first-run independent movies.
The Capitol Arts

Complex currently hosts over 900 performances annually.
It is truly an honor, on behalf of New York's 22nd Congressional

District, to congratulate the Capitol Theatre on the occasion of its

95th Anniversary.
I wish them continued success for many years to come.