Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the

distinguished career of Andy Flick, who spent 14 years in service to

the United States House of Representatives, before departing recently

to serve as Legislative Director to the Vice President at the White

House.
Andy's career in the House pre-dates my own.
He started in 2009 in

former Congressman Ike Skelton's office before serving in senior roles

with Representatives Costa, Moulton, and Trone.
As the Vice Chair for

Policy of the New Democrat Coalition (New Dems), I feel especially

fortunate that Andy led the New Dems during the 117th Congress and

through much of the 118th Congress.
Throughout my time working with

him, I have observed that Andy is an incredibly dedicated, thoughtful,

and creative staffer and leader.
Under Andy's leadership, the New Dems fully leveraged Democratic

majorities in the House and Senate, and control of the White House to

pass historic legislation, including the Inflation Reduction Act to

lower health care and energy costs and the Chips and Science Act to

bolster American competitiveness in a globalized world.
I am

particularly indebted to Andy for the role that he and the New Dems

played in helping me realize the RECOMPETE Act, which passed as a

provision of the Chips and Science Act.
The RECOMPETE Pilot Program

aims to create renewed economic opportunity in communities that have

faced persistent economic distress.
I grew up in one of these

communities, and it inspired me to run for Congress.
I can leave

Congress more easily after my current term ends, knowing the RECOMPETE

Act was brought to life, in large part because of Andy and the New

Dems' tireless work and skill.
During the 118th Congress, where Democrats have been in the minority,

Andy embraced the Coalition's unique ability to bridge the partisan

divide and make progress on the most pressing challenges facing our

country.
This includes the role New Dems played in helping avert a

fiscal crisis by securing the votes needed to raise the debt ceiling

and orienting policy task forces around critical legislation.
Countless

New Dems have Andy to thank for seeing their policy priorities move

forward despite tough odds.
Throughout his time in working in the legislative branch, Andy left

his fingerprints on policies that have improved the lives of the

American people.
Even more importantly, he has recruited, mentored, and

helped develop countless staffers who want to be like him--with serious

legislative acumen and a steadfast commitment to public service.
Andy's

sharp wit, humor, and unique ability to think of and then pass sound

policy ideas are already sorely missed.
On behalf of my office and the

New Dems, I thank Andy for the legacy he has left on the Hill and for

all the remarkable public service he has delivered and will continue to

deliver at the White House.
We are so proud of him and will be rooting for him, always.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING FRAN DUVALL

HON.
JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

Ms. SCHAKOWSKY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Fran Duvall, who joined

my office when I first came to Congress.
Fran had worked for my

predecessor Sidney R. Yates, who recommended that I hire Fran because

of her many talents and her ability to work as a team member.
Fran was kind, sweet, patient, competent and diligent in setting up

our operations.
She set an early example for my young staff on how to

be an effective staffer on Capitol Hill.
She was integral in my

seamless transition to the House of Representatives and I, like my

staff, relied on her guidance.
But more importantly, she was

progressive, welcoming, and inclusive before that was fashionable.
Fran

represented the very best of this lnstitution.
I send my deepest condolences to her family and gratitude for sharing

her with Team Schakowsky and the House of Representatives.