The Minister is always generous with his time—I thank him for giving way—and I am always smiling in the Chamber, as  the right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  will know.
Conservative Members seem to be suffering from collective amnesia.
Will my right hon.
Friend remind me if the national debt went up or down under the last Government?
[Interruption.]
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the Conservatives’ record.
[Interruption.]
In 2010, I think the national debt was about 67% of GDP, but it was about 100% by the time that they left office.
Order.
Members on both sides of the Chamber are having their own conversations on the side.
I cannot hear the Minister—and everybody wants to hear the Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I was confirming what I think everyone in the Chamber knows about how bad the previous Government’s record on the economy was.
We know why that record was so bad.
It was because previous Ministers failed to invest, and we know that investment is the fuel for our economic engine.
That is why we are taking a different approach.
On helping Ministers with amnesia, does the right hon.
Gentleman acknowledge that there was a pandemic that required a huge amount of intervention, or is he claiming that he would not have supported so many people during that period?
Speaking of amnesia, a lot of Conservatives have forgotten Liz Truss and are not prepared to talk about the impact she had.
Speaking of amnesia, would the right hon.
Gentleman like to remind the House what the deficit was in 2010, when we first formed a Government?
Were you born by that time, Minister?
I had definitely been born by that time, Mr Speaker.
I was doing my maths very rapidly, but I can be confident in saying that.
I seem to have quite lost my way after your intervention, Mr Speaker, but let me return to the main thrust of the argument that I was making a few moments ago.
We are a serious Government who are a serious partner for the private sector, which is why we are investing in things that will get our country moving again.
It is early days; the damage that the Tories did will take time to unpick and there will be more difficult decisions ahead, but since we came to power, this Government have announced £250 billion of new investment commitments, creating tens of thousands of jobs.
The Bank of England has cut interest rates five times, meaning that someone on a tracker mortgage of just over £200,000 is already around £100 a month better off.
We have cut red tape and changed planning regulations so that we can deliver 1.5 million new homes over the course of this Parliament.
We have acted to accelerate the construction of nearly 100,000 new homes, which were previously stuck.
We were the fastest-growing G7 economy in the first half of this year.
Most telling of all, since the general election real wages have risen by more than they did in the first 10 years of the Conservative Government.
The Conservatives’ answer to the nation’s challenges is always the same: austerity.
They want to cut spending, increase debt and accept decline.
In contrast, we will never accept austerity and we will never gamble with the public finances.