Russia’s war in Ukraine is fuelled by oil export revenues sustained by third-country refineries in India, Turkey and China.
They process and re-export Russian crude as refined products, often to sanctioned states.
These countries are fuelling Putin’s war chest.
Last month, President Trump called on Turkey to halt Russian oil imports.
Did the Prime Minister follow President Trump’s approach and demand that his Turkish counterpart stops the Star refinery and Tüpraş from buying Russian oil?
We have these discussions with countries across the world, urging them to support sanctions or to reduce their dependence on Russian oil and gas, which will reduce those imports and help us choke off the supply of Russian oil and gas from the market.
That is why we have also begun to sanction designated refineries not just in Russia itself, but across the world.
What assessment she has made of the level of threat China poses to UK interests.
The former Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , set out to Parliament earlier this year the full spectrum of threats posed by China, including espionage, cyber-attacks, transnational repression and support for Russia.
We challenge China robustly in relation to all those threats.
China is also our third-largest trading partner and a country that we need to work  with intensely on international issues such as climate change.
We need to challenge China on security and compete and co-operate on economic and global affairs.
In her former role, the Foreign Secretary wrote to the Planning Inspectorate raising no objections to the Chinese super-embassy application.
She did not mention any concerns about the secret basements—some people describe them as dungeons—on the application, and she raised no objection to the proximity of the application to key data cables in the City of London.
In her new role, does she now regret her previous lack of action?
The hon.
Member will know that the Government take action to ensure that security measures are in place, and we do so through a series of different routes.
He will also know that the planning process is independent, and will follow its course.
When it comes to the UK’s relations with China, it is not a simple binary choice between national security and growth—national security must always be our non-negotiable red line—but subject to that, does the Foreign Secretary agree that when there are specific sectors where economic engagement with China promotes growth, we should be open to that?
My hon.
Friend is right.
We already have substantial trade with China, there is also investment from both the United Kingdom and China, and we have always been a trading nation that works and trades with countries across the globe, but as my hon.
Friend says, national security must always be the first priority.
That is why, wherever there are national security threats, we take them immensely seriously and will always challenge China on them.