Last week, Labour voted against our amendment, which would have given the House of Commons a say on the Government’s reckless decision to surrender £35 billion of taxpayers’ hard-earned money to Mauritius for the privilege of giving away our own sovereign territory, but we still have no certainty from the Government about the fate of the vital Diego Garcia base after the 99-year period.
What is stopping Mauritius demanding billions more if the UK wishes to extend the use of Diego Garcia for another 40 years?
Would it not be more sensible to save the money, ditch the surrender deal and the keep the Chagos islands British?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows from the many questions that I have answered on this issue, and indeed the debate we had in this place that secured the Bill’s Third Reading, the cost of the agreement in today’s money is £101 million, and the net present value over 99 years is £3.4 billion.
However much he comes up with other fantasy figures, they are simply incorrect; these are verified by the Government Actuary’s Department.
If he wants to talk about spending and value, I will not apologise for spending on our national security and keeping this country and our allies safe.
For comparison, he might like to reflect on the fact that the annual payment is 20% less than the cost of the festival of Brexit.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Hurricane Melissa is expected to make landfall in Jamaica shortly.
It is potentially the most severe storm ever to hit the country.
Sadly, seven people across the region have already reportedly lost their life, and thousands are in shelters as they wait for the storm’s arrival.
Many people will be thinking of family and friends in Jamaica and the region.
I spoke with the Jamaican Foreign Minister yesterday to offer the UK’s full support and solidarity.
We are prepared to mobilise resources at their request.
The FCDO stands ready to help British nationals 24/7.
We have set up the crisis centre in the Foreign Office, including with support from the MOD.
We are also positioning specialist rapid deployment teams to provide consular assistance to British nationals in the region.
Any British nationals who are there should follow our travel advice and the advice of the Jamaican authorities.
We are closely monitoring the hurricane’s path.
Melissa is forecast to impact Cuba next, and potentially the Turks and Caicos Islands and the Bahamas.
Ministers have spoken with the Governors of the overseas territories in the region, and we hope that these islands are spared significant damage.
The UK Government are also preparing to deliver humanitarian assistance to affected areas,  with a focus on meeting the immediate needs of those who are most vulnerable.
We send the people of Jamaica our support and solidarity today.