I was pleased yesterday to see the Foreign Secretary writing in The Times: “Now is the time for international action to use Russia’s frozen sovereign assets to support Ukraine.”
The trouble is that over the past three years, eight months and four days there has been a lot of talk about using these assets, and nothing has happened.
I know that the Foreign Secretary knows that the last thing that Ukraine needs is warm words; we need action, particularly against a background of the Russians renewing their bombing campaign against civilians in the cities.
The question is: if there is going to be a plan, when will it happen?
When will this considerable sum of money be used to rearm and rebuild Ukraine?
I echo my right hon.
Friend’s comments about the civilian attacks that we have seen, including the most horrendous attack on a kindergarten in Ukraine.
She is right that we need to ensure that these assets are mobilised.
Obviously a lot of that needs to be done in conjunction with the European Union, where many of the assets are currently held.
The EU has had a series of discussions and made significant progress through the work done by the EU Commission.
Many of the other individual nations are pressing to go further, and we are working closely with them to do so.
We need to get this investment mobilised to support Ukraine.
The US President was willing to meet the Russian President in Budapest, in spite of the fact that we gave assurances in Budapest in that 1994 memorandum that have since been ignored.
Although that meeting will not now go ahead, can the Foreign Secretary share the Government’s latest thinking about future security guarantees for Ukraine?
Security guarantees remain an important part of our support for Ukraine.
One reason that the coalition of the willing was brought together was to set out what those security guarantees would be.
That will continue to be the case, working with the US to do so.
The most immediate issue is to ensure sufficient economic pressure, particularly on oil and gas, to bring Putin back to the table.
While President Zelensky has said that he is willing to negotiate and support an immediate ceasefire, President Putin is simply escalating the war.