Speaking of challenging China, will the Foreign Secretary comment on the recent threats made by the Chinese Government towards Britain over the embassy application, the spy case and Taiwan, and will she tell the House whether there have been any meetings with the Chinese Government, British Ministers, Jonathan Powell and other officials in which they have discussed the now collapsed spy case?
Has China at any point requested that the case be dropped, and will she now apologise for backing the embassy application?
The shadow Foreign Secretary has perhaps forgotten the position that her Government have previously taken towards China on a range of issues.
We have made it clear that the planning process in the UK is independent and has to involve the normal planning processes, as is appropriate.
We also ensure that security measures are always taken immensely seriously, and we have a range of different ways of doing so.
As for the China case to which the right hon.
Lady has referred, I remain extremely frustrated about the collapse of that case, and my view remains that the kind of activity that was alleged should face the full force of the law.
That is why I supported the strengthening and  updating of the law in this area, to make prosecutions easier, and it is a shame that the right hon.
Lady’s party took so long to do it.
What progress she has made on implementing the UK-EU agreement on Gibraltar.
It was fantastic to visit Gibraltar recently for its national day, and also to meet my European Union and Spanish counterparts.
The agreement reached between the UK and the EU in June was welcome and significant: it will mean jobs, investment and stability, not just for Gibraltar but for the whole region.
All parties have agreed to work together to finalise the treaty text and ratify the agreement as quickly as possible, and I will update the House in due course Like the Minister, I had the pleasure of being in Gibraltar in the summer at the invitation of the Government, and I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I saw for myself the vital necessity of this deal to secure the economy and the social fabric of Gibraltar and, in particular, the movement of 15,000 people across the Spain-Gibraltar frontier every day.
Can the Minister commit himself to bringing the treaty to the House at the first possible opportunity, so that the details can be given the fullest possible scrutiny?
Absolutely.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the challenges that have existed at the border.
I have been stuck in those queues, Mr Speaker, and you may have been as well.
This deal will mean an end to that, and a new, positive relationship.
Indeed, much will be positive for the economy and for all the people of Gibraltar.
We will bring the treaty to the House as soon as possible—as soon as it is finalised—and it will go through the normal processes.
Parliament will, of course, be able to debate its terms if it wishes to do so.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
It was an honour to welcome Gibraltar’s First Minister to last week’s annual general meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on Gibraltar.
As a cross-party group, we wholeheartedly welcome the treaty, but can the Minister assure me that it will produce economic benefits for Gibraltarians and an increase in the prospects for tourism?
I absolutely can assure my hon.
Friend.
I thank her and the whole APPG for their work, cross-party, in support of Gibraltar.
I know, of course, that this deal is firmly backed by the Chief Minister of Gibraltar and his Government and will bring important benefits for the economy, jobs and people of Gibraltar.
As she mentions tourism, we might now see more flights coming into Gibraltar airport from elsewhere in Europe, which will be very positive for Gibraltar and the region.
What steps she is taking to promote a Palestinian state.
The UK’s commitment to a two-state solution remains steadfast.
The UK has provided £116 million of aid to the Palestinian people this year.
I was proud that, on  21 September , the Prime Minister announced the UK’s recognition of the state of Palestine.
That was to protect the viability of the two-state solution and support a path towards lasting peace.
Meanwhile, the UK Government are continuing to provide technical and financial support to the Palestinian Authority as they build a viable and effective state of Palestine.
In July, we announced £7 million in technical support to strengthen governance, accountability and civic space in Palestine.
I and the Foreign Secretary remain in touch with our Palestinian counterparts.
Slow as it was, that is welcome indeed, but will the Government go beyond suspending new trade deals and actively review existing trade deals with Israel, including both goods and services originating from the illegal settlements, to ensure that UK trade policy does not undermine the prospect of Palestinian statehood?
The Foreign Secretary has already been clear about the importance of a single, effective Palestinian state, which of course includes the west bank.
The hon.
Member has heard from me on a number of occasions about the different trading standards for both Israel itself and the occupied territories.
We of course keep these questions under close review, but the whole House will appreciate that our focus now needs to be on ensuring that the ceasefire holds as we move into the 20-point plan and towards the two-state solution that we all want to see.
We all welcome a ceasefire and the recognition of a Palestinian state, but we must now support the Palestinian people.
The head of the United Nations humanitarian affairs team has said that driving through Gaza City is like “going through the ruins of Hiroshima”.
The people of Gaza who have endured this hellish war and survived now face a humanitarian disaster.
They urgently need aid, and the UK, along with many other countries, stands ready to provide it.
The block to this aid, as so frequently has been the case, is the Israeli authorities.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that Israel stops blocking this urgently needed aid and humanitarian supplies, and to get them to the people who are desperately in need?
I want to update the House on this very important question.
We are seeing a greater flow of aid into Gaza.
That is, of course, supremely welcome, and something that we have long awaited, but it is not yet at the level we would wish to see.
There are still restrictions on that aid going in, and, as the Foreign Secretary has been clear on, vital crossings remain unopened.
We continue to engage with all our partners on this, and I and the Foreign Secretary will be travelling to the region this weekend to pursue that work.
What assessment she has made of recent trends in the level of human rights violations in Hong Kong.
The continued erosion of democratic rights and freedoms in Hong Kong is deeply concerning.
Last week, the Foreign Secretary submitted to this House the Government’s latest six-monthly report on Hong Kong, which details how national security legislation is diminishing Hong Kong’s political autonomy.
The Government will continue to champion the rights and freedoms of the people of Hong Kong.
A constituent of mine, who now lives in Haywards Heath, came to the UK from Hong Kong under the British national overseas visa route after the deterioration of human rights there left her and her daughter with no choice but to seek safety.
She is now deeply anxious about reports that the qualifying period for settlement and citizenship may be extended.
I think the whole House can agree that the human rights violations in Hong Kong are abhorrent, so what representations has the Minister made to her Chinese counterparts, and can she explain how she will protect BNO visa holders who have made their home in the UK?
Indeed, we agree that any attempts by foreign Governments to coerce, intimidate, harass or harm their critics or others abroad, especially in the UK, will not be tolerated.
The Government are also strengthening efforts to tackle transnational repression, including through the introduction of dedicated police training and online guidance to support victims.
Indeed, we are committed to the people of Hong Kong, as exemplified by the BNO visa route.
It is our historical and moral commitment, and the hon.
Lady will be aware, in relation to the changes in the immigration White Paper, that the Government will bring forth more details about the consultation and work in due course.
Two pro-democracy parties in Hong Kong have disbanded recently, activist Joshua Wong was rearrested and faces further charges under the national security law, and Jimmy Lai remains in prison.
Does the Minister agree that the national security law continues to be used to erode the rights and freedoms of Hongkongers, and can she confirm that the UK continues to strongly oppose it?
I can absolutely confirm that we continue to oppose the national security law.
As outlined in the report that the Foreign Secretary presented to Parliament last week, the Hong Kong authorities continue to apply national security legislation to diminish the city’s political autonomy and political pluralism, including freedom of association, freedom of assembly and freedom of information.
Indeed, Hong Kong now ranks 140th out of 180 in the 2025 world press freedom index—entering the red zone for the first time.
This is indeed a very serious situation.
What diplomatic steps her Department is taking with international partners to help tackle organised immigration crime.
We know that people-smuggling gangs work across borders to operate their vile trade, so we too must work across borders to disrupt their supply chains, dismantle their networks and undermine their business model.
That is why we are strengthening co-operation with other countries, including through our illegal migration sanctions regime—the first of its kind in the world—and we are targeting the leaders of people-smuggling gangs wherever they are based.