In the United States, President Trump continues to use his public power to advance his private financial interests.
In the UK, as well as rooting out traitors like Nathan Gill, who take funds from our enemies, we must prevent this corrosive cronyism from entering our politics.
I wrote yesterday to the new Ethics and Integrity Commission, calling on it to investigate whether Department for Culture, Media and Sport officials lobbied for Trump’s golf courses.
I intend to bring a Bill to this place that would create enhanced protections against UK Ministers and officials lobbying for foreign powers.
Will the Secretary of State commit to supporting the principle of the Bill?
Not having seen the hon.
Member’s proposals, I will not comment on them at this stage, but we take all evidence of foreign interference in this country very seriously.
I work closely with Ministers across Government, including the Home Office and the Security Minister, to keep these issues under regular assessment.
I declare an interest as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on the Kurdistan region in Iraq, and as I led a delegation there.
The 2005 federal Iraqi constitution agreed in a popular vote to underpin Kurdish rights.
We were told that Baghdad deliberately withholds salary payments to public employees in the region.
The Foreign Secretary visited Erbil when she was Home Secretary, and knows how important this part of Iraq is to our security.
Does she agree that we need our Kurdish ally to be strong and respected in a federal Iraq, and that a better relationship there would enable vital reform, for the benefit of that region and, indeed, our own country?
The relationship between Baghdad, Erbil and Sulaymaniyah is of vital importance.
I continue to discuss these issues with the Iraqi Foreign Minister,  and Iraqi Kurdish politicians as well.
We will continue to do so, and I look forward to visiting the region shortly.
The UN Secretary General has warned that it is now inevitable that we will fail to keep global warming under 1.5°C, with the threat of devastating consequences, like the loss of the Amazon rainforest and its role in climate regulation.
While the Conservatives and Reform continue to sabotage climate action, it is good to know that the Prime Minister will be going to COP30, but will the Foreign Secretary commit to making no further cuts to our international aid budget, so that we can contribute to the Tropical Forest Forever Facility fund?
The hon.
Member is a passionate advocate on these issues; we debated them just the other day in Westminster Hall.
The UK remains committed to providing international climate finance, now and in the future, and to playing our part, alongside other developed countries and climate finance providers.
We are committed to delivering £11.6 billion in international climate finance by the end of 2025-26.
Friday was World Polio Day.
My constituent Anne Strike, a former Paralympian, continues to campaign for the eradication of polio.
What reassurances can the Minister give me that the UK will continue to be a leading player in that aim?
My hon.
Friend is a long-standing advocate of polio eradication.
The UK is a long-time supporter of the initiative and we have confirmed a £1.25 billion pledge to Gavi for 2026-30.
Other spending, including on the Global Polio Eradication Initiative, is being reviewed as part of the spending review and the official development assistance allocation process, which will be decided in due course.
As we speak, the Chagossians are in the High Court to try to stop the terrible Chagos surrender deal.
Given this Government’s passion for international human rights, and that we all agree how badly the Chagossians have been treated, will the Government finally agree to grant them a referendum on this dreadful deal?
I am not going to comment on legal proceedings, but the hon.
Gentleman knows full well that this had to be a treaty negotiated between the UK and Mauritius—that is the basis on which it is done.
We absolutely recognise the historic wrongs done to the Chagossian people.
I have engaged with Chagossian communities on a number of occasions and will continue to do so through our new contact group.