Members might not be aware that the FCDO has given notice to the Insolvency Service that 1,885 jobs are at risk due to the 25% reduction in the workforce that follows the ODA cuts.
This is a massive drop in staff numbers and it is bound to have a real impact, particularly on smaller departments such as conflict prevention.
Will the Foreign Secretary please comment, being new in post, on how this will impact on her ability to shape the Department as she wants?
The forward plan for the Department is still not finalised.
How can she operate without the staff to do so?
My hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee will know that the Government have taken the difficult decision to reduce the aid budget in order to fund the defence resources that we need at a  time when there are significant security pressures.
She will also know that we are working to find different ways, including private finance and new investment, to maintain not just the multilateral investment that is so important but crucial aid programmes in areas such as Sudan and Gaza.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these details further and— Order.
I need the Foreign Secretary to help me here.
Members are desperate to get their questions in, and the only way I can get them in is by speeding up.
We have to get on with the Opposition day at some point.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
When I was in Ukraine last month I met senior Ukrainian figures, all of whom told me the same thing: they need more support from Europe to win this war.
With that in mind, will the Foreign Secretary finally commit to seizing the £25 billion-worth of frozen Russian assets held in the UK and deploying them to Ukraine in its hour of need?
I absolutely agree that we need to get Ukraine every support that it needs.
Our support is iron-clad, which is why we hosted the coalition of the willing on Thursday.
Members will have heard the Foreign Secretary say that we are working closely with partners to ensure that Russia pays for the damage it has caused, and we will find the lawful and most effective ways to do that.
Karim Ennarah is an internationally recognised human rights activist who has been subjected to a travel ban by Egypt and has been stuck there since 2020.
What is the Foreign Office doing—or what can it do—to ensure that he is able to come to the UK to join his wife in my constituency?
I am familiar with the case and have met the man in question and my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
I am travelling to Egypt this weekend and will continue to be in these sorts of discussions.
Cuts to spending in Afghanistan inevitably impact women and children disproportionately.
They are more likely to be employed by NGOs forced to make cuts and more likely to need assistance.
Does the Minister agree that we need to ringfence and protect funding to Afghanistan?
We have to be clear about who is driving the oppression of Afghan women and girls.
The Taliban have put further restrictions on women and girls.
They have taken further steps, including restricting the internet, that undermine the viability of Afghanistan’s economy at a fundamental level.
But I assure the House that we continue to allocate significant funding to Afghanistan, with £151 million this year.
That is a small decrease from last year, but I assure the hon.
Member, who I know remains committed to these issues, that we remain very much focused on them.
The British public are under no illusions about the level of resources needed for humanitarian aid in Gaza and the rebuild of Gaza, and they want to play their part.
Have the Government considered aid-matching each £1 of public contribution with £1 of Government money to increase the proportion of British aid and rebuilding that can happen in Gaza?
We are looking at different ways to ensure that we can get sufficient resources into Gaza—that will require not just immediate humanitarian assistance but long-term reconstruction aid—and we are continuing to work with our allies and here in the UK on doing so.
Last week I met Nada, an Oxford plastic surgeon who told me horrific stories of the children she has been treating in Gaza.
I believe that the Secretary of State has met her, too.
The most concerning thing is that if these wounds do not have care, they will lead to life-changing disabilities.
Medics are calling for a humanitarian corridor between Gaza and the west bank so that those Palestinian children can stay in Palestine.
What discussions has she had on the matter?
I have met the doctor to whom the hon.
Member referred.
Her work is inspiring, and she deals with the most terrible stories of suffering.
We agree that we need to be able to get humanitarian corridors in place and to treat children, especially in the region, but, as the hon.
Member will know, we are also medevacing children to the UK for treatment.
Last month, ahead of the UN General Assembly, I had the honour of welcoming Vlad, Valeriia and Roman: three young children who were injured and abducted by Russia during Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.
I thank you, Mr. Speaker, and my hon.
Friend the Minister for taking time out of your busy days to meet those children and to hear at first hand the horrors they have been through, as well as their inspiring stories.
Will the Minister update the House on what discussions were held at the UN General Assembly on the unlawful deportation of Ukrainian children?
What further support is being provided to Ukraine to aid their recovery?
It genuinely was an honour to meet the three young people my hon.
Friend mentioned.
As she said, not only were their stories shocking, but they were inspiring in their courage.
I assure her that we continue to use every forum, including the United Nations, and all our discussions with partners and allies.
I particularly commend the First Lady’s initiatives on this issue.
We want to see those young people returned—it is one of the most heinous aspects of Russia’s illegal and barbarous war in Ukraine.
The British Council is in dire financial straits.
If it disappears, so will the invaluable soft power that it wields.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit to meeting the chief executive of the British Council to discuss that as soon as possible?
The British Council plays a crucial role in supporting UK interests around the world, including helping people to learn English and promote the arts and culture.
The Foreign Office is providing £160 million  in grant aid to the council this year, which underlines our support.
I have already met the vice-chair and the deputy chief executive, and I will meet the chief executive and the chair in due course.
Mr Yaxley-Lennon, aka T. Robinson, has been fêted in Israel at the invitation of a Government Minister, while the hon.
Member for Bury St Edmunds and Stowmarket, aka Dr Peter Prinsley—a British Jew, a member of the Board of Deputies and a vocal supporter of the Israeli people in Parliament—has been banned.
What does the Minister think can be usefully done to rectify that?
My hon.
Friend is an incredibly thoughtful, long-standing commentator on these issues.
Both he and his family have made a great contribution to UK-Israeli relations.
It was an act of great foolishness to prevent him from entering Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We called on the Israeli Government at the time, as we did in previous such instances.
We cannot prevent the Israeli Government from making decisions that are not in their interests, but that was clearly one of them.
The Government’s position seems to be that communist China can and does pose a wide range of serious threats to the United Kingdom but is not a threat itself.
How can that possibly make sense?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard me set out very clearly the threats that China poses to our national security, including those of transnational repression, support for Russia and espionage.
He will know that range of threats and that is why it is deeply frustrating that the prosecution has not taken place.
He will also know that China is a trading partner and that we continue to have strong economic relations.
It is possible for both those things to be true.
Despite a ceasefire being in place for almost a year, Israeli forces struck UN peacekeepers in southern Lebanon just this weekend.
What work are the Government doing with the Lebanese Government and in particular the Lebanese armed forces to shore up our crucial ally in the region?
Lebanon is a crucial ally.
I will travel there shortly and intend to go to the area affected.
It is vital that Lebanon’s borders, in both the east and the south, are secure.
That is vital for their security, as well as for ours.
British national Jimmy Lai is currently in solitary confinement in a prison in Hong Kong.
He has been there for five years.
He is 78 years of age, he is in ill health and his trial will come to an end very soon.
Ahead of the Asia-Pacific Economic Co-operation summit, what representations has the Foreign Secretary made to the White House to ensure that when President Trump meets President Xi, the case of Jimmy Lai will be raised, as it has been in the last 36 hours by a cross-party group of 38 US Senators?
We continue to be deeply distressed by this case and continue to make representations, discuss the case with the US and stay in contact with Jimmy Lai’s family.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like to apologise for not taking the direction of the Chair yesterday.
First, I thank the hon.
Member for her point of order and for her apology.
I would add that should any Member need any advice on the rules and conventions of the House, the Clerks are always available to assist.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
And not to apologise on this occasion—yet.
There is still time.
I will give it a minute!
At business questions last week, I put it to the Leader of the House that he should afford time for my early-day motion in respect of Prince Andrew to be heard.
He intimated that options are always available to Members to pursue that, so in due course I wrote to the Prime Minister, seeking clarity that we would get that opportunity.
Since then, there have been further revelations with regard to Prince Andrew hosting not just Harvey Weinstein but the notorious paedophile Jeffrey Epstein at the Royal Lodge in Windsor.
There have been suggestions that this House and this Parliament can take action on his succession and his place in line to the throne, and that we may well end up compensating Prince Andrew, should he move out of the Royal Lodge.
May I have guidance from you, Mr Speaker, as to how I solicit an early response from the Prime Minister to my correspondence?
We nearly did have an apology.
May I first say thank you to the right hon.
Member for giving notice of his point of order?
As I know he is aware, I made a statement on Thursday last week at the start of business that provided some clarification on ways in which this House can properly consider the matter.
In raising this point of order, the right hon.
Member has placed on record his letter to the Prime Minister and the early-day motion tabled in his name.
The scheduling of time for debates is not a matter for the Chair.
I know that the right hon.
Member will continue to seek ways in which to pursue the issue and he has already reminded the Treasury Bench of what he wishes.
I will leave it there.
I inform the House that I have not selected the amendment.
I call the shadow Chancellor to move the motion.
I beg to move, That this House calls on the Government to reduce public expenditure to fund the abolition of stamp duty land tax on primary residences purchased by UK residents, in order to get Britain working, to grow the economy and to give people a stronger stake in their communities through the security of home ownership.
There comes a time in the careers of some in this House when they stand too close to the edge, when they play with fire and when they fly too close to the sun.
To continue that astronomical metaphor, we have a Chancellor who has truly thrown herself headlong into a colossal black hole entirely of her making.
The Chancellor has trashed our economy and she will blame anybody but herself: the Office for Budget Responsibility, the legacy, the Conservative party, Donald Trump, Brexit—whatever it is, as long as it is not herself.
However, we on the Conservative Benches know the clear truth.
We know exactly what has happened to our economy.
We know that we have a Government who, when they were in opposition, said that there was no way they would be putting up taxes left, right and centre, yet within 18 short months had done precisely that, layering up taxes on businesses and destroying growth at the same time as talking down our economy.
Then there was the fictitious £22 billion black hole which, ironically, was debunked as not legitimised by the OBR at the behest of the Labour party itself.
We know that Labour has borrowed colossal amounts of money and is due to spend around half a trillion pounds more than the plans it inherited.
What has been the consequence of that?
It has been elevated inflation.
We now have the highest inflation in the G7, and the International Monetary Fund tells us that next year we will once again have the highest inflation in the G7.
The consequences of that, through monetary policy, are that interest rates will be higher for longer, bearing down on those who have mortgages and on businesses who wish to borrow.
Critically, when it comes to our burgeoning national debt, which is soaring under this Government, the costs of servicing that debt are now running at £100 billion a year, rising to £130 billion across this Parliament.
That is twice what we spend on defence.
Indeed, if the servicing of our debt were a Department of Government, it would be the third largest in Whitehall.
None of that money is going on public services.
It is simply going to pay off the creditors who are owed money as a consequence of the profligacy of the Labour party.
Would the right hon.
Gentleman agree that Liz Truss’s disastrous mini-Budget impacted on working families up and down this country, resulting in the astronomical mortgage interest rates that they are still struggling to fund?
We will take no lessons from the Labour party when it comes to the mismanagement of our economy.
What I have just set out has led to a Chancellor who had a Budget in October last year in which she blew all the headroom and more, rebuilt it in the spring and is now, as we all know, heading into the Budget on  26 November  with a gaping black hole that she will have to fill.
That is due to economic incompetence and it is causing huge uncertainty.
I speak to businesses up and down the country.
None of them know what to expect.
They are all fearful about the tax rises that are yet to come, and that is down to this Chancellor.
The consequence is that we have the highest level of unemployment in four years.
We know that every other Labour Government in history have left office with unemployment higher than that it was when they came into office.
In the retail, hospitality and leisure sector alone, 90,000 jobs have been destroyed under this Government.
Young people are bearing the brunt of these policies.
Under the Conservatives, youth unemployment fell by around 45%.
Under the last Labour Government, it rose by around the same amount, and this Government are on course to do that too.
Young people are particularly affected, because the national insurance changes involve not just an increase in the rate but a reduction in the threshold.
That affects young people who are desperate to get their first job and their foot on the career ladder the most.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, even in such a short period of time, this Government are showing that it is they who cannot be trusted with the economy and the future of this country?
Is it not time they woke up to the reality?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We see that in inflation, which is running at about twice the Bank of England’s target and about twice the rate that this Government inherited from us on the day of the general election.
Within that, we see food inflation rocketing up at over 4%, damaging and impoverishing the very people that Labour claims to want to stand up for.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we also see hypocrisy?
An example would be Cabinet Ministers who say “Build, baby, build” while at the same time writing letters to the Mayor of London trying to block homes in their constituency.
As usual, my right hon.
Friend makes a characteristically poignant point.
There is another act of damage that this Government have created: some of the most successful high net worth wealth creators in our country have simply gone; they have left.
It is estimated that 16,000 have gone over the time that this Government have been in office.
Socialists will say, “Who cares?
Good riddance!”
, but they should dwell on the fact that the tax paid by those 16,000 people is probably equivalent to between a third of a million and half a million people on average earnings.
Hard-working people up and down our country are paying the price of Labour’s policies.
There are choices; it does not have to be like this.
We can reduce taxes if we get on top of and control Government spending.
At my party’s conference, we set out £47 billion-worth of savings across Government, including £23 billion in savings across the welfare budget.
What did the Government do when they tried to tackle the welfare budget?
They showed us that this is a Dad’s Army of a Government with a Captain Mainwaring of a Chancellor.
They are no match even for the rabble behind them.
We know that we need to have responsible tax cuts.
That means that they need to be funded and they need to lean into growth.
That is why we have announced that, were we in government, we would be abolishing stamp duty on primary residences.
It is one of the worst taxes in our tax system.
The OBR states that a 1% increase in stamp duty would lead to a decrease of between 5% and 7% in the number of transactions, yet on this Government’s watch, the stamp duty due on a home valued at £300,000 will have doubled during their time in office.
The shadow Chancellor is making a powerful speech.
Is he aware that recently in the Treasury Committee we were given evidence by a range of tax specialists, all of whom endorsed abolishing stamp duty?
Yes, and I thank my hon.
Friend for the excellent work that she has been doing on the Committee, particularly when she chaired it in the last Parliament.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this Government are not only taxing young people’s jobs but taxing their chances of owning a home through the increase in stamp duty and the rumoured increase on the capital gains on principal private residences?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The reasons that we need to abolish this tax include the fact that it stands in the way of younger people getting on to the housing ladder.
To use the words of Paul Johnson, it “gums up” the entire system of house purchasing in our country.
He said: “It may look like a tax on wealthy people who move house but it also acts to reduce effective supply for everyone.”
That includes first-time buyers.
My right hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Does he agree that stamp duty also gums up mobility, so that people are unable to move, and if they lose their job under this Labour Government it will be more expensive for them to move to another house?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The tax does precisely that.
It stops people moving to where the work is, to get better jobs and further themselves.
Who wants to move to one place and pay stamp duty, and then move to another to pay more stamp duty?
It does not add up.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware of the study by Jackson-Stops, which looked at people aged 55 and over to see how much abolishing stamp duty would help to move the market along?
The study estimated that in the first year,  abolishing the tax would allow 500,000 people to downsize to free up homes for families, and in the second year, 1.4 million.
Stamp duty is a real blocker.
Does he agree that that study shows the power of this policy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The tax is a blocker on the aspirations of those who are growing their families and simply want to find a home with more bedrooms.
Often, they cannot find those homes because empty nesters—those whose children have left home—are not prepared to face the huge, eyewatering stamp duty involved.
Is not the reality that people cannot find homes in England because his Government failed to build them while in power?
We built 2.8 million homes since 2010, and a million in the last Parliament.
It remains to be seen how many homes this Government will build.
Another huge advantage of abolishing stamp duty is that it will generate more transactions, which will benefit more plumbers, electricians, builders, designers, estate agents, surveyors and conveyancers, and allow local economies to thrive.
Above all, it will increase the effective supply of housing, and that means a fairer society and a stronger economy.
The shadow Chancellor talks about the huge advantages of his proposal.
Is he aware that someone who owns a home worth £2 million would benefit to the tune of £150,000?
This is a tax cut for millionaires.
Is that what he wants?
I have already apprised the hon.
Gentleman of the fact that on his party’s watch, 16,000 high-net-worth people have left the country, to the huge detriment of our economy.
We cannot tax our way to growth.
We have to abolish this tax across the piece, and that is recognised by think-tanks across the political spectrum.
Indeed, the Institute of Economic Affairs says: “Abolishing stamp duty is the single best reform any government could make to Britain’s tax system.”
The Resolution Foundation, which may be more to Labour Members’ taste, says of stamp duty that it is “one of the most economically harmful ways of raising revenue”.
That is a simple fact.
Does my right hon.
Friend the shadow Chancellor accept that the housing market is virtually stagnant?
It is moribund.
The houses and flats that we want in this country are not being built, and one of the barriers is that the cost of stamp duty is so high that individuals do not want to pay it.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I have already set out the estimate from the OBR that a 1% increase in stamp duty means a 5% to 7% reduction in transactions.
It is a horrendous and terrible tax, and it remains to be seen whether Labour Members choose to defend it.
The hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Andrew Lewin)  talked about millionaires getting a tax cut, but we are talking about young families getting on the ladder.
Does my right hon.
Friend the shadow Chancellor agree that while Labour Members engage in the politics of envy, we will always engage in the politics of hope?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As Paul Johnson, formerly of the Institute for Fiscal Studies—I quoted him earlier—says, this tax “also acts to reduce effective supply for everyone” right across every age and every section of the income scale.
If only the Parliamentary Secretary to the Treasury,  the hon.
Member for Swansea West (Torsten Bell) —I see he is not in his place—who is a former director of the Resolution Foundation, could show some backbone and at least agree with his former self and the quote that I read out from the Resolution Foundation.
The facts are clear: the Government should support this motion today if they believe in growth, a fairer society and a stronger economy.
As we approach the Budget, through a period of great uncertainty, the Chancellor faces a clear choice—a choice between still higher taxes, and controlling spending and getting taxes down; between continued anaemic growth and getting the size of the Government under control; between destroying jobs, and getting people off benefits and into work; and between doing the right thing for our country and simply ducking the challenge.
The Opposition know what must be done, even at this late stage, to save our economy.
Perhaps even the Chancellor herself knows, deep in her heart, that we are right.
Yet is it not the truth that faced with the serried ranks of obstinate delusion arrayed behind her, she is just too weak to act?
No plan, no backbone—no wonder that under this Government we are staring into the abyss.