Notwithstanding those limitations on what I, and indeed any Minister, can say, I will seek to address some of the ideas that the Opposition have tried to raise with this motion.
First, let us be honest: stamp duty is hardly a popular tax.
Moving house and buying a home is a complex and often stressful process, and stamp duty must be paid at a point when most people probably feel  they have enough to worry about already.
If there was a cost-free way to get rid of stamp duty, I would not expect long queues of people lining up to keep it.
But there is, of course, no cost-free way of doing so.
Figures show that the tax raised £13.9 billion in 2024-25.
At this Government’s first Budget, we made changes to stamp duty to help to give first-time buyers, and other people who are buying a home to live in, an advantage over those who are buying second, third or further homes.
If an Opposition party proposes getting rid of a tax that raises nearly £14 billion a year, it needs a plan for doing so.
Being a credible Opposition means proposing things that could actually work.
Frankly, the motion exposes the current Conservative party’s total lack of seriousness, and its complete failure to learn any of the lessons of its time in office.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury indicated that if there was a plan to fund the proposal, he would back it.
The shadow Chancellor has clearly set out that we do have a plan to fund it, so will the Chief Secretary back it?
The right hon.
Lady is attempting to bring some humour to the Chamber by pretending that the Opposition have some kind of a plan for their proposal.
To call their motion half-baked would be not to go far enough.
In fact, it shows the recklessness in their approach to the economy.
It may be Halloween on Friday, but the ghost of Liz Truss is here today, because the economic recklessness that the former Prime Minister embodied is back in front of us in this Chamber.
We have a half-baked motion from the Opposition, built on the wholly unworkable premise of more unfunded tax cuts.
Three years on from their disastrous mini-Budget, they have learned precisely nothing.
rose— I will be interested to hear the right hon.
Gentleman’s link.
I will be interested to hear what the Minister intends to do to un-gum the housing market.
I think he will accept that it is an important part of our economy and he says that he is very keen on growth, so what will he do to un-gum it?
And what does he say to those legions of tradespeople—electricians, plumbers and kitchen fitters—who are all looking to the Government to provide them with some relief in the months ahead?
I would say to everyone who works in building homes that Labour is the party that is getting on with building: we are making changes to the planning system to get those homes build.
Despite his attempt to make a link to my previous comment, I notice that the right hon.
Gentleman did not address that fact that this motion is entirely half-baked.
It is a genuine shame for British politics that we have an Opposition who think that they can put forward a motion like this for serious debate in the House of Commons.
To be fair, the Conservative party is steeped in centuries of being in Opposition and in Government, but it has become deeply unserious by putting forward motions such as the one today.
The motion simply says that the  Conservatives’ plan to abolish stamp duty is “to reduce public expenditure”; that it is—that is the sum of their plan.