I recently met senior journalists who have been exiled from Russia, following Putin’s clampdown on any form of free, trustworthy media.
Despite the huge challenges, they are still providing vital, accurate reporting for all those in the region who need it most.
Will the Minister commit to sustainable funding guarantees for our soft power, and continue to support these courageous journalists, who are forced to move countries, and are often threatened by rogue states?
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the work of the BBC World Service, and we are working with the BBC.
I am shortly due to visit Broadcasting House to see at first hand the work it is doing, particularly its innovative work to deliver and develop its funding programmes, which will form part of the charter review.
In response to Russian interference in the media around the world, I echo my hon.
Friend’s support for the journalists who work in the World Service, who do so much to expose what is happening globally, particularly around conflict.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What diplomatic steps she is taking to help ensure that humanitarian aid can reach people in Gaza.
Alongside our international partners, the UK is working to get aid into Gaza on the scale needed to ease the desperate humanitarian crisis that is taking place.
In recent days, the Foreign Secretary has spoken with Tom Fletcher of the United Nations, Egyptian Foreign Minister Abdelatty and Israeli Foreign Minister  Sa’ar about the importance of opening more crossings and removing all restrictions on aid.
We are ready to play our full part in providing that aid.
We have announced £74 million of humanitarian funding already this year, including the £20 million announced at the peace summit in Egypt.
I fully support the Minister in welcoming the US-brokered ceasefire, which has enabled the delivery of much-needed humanitarian aid into Gaza.
As the Minister is aware, the UN and its partners have significantly scaled up their operations providing essential supplies, such as food, water, medical aid and fuel.
However, given that border closures and ongoing political tensions continue to obstruct the flow of assistance, what steps are the Government taking to ensure unimpeded humanitarian access, and to prevent aid being used as a tool of political leverage?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Following the US-led ceasefire agreement and the UN’s work, more trucks are starting to cross the border, but that needs to be scaled up much more rapidly, and we need the Rafah crossing fully opened, alongside other aid routes.
We need international non-governmental organisations in, and able to operate in Gaza unimpeded.
Civilians in Gaza cannot wait.
The Norwegian Refugee Council says that, between 10 and  21 October , 99 requests by international NGOs to deliver aid to Gaza were rejected by Israel on the grounds that the organisations were “not authorised” to deliver humanitarian aid to Gaza, yet these trusted agencies have operated there for decades.
Can the Minister tell the people of Gaza who are living in makeshift shelters, and who are hungry and thirsty, what the UK Government are actually doing to compel the Israeli authorities to immediately allow aid deliveries into Gaza?
We need to see the agreement implemented in full.
The Foreign Secretary has raised this particular case with the Foreign Minister of Israel.
We will continue to press for the full flow of aid that needs to go in.
The hon.
Member rightly asked me what I say to the people of Gaza.
I say that we understand the urgency, and that the aid needs to be in there now.
We will continue to press those points on the phone, and when we both go to the region this weekend.
How much and what proportion of the funding due to be allocated to Mauritius as part of the agreement concerning the Chagos archipelago will come from her Department’s budget.
We have secured a deal that will protect the operation of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
The payments made under the deal will be split between the Foreign Office and the Ministry of Defence, and published in the annual accounts of each Department.
In what proportion?
As I have said, that will be published in the annual accounts of each Department.