My hon.
Friend will know that we do not comment on future sanctions designations, but we are, as the Foreign Secretary said, absolutely committed to choking off Russia’s war machine and bringing Putin to the table.
That is why our sanctions alongside others have denied Russia access to at least £450 billion since February 2022, which would have funded two more years of this illegal and barbarous war.
We will not hesitate to act where we can and we will work with others in that endeavour.
On Saturday, I joined CAFOD and my constituents Karl, Harry and Jo on a deadlift challenge.
We—and yes, Mr Speaker, that includes me—collectively lifted more than 100 tonnes, the equivalent of five aid planes to Gaza.
CAFOD also works in the west bank, where Palestinians are being treated as second-class citizens living under military, not civil, law.
What diplomatic actions is the Department taking to ensure an end to violence against Palestinians and to improve their rights while a two-state solution is negotiated?
The initiatives that the hon.
Member took with CAFOD rightly highlight the importance of rubble movement in Gaza, which is an enormous logistical challenge.
That was one of the reasons I convened the Gaza reconstruction conference in Wilton Park.
She rightly raises the very important question of rights in the west bank.
We have contributed and will continue to contribute to efforts locally to ensure that those resident in the west bank can exercise their rights, and we will continue to raise the wider issues around annexation.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware that Hurricane Melissa is of huge concern internationally, to those who have friends and family on holiday in Jamaica and to those of us of Jamaican heritage here in Britain.
Will she give an assurance that in the horrific aftermath of Melissa, we will give every possible help and support to the people of Jamaica?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend the Mother of the House.
There are 50,000 dual nationals who live in Jamaica and up to 8,000 British citizens who may be travelling or on holiday there.
We have very strong links between our communities—between the people of Jamaica and the people of Britain.
That is why I spoke to the Jamaican Foreign Minister yesterday to offer our solidarity and support.
I can tell my right hon.
Friend that we have not just the rapid deployment of consular staff, but humanitarian staff being pre-positioned in the Caribbean.
We discussed this matter in the crisis centre this morning, including what we might be able to deploy on request from the Jamaican Government.
We stand ready to help and respond.
Can the Foreign Secretary help with the context of the middle east conflict?
I have been endeavouring to establish an independent verifiable number for the rocket attacks into Israel that were carried out in the 12 months before  7 October  and the 12 months after  7 October  to give some context to what has happened since.
Is she able to assist?
It is an important question.
We have condemned rocket attacks into Israel throughout—both before and after  7 October .
The nature of the rockets from Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad makes it harder to have a clear and indisputable number, but I will try to assist the hon.
Gentleman on some of the other rockets.
I believe that Iranian attacks since  7 October  have included 600 rockets, killing 29 Israelis, and that Houthi attacks, which have targeted Israeli civilians, have included 100 ballistic missiles and drones.
I recently met the family of Davinder Singh Thandi, who died in suspicious circumstances in India.
This has obviously been a distressing time for my constituents, and unfortunately they have struggled to get timely advice and support from the Foreign Office.
I thank the Minister for her recent letter, but will she meet me to discuss their case and how the Department can develop a victims code to better support families like Mr Thandi’s?