Tomorrow I am hosting Hong Kong Watch in Parliament as it releases its latest report on the erosion of Hong Kong’s autonomy.
The report highlights how Beijing has increasingly sought to dismantle Hong Kong’s autonomy while exploiting the privileges of Hong Kong’s special status.
This is increasingly having an impact on business operations in Hong Kong, and is something that is well understood by the Government, but has yet to be fully recognised, including in last week’s FCDO six-monthly report.
Will the UK consider additional steps to push back against these violations of China’s international treaty obligations— Order.
Can you help me to help everybody else to get in?
In topicals, we have to be short and punchy.
We strongly condemn China’s non-compliance with the joint declaration, as described in the latest published six-monthly report, which details the continued deterioration of rights and freedoms in Hong Kong.
We have continually pressed China to uphold the rights of Hongkongers; its non-compliance is one of the reasons we remain steadfastly committed to the British national overseas visa route.
Shadow Foreign Secretary, Dame Priti Patel.
Hayat Tahrir al-Sham traces its roots back to the barbaric terrorism of al-Qaeda, which caused death and destruction, and harm to our allies.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain to the House why her Government have de-proscribed HTS, and does she believe that it is no longer a terrorist threat to the world?
Both of us know from our former role as Home Secretary that the proscription process is very detailed and considered, and it draws on a range of security expertise.
That process no longer assesses HTS to be an alias of al-Qaeda, after extensive consideration and a full assessment of the available information.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, that was the grounds on which it was proscribed.
We will ultimately, however, judge them on their actions, not their words, but the new Syrian Government have conveyed their strong commitment to working with the UK.
Does the Foreign Secretary believe that this decision will lead to the destruction of all chemical weapons in Syria?
She said that HTS will be judged on its actions.
Will she look at putting conditions in place if it does not step up its actions, in the same way that America has done, with the sanctions that were lifted?