The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions she has had with her counterpart in the United Arab Emirates on the situation in Sudan.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in marking the 75th anniversary of the rebuilding of this Chamber and the tribute to democracy.
I know many people will have concerns for family and friends in Jamaica in the face of Hurricane Melissa, and I will make a further statement on the UK’s response during topical questions.
On Sudan, I strongly condemn the escalating violence in El Fasher and the very grave reports of civilian casualties and suffering.
It is estimated that between 200 and 300 civilians are in the city, at grave risk of atrocities, following the advance of the Rapid Support Forces.
I have held meetings and discussions, including at the UN General Assembly, and since then with a series of countries including the United Arab Emirates and members of the Quad as we call for a desperately needed ceasefire.
It has been widely reported in the press that the United Arab Emirates is arming the RSF in Sudan.
The RSF is one of the two warring factions in  Sudan, and it was found by the UN to be responsible for crimes against humanity including murder, torture, enslavement, rape and sexual violence.
As per UK Government export data, the UK exported nearly £750 million-worth of arms to the UAE via standard individual export licences between 2019 and 2023.
If the UAE is indeed arming the RSF, the UK is breaching its arms export licensing criteria, specifically criteria 1f, 2, 4, 6 and 7.
Importantly, those criteria look beyond considering whether UK-exported weapons ultimately reached Sudan, and they instead consider the UK’s international obligations.
Given this, what steps have the UK Government taken to verify whether the UAE is arming the RSF— Order.
This is a very important subject, and other Members need to come in as well.
These are meant to be questions, rather than statements.
I recognise the importance of this matter, and I am sure you are going to come to the end of your question now.
My apologies, Mr Speaker.
Will the UK cease all arms shipments to the UAE until it is proven that the UAE is not arming the RSF?
Let me make two points in response to the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
First, as he will know, the UK has extremely strong controls on arms exports, including to prevent any diversion.
That remains important, and we will continue to take that immensely seriously.
Secondly, we need all countries with influence in the region to push the RSF and the Sudanese Armed Forces to ensure the protection of civilians.
There are real, deep concerns about atrocities in Sudan, including sexual violence and the use of rape as a weapon of war.
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the new work being done through the Quad countries—the US, Saudi Arabia, the UAE and Egypt—which have condemned the violence and called for an end to external support for the warring parties.
We are pressing for the urgent implementation of that work.
As penholder at the UN Security Council for both Sudan and the protection of civilians, the UK has a special responsibility following the fall of El Fasher and the appalling reports to which the Foreign Secretary referred.
Will she call an emergency session of the Security Council focused on the protection of terrified civilians in Darfur, given recent events?
She talked about the Quad.
That statement was before the appalling events of the last three days.
Will she push every country in the Quad—the US, Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the UAE—to act now to prevent further massacres?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend that Sudan, the escalating violence and the humanitarian crisis must be on the agenda for the Security Council.
We are pressing for that meeting to take place as soon as possible, and to ensure that the protection of civilians is at its heart.
There was already a humanitarian crisis in Sudan, with huge numbers of people at risk of famine even before the escalating violence.
I also agree on the urgent need to press all parties to cease the violence and to ensure that humanitarian aid can get through.
The news overnight from El Fasher in Darfur is truly dreadful, with evidence of summary executions and undoubted ethnic cleansing.
Given the pivotal role that Britain plays, as set out by the former Minister for Development,  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , will the Foreign Secretary urgently review everything that we are doing, in order to prevent El Fasher from becoming another Srebrenica?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the grave nature of this crisis and the seriousness of the violence taking place in El Fasher.
I agree that we need to put on every possible pressure through both the United Nations and directly through the Quad.
We need urgent action to get a ceasefire—the humanitarian truce called for by the Quad—as well as humanitarian aid and the crucial protection of civilians in place.
He will know that the UK doubled aid for Sudan and has continued to protect that, but the aid is unable to get through as long as this terrible fighting is taking place.
As we have heard, about a quarter of a million civilians, including 130,000 children, are trapped in the city of El Fasher, following a brutal siege that has lasted 18 months.
This is a critical moment amidst the world’s greatest humanitarian catastrophe in Sudan.
What can the UK Government do, with our allies, to ensure that we get humanitarian exit routes out of El Fasher for those civilians?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that getting civilian pathways out of the city to safety are urgently needed.
We are urging for a ceasefire to take place.
We need all sides to pull back from this escalating and incredibly dangerous violence.
We are seeing the scale of atrocities at risk of taking place, but the most immediate and urgent thing is to get a safe way out of the city for civilians.
What steps her Department is taking to support the Gaza peace plan.
What steps her Department is taking to support the Gaza peace plan.
What steps she is taking to help secure a just and lasting peace in Gaza.
The ceasefire agreement in Gaza, as a result of President Trump’s peace initiative, is a profound moment of peace and hope, but it needs to hold and to become a lasting peace, after two years of the most horrendous suffering.
Our immediate priority is ensuring that unconditional humanitarian aid is flooded into Gaza, where more action is needed, but we are also working with partners to support the implementation of phase 2 of the peace plan, including the disarming of Hamas, the establishment of a Palestinian committee as transitional government, and a pathway to two states living side by side.
We are grateful to the United States for its co-ordination.
This must not be a temporary peace that fades away.
As the Foreign Secretary says, the ceasefire remains fragile, with both sides accused of violations, and fighting on the occupied west bank continues.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure the House that the UK will continue to play an active role in supporting the peace plan and holding all parties to their commitments?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Given the horrendous suffering that we have seen over the last two years, we need to ensure that the ceasefire holds.
Part of that involves getting the humanitarian aid into Gaza.
We are urging for more crossings to be opened and for restrictions on humanitarian aid to be lifted, and we are working on some of the crucial next steps, in conjunction with the US, Arab states and many other states that have been involved in supporting the ceasefire, including through the disarmament of Hamas and the development of new governance arrangements.
Despite the most welcome peace plan, we have already seen breaches in the form of Israeli air strikes, with the restriction of lifesaving supplies entering Gaza.
What are we doing to ensure that sufficient humanitarian aid can get through to end the famine swiftly, and that the Israeli leadership is held accountable for violations of international law, so that we can finally see an end to the conflict, with no more innocent Palestinian or Israeli lives being lost?
It is important that all sides hold to the ceasefire and implement all the steps committed to as part of President Trump’s 20-point peace plan.
That involves getting the humanitarian aid in place and maintaining the ceasefire.
We are working with the US and other countries to support an effective monitoring arrangement so that there can be a proper process in place to ensure that all sides hold to the ceasefire and keep moving forward.
Over two weeks into the ceasefire in Gaza, Israeli forces are still killing Palestinians.
Many are being shot at as they attempt to return to their homes near a yellow line marked by Israel—a line that Israeli media are increasingly calling a new border.
What will the Government do to ensure that this supposedly temporary yellow line does not become a permanent border and effectively cut Gaza in half?
We have been clear that not only can we not divide Gaza, but that this first phase has to be part of the journey to a two-state solution that includes Gaza, east Jerusalem and the west bank.
That is the only way we will get a just and lasting peace.
Transition arrangements are set out as part of the 20-point plan, but it is really crucial that we not only maintain the original ceasefire agreement—the first phase—but that we keep making progress on the rest of the points in the 20-point plan and the second phase.
Thankfully, the living hostages have been returned to receive medical attention and go back to their families, but, very sadly, the bodies of the deceased hostages have not all been returned.
That is a key element in this ceasefire treaty.
What action is the Foreign Secretary taking to ensure  that Israel is supported—and, if necessary, that the Palestinians are supported—to identify the bodies of the deceased hostages and that those bodies are returned, so that there can be closure for the families?
The hon.
Member makes an immensely important point.
We will all have seen the incredibly moving scenes of hostages returning after the most horrendous captivity, and being returned to their families, but there are those who have lost loved ones—those whose loved ones were taken in that barbaric terrorist attack on  7 October —and are still waiting to have their remains returned.
I have spoken to families whose loved ones were lost and who have had the remains returned, but I know how difficult this is and that people need to be able to grieve and pay tribute to their loved ones.
We are continuing to press for all the hostage remains to be released.
We have also offered support—for example, demining capabilities, where there are concerns about ordnance that might prevent the recovery of remains.
How will the United Kingdom help to ensure that the Gaza peace plan includes measures to restore access to clean and plentiful water?
The main source of fresh water in Gaza is the coastal aquifer, which is contaminated by sea water, sewage and chemicals.
Up to 97% of Gaza’s tap water is unfit for human consumption.
Surely the Foreign Secretary agrees that there can be no just peace amidst thirst and squalor.
The hon.
Member is right to highlight water as a crucial humanitarian aid and support.
I have spoken to Tom Fletcher, who is co-ordinating much of the UN support, and to the Egyptian and Israeli Foreign Ministers about the importance of ensuring that the crossings are open so that water can be provided and critical infrastructure rebuilt.
That will require financing, and my hon.
Friend the Middle East Minister has already been involved in looking at ways in which we can finance reconstruction for the long term.