Mr. CASTRO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Colonel Willard Alvin ``Bill'' Barnes who is turning one hundred five years old on August 30, 2025.
Colonel Barnes was born in Atkinson, Nebraska, on August 30, 1920.
Raised by his maternal grandfather, Ole Torske, he was imbued with an understanding of the power of service, loyalty, and hard work at an early age.
In 1942, Colonel Barnes bravely answered the call to defend our Nation by enlisting in the United States Army shortly after the attack on Pearl Harbor.
He completed his training at Camp Shelby Joint Forces Training Center in Mississippi, where he then became a member of the 85th Infantry, Custer Division.
He was deployed to the North African Theater of Operations during World War II.
Upon the campaign's completion, he and his division traveled to Italy where they fought in three campaigns in the Rome-Arno region, the North Apennines and the Po River Valley.
Following Colonel Barnes' service in World War II, he returned to Nebraska where he enrolled at Creighton University and earned his bachelor's degree and Juris Doctor degree.
Upon graduation in 1952, he began a twenty-eight-year career in the United States Air Force as part Colonel Barnes' time in Judge Advocate General's Corps sent him across the world in service to our country.
Throughout his career, he served domestically in Idaho, Alaska, California, Washington, D.C., Illinois and New Mexico, and internationally in London, Madrid and Seoul.
After nearly four decades of military service, Colonel Barnes retired, but his commitment to service did not end.
He dedicated himself to serving senior citizens, unhoused persons and his church community.
As rich as Colonel Barnes' military career is, so is his familial life.
He was born to his mother Anna Torske Barnes and had two brothers, Olin Barnes and Raymond Barnes.
He married Elaine Spielman Barnes on July 16, 1948, with whom he would spend 72 years of his life.
They had three children, M.J. Barnes, Barbara Barnes and Kari Rugh.
He has three grandchildren, Alex Barnes, Nicholas Barnes and Kalie Kyo, and one great grandchild, Katherine Millie Barnes.