It has recently been announced that the two islands in my constituency, the Isle of Arran and the Isle of Cumbrae, are each to lose their Bank of Scotland branch.
Following hard on the heels of that announcement, Brodick post office on the Isle of Arran is also set for closure.
Will the Leader of the House make a statement setting out her support for these vital resources for the viability of our communities, especially rural and island communities?
Does she agree that it is time to protect, in legislation, these crucial physical services in island and rural communities?
I am sorry to hear about the potential situation that some of the hon.
Lady’s constituents will be in.
She will know that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has made funding available to find solutions to ensure that people have access to banking services or post office services, with those sometimes being run out of other premises.
I am not across what might be available in her local area, but I can write to the Secretary of State to ask his officials to contact her office to signpost her to what support is available.
Even if stand-alone facilities have to go, that does not mean that the services have to go, and there are some great examples of how those services have been able to continue running across the country.
May I, through you, Madam Deputy Speaker, thank Mr Speaker for facilitating the Constituency Garden of Remembrance, at which many of us have been laying memorials this week?
I will be placing my own for constituents in Cardiff South and Penarth who have served and been lost or injured over generations of conflicts and wars.
I think in particular of the diverse communities who have served—our diverse Christian, Muslim, Hindu, Sikh and Jewish communities, and indeed many others, including those from across our Commonwealth.
I should also mention our merchant navy, which is specifically remembered on Saturday in Cardiff bay.
May we have a debate on the excellent work of not only the Royal British Legion, which has been referred to by a number of Members, but other veterans’ organisations in our constituencies?
I think of the work of Woody’s Lodge and the Welsh Veterans Partnership in my constituency, which do so much to support those who have served, often where there have been life-affecting issues.
Those organisations do excellent work and it is right that we remember them, as well as all those we have lost.
I join the hon.
Gentleman in thanking the House staff and all Members who have made use of the ways in which we can remember those from our constituencies who have fallen, such as the memorial garden and the service that took place yesterday against the war memorial at the top of the Westminster Hall stairs—it is much appreciated.
He has got on the record what I am sure is just a fraction of the incredible organisations in his constituency, and I thank him for doing that.
This is one reason why we have set up the Office for Veterans’ Affairs.
We want to be able to commission services directly for veterans—something that could not be done as part of the Ministry of Defence.
We must ensure that this country is the best place in the world to be a veteran, and I thank all Members who will be taking part in services and saying thank you to their veteran community this weekend.
A recent ruling by the inner house of the Court of Session in Edinburgh put beyond any doubt that the ill-conceived Gender Recognition Reform (Scotland) Bill of the Scottish Government impinges significantly on the Equality Act 2010, the sex-based rights of women and the same-sex rights of lesbian, gay and bisexual people.
We have had a debate in Westminster Hall to discuss redefining and having precision in law about the word “sex”.
Will the Leader of the House discuss this  matter, and the possibility of bringing in legislation to clarify the definition of “sex” in the 2010 Act in the future, with her Equalities and Justice colleagues?
I know that the Secretary of State is very across this issue, and I think that that judgment was a helpful thing to have taken place.
We deeply regret the lack of understanding on these matters about the need—whatever the Governments and Administrations in other parts of the UK wish to do—to bear in mind the social fabric of the UK.
Tearing at that social fabric, what it is to be a citizen and the values and norms that we live under is a bad thing.
We also need to ensure that we are upholding what is in the 2010 Act.
I shall make sure that the Secretary of State has heard what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
I would welcome the Leader of the House’s advice on how to expedite a response from the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office for my constituents who are desperate to return home from Kyiv with their newborn son, who was born in September in Ukraine through surrogacy and for whom they are seeking an emergency travel document.
I totally understand the importance of completing the passport application process, but my constituents have a vulnerable baby who needs to be cared for at home and a three-year-old back here in the UK who desperately needs her parents back.
I am sorry to hear about that situation.
If the hon.
Lady liaises with my office after this session, to give me the details and information about what she has already done, we will give her advice about how we can try to speed the process up for her.
As an advert to other Members, the Home Office still offers bespoke surgeries; caseworkers can sit down with them here or online, and go through cases that are stuck in the system.
Wick harbour in my constituency suffered damage in the recent storms.
If that is not dealt with very fast indeed, it could jeopardise the future use of the harbour.
In the same storm, a section of sea defence beside the main railway line from Inverness to the far north fell away, so we had no trains, which are a vital transport link, for a length of time.
The Leader of the House might say these are matters for the Scottish Government, but I would argue that they are strategic to the United Kingdom.
Further to her previous answer, will she encourage officials at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to speak to the Scottish Government, and possibly the Highland Council, about these issues, so we can get them put right as fast as possible?
I am sorry to hear about that situation.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that unless these things are taken care of and mitigated, future bad weather will exacerbate the situation.
I will make some inquiries on his behalf.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs may well be able to assist him more than some other Departments.
In times of great crisis, we always ensure that the Scottish Government and local authorities across the UK are able to make a request for military aid to the civil authorities, in order  to get assistance from UK armed forces to keep our communities safe.
I will make some inquiries on behalf of the hon.
Gentleman and contact his office.
This week, after three years of threatening journalists at The Guardian and elsewhere with legal action, wealthy business tycoons Douglas Barrowman and Michelle Mone finally admitted that they are indeed behind the dodgy covid company PPE Medpro Ltd.
The Government have repeatedly promised to outlaw the practice of dodgy lawyers and dodgy clients using the threat of legal action to prevent the freedom of the press from reporting the truth in the public interest.
Will the Leader of the House clarify which of the Bills announced in the King’s Speech will fulfil that promise and outlaw the practice once and for all?