The Leader of the House has assured the House time and again that it is the intention of the House of Commons Commission and herself to bring forward measures on  risk-based exclusions, which we were meant to debate before the summer recess.
It is now November.
I am sure the right hon.
Lady is bored of being asked this question, but not as bored as I am of having to keep asking it.
With yet more recent reports alleging serious misconduct while measures to address them appear to be kicked into the long grass, when will time be found to discuss how to ensure Parliament is a safe workplace and to restore our reputation with the public?
When either the Committees of this House or the Commission bring forward proposals to be debated on the Floor of the House, we find time very swiftly—usually within a week.
We did debate the proposals before the summer recess and there were some very legitimate comments from Members.
The hon.
Lady took part in that debate herself, if I remember correctly.
The Commission is considering these things and as soon as it has finalised a proposal we will, just as we always have, bring it back to this House.
Since my election, I have liaised closely with the Environment Agency and City of Doncaster Council to ensure that we never again see as many flood victims as we saw in 2019.
Storm Babet resulted in the flooding of 15 properties; far more were flooded in 2019.
While that is an undoubted success and a testament to the hard work of the agency and the council, we in Doncaster are now being penalised for that success.
For those 15 households who did suffer flooding, it is still a disaster, so may we hold a debate on my proposal that the Government’s excellent compensation scheme for flood victims should apply to all areas, not just those where a minimum of 25 properties are affected?
I am very sorry to hear about those households, and my sympathies go out to all who have been affected.
I am pleased to hear that the floods have had less impact than in previous years.
That is a very good development, but of course it is of no comfort to those who have suffered.
I would encourage my hon.
Friend’s local authority to contact the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities if it thinks that it is able to meet the criteria for support.
I understand that the Department is open to listening and working with councils so that they receive proper support, and I think they have until late January next year to provide information on those criteria, but I will certainly ensure that the Secretary of State has heard my hon.
Friend’s advocacy for the 15 flooded households in his constituency.
The overwhelming majority of people in Yorkshire are proud and patriotic, love their families, and work hard.
How can it be, then, that families had to approach food banks 75,000 times last year in order to feed their children?
That is shameful, and doubtless it was in the UN rapporteur’s mind when he said that our country was in breach of its international treaty obligations under the international covenant on economic, social and cultural rights.
May we have a debate about child poverty in Government time, and will the Leader of the House arrange for a Government Law Officer to be present to tell us what their legal defence is for the position in which the Government have put us?
This is an important matter, and one that the Government take extremely seriously.
That is why we have a package of more than £90 billion to support people through these cost of living strains, and it is why we are working to combat and mitigate the causes.
What is happening internationally has placed immense strain on our fuel prices and so forth.
I think that we should debate these matters, and I hope that we debate them in all parts of the UK.
I am sure that if the hon.
Gentleman applied for a debate, it would be well attended.
He might also like to read the Senedd’s report on the Welsh Labour Government’s track record on child poverty, which is out this week: I think he would find it an eye-opening read.
Speeding and antisocial driving continue to blight Chalkwell and Leigh-on-Sea, with boy racers using illegal exhausts hurtling down our seafront at all times of the day and night.
Even our local legend Linda Catling, who, despite being partially sighted, regularly knits woollen postbox toppers and has now created a speed camera topper, is considering moving out of Marine Parade owing to the dangerous driving.
Given that road crime, including speeding, kills more people in Essex than all other crimes put together, may we please have a debate in Government time on speeding and antisocial driving?