Before her rapid rise to her current role as the Leader of the House, the right hon.
Lady briefly served as Minister for Women and Equalities.
There is—believe it or not—still such a role in this Tory Government.
I raise that because recently there have been some absolutely shocking insights into the Government’s attitudes to women and equalities that give us an opportunity to assess her Government’s record, and—spoiler alert for her—it is grotesque.
First, we had the stomach-churning misogyny in language and behaviour described by witnesses at the covid inquiry.
I imagine that even the Leader of the House would find it hard to defend the routine and disgraceful attacks on women in a Government she served.
It told us so much.
We then had the United Nations rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, Oliver De Schutter, telling the right hon.
Lady’s Government that their record on poverty was “simply not acceptable” and was violating international laws.
That surprises no one who sees the effects of her Government’s cruel policies day in and day out.
Then a former Tory chair joined the fray by saying that there was “rot at the heart” of the party she was once so proud to be a member of—a rot at the heart of Government.
What we are talking about is the Tory Government’s values, and those values are not Scotland’s values.
Their values suggest that the way to help the homeless is to ban charities from supplying tents to rough sleepers—it is a “lifestyle choice” to be homeless, is it not?
Those comments were so misjudged that even the Prime Minister was embarrassed.
They have the values that say, “We don’t care if we break international laws on poverty and the human rights of the poorest”, and that women can be dismissed in the foulest way imaginable as a part of normal behaviour.
Simon Case, the country’s most senior civil servant, said that he had “never seen a bunch of people less well-equipped to run a country”.
He should know.
Can we have a debate on the Tory Government’s values and what 13 years under this “brutal and useless” Government have done to progress women and equalities and the interests of the most vulnerable among us in this far from United Kingdom?