On this Home Secretary’s watch, every day 6,000 crimes across England and Wales go unsolved, so does she trust the police to do their job or not?
If the purpose of her article was to say that she knows better than the commissioner of the Metropolitan police, she should say so—and she should say so here in this Chamber.
If not, what possible motive could she have for seeking to undermine public confidence in the police in this way?
We do have confidence in the police, but it is perfectly reasonable to scrutinise the police and hold them to account for their actions, as police and crime commissioners do every day, and as Members of this House do every day as well.
In terms of confidence in policing more widely, according to the crime survey for England and Wales, on a like-for-like basis crime is now 54% lower than it was under the last Labour Government.
This morning, a former chief constable of Durham warned that the storm being whipped up by the Home Secretary is diverting resources away from a very serious threat that might arise.
Does the Minister not understand that the Home Secretary’s incendiary and inflammatory comments ahead of what will be a really complex and sensitive policing operation for the Met this weekend is making their job even harder?
Is this not a deeply irresponsible way for a Home Secretary to behave?
I do not accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation.
The Home Secretary and other politicians on both sides of the House are perfectly entitled to hold policing to account, but of course this Government, as the Prime Minister said, accept—indeed, embrace—the principle of operational independence.
We all know that many people will be on the march on Saturday.
The organisers and participants have told me that they will be participating in ceremonies of remembrance and that their march has been organised in such a way that it will not impact on that.
The truth is that the Government are attempting to draw the police into taking political sides in a very contentious matter in the country.
There are millions of people who want a ceasefire.
We are on a dangerous slippery slope, because the operational independence of the police to protect the right of assembly —the basic English right of liberty—is being challenged by the Home Secretary.
She is not fit to hold that post, is she?
I do not accept that characterisation.
I am sure all of us—[Interruption.]
Excuse me, Mr Speaker; I have a bit of a cold this morning.
We all accept the  right to protest, which, as the hon.
Gentleman says, long predates the European convention on human rights.
There are limits to that right concerning public order, incitement to racial hatred and so on, and it is for the police to police those laws, but it is reasonable for politicians to hold them to account for doing that, as many politicians on both sides quite rightly do.
The fact that only two Conservative MPs have turned up to defend the Home Secretary shows that she has already lost the support of the House.
The Minister is absolutely right when he says that there is no place for hate on our streets, but is not the truth of the matter that there is no place for hate in the Home Office either, and the problem with the present Home Secretary is that she is the person inciting hatred in this country?
The Minister is right that it is perfectly fair for us to have scrutiny of the police, but that normally comes after an operational event, not before it.
Is it not the case that this Home Secretary is really trying to command the police, which breaches every single understanding we have historically had of the operational independence of the police?
I am slightly concerned that the hon.
Gentleman said that there are only two Conservative Members in the House, when it is clear there are a great deal more than that—[Interruption.]
Given his— Order.
I do not want to get into a tizzy about counts.
I will help with a little clarification: there are more Conservative Members here, but only two have spoken.
I think that was the point.
That was not quite how it came across from the hon.
Gentleman’s comment, but I will move on— Order.
We all have a judgment, and I have made mine.
Which of course I accept without hesitation or reservation, as I always do.
I agree that hatred has no place on our streets and I have said that repeatedly, but this is an unfolding event.
The hon.
Gentleman talked about what happens after the event, but these protests have been going on for four weeks now.
The Home Secretary was not commenting entirely before the events; she was also commenting after events that have been unfolding over the last four weeks, which have included 188 arrests and a number of communities, both Muslim and Jewish, but particularly the Jewish community, feeling very uneasy.
It is reasonable for the Home Secretary to try to ensure that communities feel safe and protected, and that is what she was trying to do.
When women were treated brutally and unjustly by the Metropolitan police in this city in the wake of the Sarah Everard murder, Members came, correctly, to criticise the police, inside this House and out, for their failure and for their brutality.
I remember people on the Opposition Benches calling on the Government to be more brutal on the police at that point.
The hand-wringing hypocrisy and  the pant-wetting that we are seeing over someone correctly criticising the police is amazing.
I have witnessed Irish nationalists and republicans, who the Home Secretary referred to in her article, running too quickly to the support of Hamas, to Colombian terrorists, to Hezbollah and a whole host of others.
The Home Secretary is correct to call that out and to say it as she sees it, and this House is right to back her.