Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  13 November  will be: Monday 13 November —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech, on building an NHS fit for the future.
Tuesday 14 November —Continuation of the debate on the King’s Speech, on securing high, sustained economic growth in every part of the country.
Wednesday 15 November —Conclusion of the debate on the King’s Speech, on reducing serious violence and violence against women and girls, and raising confidence in policing and the criminal justice system.
Thursday 16 November —Debate on the reports of the Speaker’s Conference on the employment conditions of Members’ staff, followed by a general debate on COP28. Friday 17 November —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  20 November  will include: Monday 20 November —Remaining stages of the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Tuesday 21 November —Second Reading of the Media Bill.
Wednesday 22
November —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will make his autumn statement, followed by a debate on the autumn statement.
Thursday 23 November —Continuation of the debate on the autumn statement.
Friday 24 November —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  27 November  will include: Monday 27 November —Conclusion of the debate on the autumn statement.
So there we have it: confirmation that the Government have given up on governing.
The Prime Minister’s first and likely only King’s Speech, and what should be his moment of maximum power and authority—yet it was not, because he is too weak, he has no burning agenda, he cannot escape his Government’s own record and he certainly cannot be the change the country is crying out for.
The verdict is in: “thin gruel”, “damp squib”, “dull as ditchwater”, “a series of gimmicks”, and a Prime Minister who had “already checked out, his wheelie was at the door”.
Those are not my words, but those of Conservative Members.
The Leader of the House knows it and they know it: yet another failed reset.
They are out of ideas and out of road—“drifting to defeat”, as one has put it today.
The programme is so thin it is embarrassing.
Of the few Bills announced, five are carry-overs, four are barely longer than a page, three we have seen before and the flagship crime Bill has already been shelved.
Despite the big issues facing our country, the Government’s answers  are so small.
There is nothing to tackle the cost of living crisis, just a Prime Minister deluded that everything is going great, and even getting his own figures wrong.
There is nothing on NHS waiting lists or mental health, despite a Bill being promised many times.
Education has been consigned to lofty ambitions years away.
There is nothing of substance on transport, despite Network North being the Prime Minister’s last big reset—another flunk.
However, the Government have found time for the regulation of pedicabs and a Bill to make it easier to sack doctors.
Do the Government really think that sacking doctors is the solution to an NHS crisis?
Other Bills are political stunts, not fixing problems.
Take North sea gas and oil.
Can the Leader of the House confirm that we already have regular North sea licensing and that it has not prevented the worst cost of living crisis in generations?
Can she also confirm that, in the midst of that crisis driven by energy bills, the grand offer of this King’s Speech is a Bill that, by the admission of the Energy Secretary, will do absolutely nothing about bills?
The only way to bring down bills and get energy security is by going further and faster on cheap renewables.
Instead, this Government are retreating and spending billions subsidising gas, the price of which is set globally anyway.
It is politics first, country second.
Then there is the so-called flagship crime Bill—a Bill that has had to go back to the drawing board.
The Prime Minister is too weak to stand up to his Home Secretary, who wants to criminalise giving homeless people tents because she thinks it is a lifestyle choice—despicable.
We all know what she is up to; it is naked.
Instead of sacking her, the Prime Minister cowers next to her.
He is cowering next to her today, too.
She is out of control.
She is utterly irresponsible, undermining the police while stoking up division ahead of a difficult and important weekend.
She is unhinged.
Does the Leader of the House agree with the Home Secretary that police officers are playing favourites in this case?
But the Prime Minister is so weak that he cannot rein in the Home Secretary.
He is so weak that he could not even get his own ideas into his own King’s Speech— Order.
I do not like the term “unhinged”.
I understand that tensions are running very high, but I want us to try to moderate our language.
I will withdraw that, Mr Speaker, and I will ask my questions instead.
Nutrient neutrality has been dropped to avoid another embarrassing defeat.
Whatever happened to the motorists Bill, briefed several times as the Prime Minister’s big idea?
It is nowhere this week.
The ban on conversion therapy? Dropped.
One of the Prime Minister’s pet projects did make it into the King’s Speech though: a Bill on autonomous vehicles.
But the joke being made on the Tory WhatsApp groups is that it is their own Government that is the driverless car.
I can tell the Leader of the House that Labour is revving up.
There is much that we would do.
We would bring in a fiscal responsibility lock, so that mortgage payers never again pay the price of Conservative failure.
We would ban water bosses’ bonuses and clean up our rivers; end non-dom tax breaks and have more doctors and teachers; change planning laws to build  more affordable homes; levy a proper windfall tax; and set up GB energy.
We would make work pay, legislate for proper leasehold reform and rights for renters, tackle crime and violence against women and girls, introduce a skills and growth levy, and pass real rail and bus reform—the list goes on.