The hon.
Lady talked about values and language.
I hope that she will have a word with some of her party’s activists, who have intimidated those who stand against her or stand up for their own principles.
I point out that, despite by-election losses, the Government did arrive back here with a new MP who sits on our Benches.
A little self-reflection about some of the reasons why that MP made that transition would be appreciated.
The hon.
Lady wants to talk about values.
On women and equalities issues, it is the SNP that has torn the social fabric of the UK with its plans on gender recognition reforms.
It is the SNP and the Labour party, which backed the SNP on that, that have backed the anti-free speech Bill that the Scottish Government have been so keen to push.
The parties are in coalition together at a local level.
Labour would give the SNP powers on foreign affairs and has indulged the First Minister of Wales’s separatist agenda.
The hon.
Lady often comes here to say that the Government do not respect devolution.
We do respect devolution; it is part of our values.
Since the turn of the century, the UK Government have legislated for Scotland more than 200 times with the Scottish Government’s consent.
It is the SNP that does not listen to local voices.
The party that does not respect local people and local decision making is the SNP, which overrules 50% of councils on planning appeals, did not consult local authorities regarding its council tax policies, and does not pass on funding from the UK Government that is designed for Scotland’s local authorities.
I think that our values are fine.
The hon.
Lady should look to her own party if she wants some improvement.
Some of the Ukrainians housed in Mid Derbyshire under the Homes for Ukraine scheme are worried about their futures, as their visas are starting to expire.
They include school pupils who are uncertain about whether they can continue their education here, attend British universities and receive home student fees and funding.
Will the Government make a statement outlining the future of the Homes for Ukraine scheme and how students will be affected?
Many Members are hosting Ukrainian refugees, and we are acutely aware of how difficult it is for them to plan their lives in the situations that they find themselves in.
We will give them as much certainty as we can so that they can start to make decisions about studies or where they might go in a year’s time.
My understanding is that they must be given a year’s notice, so many will be given information next spring.
I will write to both relevant Departments to flag the point that if we can do anything earlier it would be appreciated.
The word “economy” was mentioned only once in the King’s Speech.
Given that the country faces the highest tax burden since the second world war, not to mention the  longest squeeze on wages in 200 years, does that not speak volumes about the Government’s lack of a long-term plan for our economy?
The hon.
Lady will know that the biggest way we can help households is to curb inflation.
That is the Chancellor’s priority, and it is why we have exercised restraint on spending.
I am sorry that the hon.
Lady did not support us in those efforts, but she will not have long to wait for the Chancellor’s autumn statement, which I announced in the business statement.
Could we have a debate on the volunteers who support the Royal British Legion?
I am lucky enough to be the honorary president of the Royal British Legion in Hinckley, 100 years since its formation, and my predecessor but three was also its honorary president.
I have seen the work of the likes of Elaine Ward, who has been collecting for the poppy appeal for 50 years.
I will be there in Hinckley on Friday.
Could we have a debate about how magnificent this charity really is?
I am sure I speak for all Members of the House by thanking the hon.
Gentleman for enabling us all to send our thanks to the Royal British Legion and its army of volunteers who assist all year round, not just during the poppy campaign.
If we were to have a debate, it would be well attended and very long, because the work it does is tremendously diverse, helping families as well as veterans and serving members of the armed forces.
This summer I welcomed to Parliament teachers from Oldfield Park Infant School and Twerton Infant School.
They told me how they were struggling with staff shortages, underfunding and an increasingly unmanageable workload.
In the south-west, teacher vacancies have risen by 175% in the last five years.
So far, the Government have committed only to a fraction of the recommended £15 billion needed for catch-up education.
Can we have a debate in Government time to get to the bottom of the considerable underfunding of schools?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we have protected the schools budget and increased the number of teachers substantially—I think we have an additional 30,000 since 2010.
Clearly, recruitment is an issue in certain parts of the country.
There have been a number of campaigns through local authorities to attract teachers from particular disciplines into areas that do not have enough of them.
I will write to the Secretary of State on the hon.
Lady’s behalf and ask her whether she and her Department could share some best practice with the hon.
Lady and her local authority.
The Leader of the Opposition recently said that he would bulldoze local protests and opposition in order to build millions more homes, which has folk in my patch worried.
Is there some way of finding Government time to have a debate to show that there always needs to be local consent and engagement to build the homes that we need?
We need those homes to be affordable, proportionate, sustainable and appropriate.