I am thinking of the number of times I have spoken to criticise and call out the police for their behaviour in things that they have got wrong, but we are seeing the Home Secretary blatantly interfering with the operational day-to-day decisions of the police.
We have to call that out; the police have to be independent.
I have lost count of the number of people our Home Secretary has demonised, be they LGBT people, homeless people or minorities.
Why?
Why is there so much hate spewing from her?
The organisers of the march have said that it does not coincide with Remembrance Day.
Will the Minister correct that and stop conflating the two issues?
I do not accept the hon.
Lady’s characterisation; it is both unfair and unintentionally inaccurate.
There are all kinds of risks that the police will have to manage on Saturday if the march goes ahead, including the risk that groups break away, which did in fact happen last Saturday—a group broke away and ended up in Trafalgar Square, where they set off fireworks, and 11 police officers were assaulted.
Those are the kinds of risks that will have to be managed by the police on Saturday.
That is not an easy job, but I am sure that the police have the House’s full support in doing it.
The shadow Home Secretary’s question was whether the Minister could confirm that the Home Secretary’s intervention to undermine the operational independence of the police was signed off through the normal No. 10 process and therefore has the support of the Prime Minister.
The Minister said that he has no sight of that, so what will he do to furnish the House with an answer to that question?
I am afraid that communications between other Members of the Government are not a matter for me.
I am responsible for policing, delivering record police numbers and falling crime.
That is my job and I am doing it.
Does the Minister agree with the Home Secretary that “senior police officers play favourites when it comes to protesters”?
It is up to the police to apply the law.
It is important that the police apply the law even-handedly, and that is what I am sure all Members of the House want them to do.
Words matter, so in the Home Secretary’s absence, can the Minister explain in what way protest marches in the UK relating to Israel and Gaza are “disturbingly reminiscent of Ulster”, and does he agree?
That is not directly germane to the protests on Saturday.
We have seen all kinds of protests in Ulster over the years—dissident Republicans among others.
What we need to do is ensure that London’s streets are safe, and that we do not have an atmosphere of fear or intimidation, and that is what we expect the police to deliver.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the effectiveness of the implementation of the UK sanctions regime against Russia and Belarus.
The sanctions regime is dealt with by the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed (Anne-Marie Trevelyan) , but I shall do my best to answer this most important question posed by  the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) .
Sanctions are an important tool that we use to weaken Putin’s war effort and to underline our unyielding support for Ukraine.
Britain alone has sanctioned more than 1,800 individuals and entities under the Russia sanctions regime, more than 1,600 of which have been sanctioned since Putin’s full-scale invasion.
Although I cannot comment on individual cases, we are pleased that the High Court has in recent weeks recognised the Foreign Office’s expertise on deciding which persons should be sanctioned to ensure maximum effect.
We have frozen over £18 billion-worth of Russian assets through designations and over 60% of Russia’s central bank foreign reserves—assets that can no longer be funnelled back to Russia to fund its war machine.
Rather than the surplus that the Russian Government predicted for 2022, Russia suffered an annual deficit of £47 billion—the second highest of the post-Soviet era.
Its budget remains in deficit in 2023, despite tax increases.
We have also targeted those who have enabled sanctioned persons to hide their assets in obscure and complex financial networks, and we are working to crack down on phoenix companies, which continue to operate after sanctions are imposed or which are developing fronts to avoid sanctions.
Just yesterday, we imposed 29 further sanctions targeting individuals and entities operating in and supporting Russia’s gold, oil and strategic sectors—critical sources of revenue for the Russian war machine.
Those sanctions include Russia’s largest gold refiner, as well as international networks propping up Russia’s gold, oil and finance industries.
Our co-ordinated sanctions, working in line with our G7 partners, are having an impact.
Without our sanctions and those of our partners, we estimate that Russia would have over $400 billion more to fund its war machine.
We are starving Putin of the resources he needs to fund his illegal war on Ukraine.
Sanctions are thwarting Russian access to western components and technology.
Russia’s budget remains in deficit.
Our oil price cap has contributed to a fall of 25% in Russian oil revenues between January and September 2023, compared with the same period in 2022, and our export bans have starved Russia of thousands of products needed for the battlefield.
His Majesty’s Government are fully aware, as Members will be, that sanctions are not static.
We are constantly monitoring to see where and if they are being circumvented.
Alongside our international partners, we are closing loopholes and tackling sanctions evasion, as Putin desperately scrambles to restructure the Russian economy and smuggle goods in through back channels.
We will continue to isolate Russia’s financial system and support businesses that are seeking to divest from their links with Russia.
We will bring forward further legislation in the coming weeks to deliver on our G7 commitments and further deprive Russia of lucrative remaining revenue sources, including banning imports of Russian diamonds and ending all imports of Russian copper, aluminium and nickel— Order.
I have tried coughing; I have tried different ways of indicating that the Minister is almost a minute over.
We need to get speeches better timed in future to three minutes.
I am sure he is coming to the end immediately.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Finally, we will continue to combat circumvention and seek to degrade Russia’s military capabilities by coming down hard on sanctions evaders and closing loopholes.
For the record, I want to say that we had a bit of drift over earlier.
We are back in a new Session.
The rules are quite clear: the time limit is three minutes for the Minister, and for those who have tabled the question, it is two minutes.
Please adhere to it.
Do not take advantage of the Chair, because you are taking advantage of the people I represent: they are called Back Benchers.