Let me make it clear that the evils of antisemitism and Islamophobia should be condemned wherever we find them.
More than 2.5 million Muslims fought for the British Empire in world war two to assert freedom, liberty and an end to fascism in Europe, using war to end all wars and promote peace through armistice.
The protest for peace is far from the Cenotaph and starts later that day.
The grandson of Winston Churchill, Nicholas Soames, has defended the right of people to march.
Does the Minister agree with him?
Does he empathise with the contributions of Muslims for peace, then and now?
Armistice Day has turned into Armistice Weekend, and a lot of discussion is focused on the Palestinian ceasefire march, when the police are more concerned about counter-protests from the far right, such as the English Defence League, and football hooligans, such as Football Lads Alliance.
Will the Government also be looking to cancel the 10 premier league games scheduled this weekend, or the Lord Mayor’s parade that overlaps the two-minute silence?
Finally, the former Met assistant commissioner said this morning that this is “the end of operational independence in policing” after the Government sought to pressure and exert control to ban Saturday’s peace march, saying that they are on the verge of behaving unconstitutionally.
Does that not mean that the Home Secretary is unfit for office and should be sacked?
As I have said very clearly, I do not agree with the suggestion that operational independence is in any way compromised.
The Prime Minister made that clear following his meeting with the Metropolitan Police Commissioner yesterday.
None the less, I think that politicians on both sides of the House—both Members of Parliament and police and crime commissioners—are entitled to comment on matters of public policy and public order, as they have done over recent years.
I do not think that offering comments undermines operational independence, which, as has been quite rightly said, is a sacrosanct principle of our system.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned sentiment in the Muslim community in the United Kingdom.
I am sure that, like me, he has met the community in his constituency.
We understand, I am sure, that there is huge concern, not just in the Muslim community, but beyond, about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
That is why this Government are providing additional aid.
That is why they are calling for a humanitarian pause to allow aid to get in.
That is why our Prime Minister has worked closely with others, including President Sisi of Egypt, to make sure the Rafah border crossing is open to allow aid in and certain citizens out.
It is why our Prime Minister has renewed his public commitment to a durable, two-state solution.
Those voices for peace are heard as well.
Let me repeat what I said at the start: operational independence of policing is a sacrosanct principle and this Government will not interfere with it.
I know that the police are in a really difficult position, and that their powers to ban marches are constrained by law, but I have to say that I am deeply troubled by this march on Saturday.
In all the many years that I have known the Jewish community, and in representing them in Chipping Barnet for 18 years, I have never known such fear and anxiety as I have seen over the past few weeks.
Does the Minister agree that it is absolutely right that Members of this House and Ministers hold the police to account to insist that they deploy the full force of the law against any offences of hate crime and antisemitism at these protests?
My right hon.
Friend is a tireless campaigner for the Jewish community in Barnet and beyond.
We of course expect the police to protect the Jewish community across London and across the whole country at a time when they feel deeply uneasy.
In fact, describing the sentiment that the Jewish community are feeling as unease understates it; as I said earlier, I have received messages this morning from members of the Jewish community expressing fear about this weekend, and I will raise those fears with senior police officers later today to ensure that the Met are aware of them, and are policing that appropriately.
There is no excuse for harassment.
There is no excuse for inciting racial hatred.
That has no place in a civilised country such as this one, and we will not let it happen.