Absolutely.
There is fantastic expertise in our universities across the UK; as I say that, I have to refer hon.
Members to my registered interests because of my connections with the university sector.
There is much more that we can do to attract the best researchers to the UK and build capacity in UK universities.
The Bill will provide greater accountability for the delivery of new research, but please do not just take my word for it.
Brain Tumour Research has described it as “essential for a brain tumour cure”.
I did not feel any pressure at all when I read that quote!
No, it was quite daunting, to be honest.
The Less Survivable Cancers Taskforce says that the Bill “could be a truly transformative moment in the UK’s approach to research for rare and less common cancers.”
My friends at the Brain Tumour Charity say that the Bill “is a framework for tangible, impactful change.”
At this point, I have to mention my daughter’s connection with the Brain Tumour Charity.
She is running a marathon in May to raise funding for it, and I wish her well.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] Thank you.
Let me list some of the other groups that support the Bill.
They include Pancreatic Cancer UK, which has been absolutely fantastic in its support for what we are doing; Cancer52, an organisation that represents more than 100 groups; the Angel Mums; the Grace Kelly Childhood Cancer Trust; and the Inflammatory Breast Cancer Network UK.
Inflammatory breast cancer accounts for 2% of breast cancer diagnoses in the UK each year, but 10% of the deaths.
The Bill is also supported by Target Ovarian Cancer, Brainstrust, AMMF—the Cholangiocarcinoma Charity, the Urology Foundation, the Tessa Jowell Brain Cancer Mission, Action Kidney Cancer and Sarcoma UK, which I met this week.
I have a friend with that cancer, and it is a fantastic organisation that I hope to work more with in the future.
It is supported by Maggie’s, Shine Cancer Support, Solving Kids’ Cancer, the British Liver Trust, Blood Cancer UK, Radiotherapy UK, Leukaemia UK, CCLG—the Children and Young People’s Cancer Association, CLL Support, Neuroblastoma UK, Salivary Gland Cancer UK, Neuroendocrine Cancer UK, Melanoma Focus, Myeloma UK, Hope For Tomorrow, Alike, Yorkshire Cancer Research, Young Lives vs Cancer, the Tessa Jowell Foundation, the UK Mastocytosis Support Group, the Bone Cancer Research Trust, the Neurosciences Foundation and the Eve Appeal.
The Eve Appeal had a fantastic reception last week, and when I went along to it, having its support felt like a real tipping point in the progress we are making in building support for the Bill.
It was great to see the Minister as well, and I have to say—this is not a trivial point—that the cake there was absolutely fantastic.
I do not doubt that when I get back to my office and check my emails, more organisations will have got in touch to say that they want to support what we are doing today.
I know that many Members in the Chamber today will have deeply personal stories to tell, on their own behalf and on behalf of their constituents.
I look forward to hearing those testimonies as we debate this Bill, because it is so important to give those people a voice.
I will conclude by saying that the Bill we are debating   today has a real chance of making a difference.
For too long, rare cancer patients have been left on the sidelines without significant advancement—this cannot go on.
Tilly and Ivor deserved a better chance of beating the cancer inside them, and those who are yet to be diagnosed deserve a better chance of a full life.
Let us pass this Bill today and work across the UK to take the fight to rare cancers and save lives.
I commend this Bill to the House.
rose— Before I call the first speaker, I am aware that this is a very personal debate for some Members, so please feel free to leave the Chamber if you need to.
Let’s look after each other today.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur) , both on his good fortune in being drawn in the private Member’s Bill ballot and on his wisdom in picking this very important issue to take forward.
Having been similarly lucky in being drawn in that ballot a few weeks after I was first elected, nearly a decade ago, I know the barrage of calls and emails that suddenly come your way—the very sudden and slightly fleeting popularity that comes from coming towards the top of the private Member’s Bill ballot—and the very many, very worthy causes and campaigns that come your way for you to choose between.
The hon.
Gentleman could not have picked a better cause than the one represented by this Bill, and if he is never again quite as popular as he was in the few hours after the publication of the ballot results, I know that he would willingly exchange all of that popularity in an instant for the difference that this legislation can make to so many lives across the country, if and when it is passed and implemented—as we hope it will be.
I stand today not just as a Member of this House but as a friend who is deeply moved by the pain of seeing someone I care about—someone who has become like family—struggle against an insidious disease.
This Bill is not just another piece of legislation; it is a cry for help.
It is a plea for those who are fighting for their lives—a lifeline for families who are watching their loved ones slip away, bit by bit and day after day.
Too often, those diagnosed with rare cancers are left stranded in a system that does not have the answers they need.
We know the wonders that pharmaceutical companies can do in drug development, but the horrible truth is that few people are able or willing to invest the enormous amount of money needed to take forward drug development—knowing that about one in 25,000 drug candidates make it to market—for conditions that will require that drug 1,000 or 2,000 times a year, at most.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that there is a whole range of new modern immunotherapy drugs that could be used on these cancers?
They already exist, they are used to treat other people, but they are simply not tried.
The cost of those trials is not overwhelming and we can do them, and the NHS repurposing project should be doing them.
The hon.
Lady is obviously right, and I know that she approaches this subject with, tragically, a huge amount of personal experience.
We have already seen drugs—in some cases, long-marketed drugs—being applied for new purposes and new conditions.
Without those costly clinical trials, they will not be licensed or approved for prescription, and that is why the Bill is so important.
Clinical trials are sadly a distant hope for far too many currently, and many patients are left with the crushing, gut-wrenching words, “There is nothing more we can do.”
Those words can be a death sentence, but they do not have to be—not if we act.
Many Members and House staff will know my senior parliamentary assistant and dear friend Dan Horrocks.
He is best known as the owner of Bella, his therapy shih tzu who he had while he was being treated for his third brain tumour and who is often seen roaming around the Palace and 1 Parliament Street.
Dan has worked for me since I was first elected in 2015, but he is not just my senior parliamentary assistant; he has become like family.
He is a father, a husband and a four-time cancer survivor.
For 14 years, he has fought this monster, each time feeling the ground slip more from under him as his options narrow, leaving him and his family with ever-reducing hope.
We have seen him face unimaginable pain.
I have watched him endure brain surgeries and radiotherapy, and seen the fear in his eyes each time the disease comes back and he hears his doctors tell him that they do not know how much more his body can take, and whether he can be put through that next course of radiotherapy.
Dan’s journey started with something as simple as headaches, as the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West referred to in another case, that no one thought were serious at the time.
As a teenager, three GPs all misdiagnosed that tumour and for unknown reasons, the GPs did not want to send Dan for a scan.
A simple scan to check that there were no malign causes would have identified those tumours months earlier.
It was a free voucher for an eye test that saved Dan’s life, because it was not until, by sheer luck, an optician noticed something wrong in his eyes that anyone realised the nightmare he was living.
That optician saved his life.
What followed has been nothing short of a nightmare: brain tumours, surgeries, radiotherapy and the heart-wrenching hope that every treatment might be the last, only for the disease to rear its ugly head again.
Now the cancer has spread to his spine.
His doctors and consultants have no answers.
His options are dwindling, yet Dan’s fight is far from over, because Dan is not just fighting for himself, but for his two-year-old son, Elijah, who deserves to grow up with his father by his side, cheering him on at his first football match and guiding him through life’s milestones.
Dan dreams of walking his son to school every day and of being there for every moment that really matters, whether it is his graduation or his wedding—the moments that every parent should have the chance to see.
He is fighting with his wife, Sonia, who has been his rock through all of this.
Sonia has stayed by his side through every hospital visit, through every sleepless night, and through every moment of doubt and fear.
Together they have dreamed of a life growing old together, of watching their child grow up, and of building memories that will last forever, but that future is slipping away.
That is why we are here today—to ensure that no parent, no family,  no child has to face the horror of rare cancer without hope.
This Bill is not just about changing laws or regulations; it is about giving families like Dan’s a fighting chance.
It mandates a review of the orphan drug regulations to ensure that rare cancers get the investment they so desperately need, creates the national specialty lead to drive research and innovation, and establishes a registry service to help to connect patients to the clinical trials that really could save their lives.
This Bill gives hope—a real chance for families who are facing the unimaginable.
I stand here today with a heart full of hope, but also with a heavy heart, because I know that time is not on their side.
Dan does not have the luxury of waiting.
His family do not have the luxury of waiting.
No one diagnosed with rare cancer has that luxury.
That is why this Bill is so very urgent.
We spend a lot of time in this Chamber talking about politics, but this is not about politics: it is about real people like Dan who desperately need our help.
Cancer does not care about politics.
It does not care what background we come from, our age or gender or what party we belong to.
It strikes indiscriminately.
It takes what it wants, and it leaves devastation in its wake.
That is why we must respond with urgency, with compassion and, most importantly, with action.
I strongly support this Bill
and I urge all hon.
Members here today to stand with us, to stand with the families clinging to the hope that there is something more we can do and to stand with those, like Dan, who are fighting for more time, for more moments, for more chances to hold their loved ones close.
The cost of inaction is measured not just in money, but in precious lives lost.
Let us pass this Bill.
Let us give people like Dan and his family the hope they so desperately need.
Let us give them a future—a future that is still within reach.
I rise to speak about a Bill that will increase research funding focused on more effective treatments for rarer forms of cancer.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill.
Like many in this House, I rise today because I have lost a family member to a rare cancer, and I also rise as a member of the Health and Social Care Committee.
In the last Parliament, the Committee conducted a Future Cancer inquiry, which recommended that “the UK should be leading on driving up international action to tackle the poor outcomes for the least survivable and least common cancers.
“ This Bill will do that—but, as I say, my reason for speaking in this debate is much more personal.
On  20 January  this year, my brother Alex English passed away from high-grade acinic cell carcinoma, a form of salivary gland cancer.
I tell his story to highlight what we can win, because this Bill can give families the gift of more time with the special people they love.
Increasingly, more common cancers are treatable or are illnesses that people can live with, but on rare cancers we still have a way to go, and without focus we will not get any further.
There are more than 700 diagnoses of various forms of salivary gland cancer each year, but my search for related terms in Hansard finds only two mentions in this Chamber in the past 30 years—my hon.
Friend has just made the third.
One of those mentions was from me, following my brother’s death.
That is why we need more focus.
In evidence to that Select Committee inquiry, Cancer52 noted that, while they represent 47% of diagnoses of less common cancers, rare cancers account for 55% of deaths.
Members across this House have our own cancer journeys—ourselves, our friends or our loved ones—and I want to talk about my brother’s journey.
Not all cancer journeys have the outcome that we want, and even with this Bill we will still lose some people, but more investment into research for rare cancers can give us something crucial: time.
I would do anything for more time with my brother.
If you will indulge me, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would like to talk for a minute about the person who Alex was.
The most important thing about Alex was not how he died; it was how he lived and the mark he left on the world.
He fit a lot into 53 years.
A lot of us think that our elder siblings are rock stars, but in my brother’s case that was literally true.
The band he joined at university, called Pure, toured with bands like Soundgarden and reached the top 10 in Japan.
I have always been tremendously proud to call him my brother.
I was proud of the horse-drawn narrowboat company he ran in Hebden Bridge, which forms part of many people’s happy childhood memories, and of his subsequent time at the National Trust, where he helped properties to become profitable, worked to restore nature and worked with local authorities.
His last major project was creating woodlands near Lunt, in Liverpool.
But most of all, I was proud of the person he was.
He was always funny—he had a surreal wit.
He was unfailingly kind and the sort of non-toxic model of masculinity that the world needs more of.
I remember the humour and love in the best man’s speech he gave for me, and I will never not be sorry that I have written eulogies for my brother but never a best man’s speech.
While preparing for Christmas in 2023, I got a call from Alex and he asked if I had a minute to talk, which was unlike him, because he would not generally be over-serious.
He said he had a lump on the side of his face that was, in his words, unsightly but not overly concerning.
It might have been cancer, but there are a number of other things that it could have been, and if it was cancer, it was likely to be a very treatable form.
He instructed me to be aware of it but not make a big deal of it, because, typically, he did not want to worry our mum.
Later, it transpired that it was acinic cell carcinoma, but the prognosis was good and they were going to operate.
The cancer continued to grow.
His operation took 14 hours.
The thing about Alex’s tumour is that the version of the illness he had was high grade, which meant that it mutated faster.
It is something that has only been identified in about 100 cases, and which no doubt could have been identified earlier had we known more about cancers like his.
Last spring, in my mum’s garden, during a hushed conversation with a different family member to the side, they told me that Alex might only have 18 months to live.
I hugged my two-year-old son, who was playing in the garden unaware, because I was trying not to make a big deal of it—but sometimes you need to hug someone.
Every update got worse, until I took a day off during the election campaign to visit him at the Christie hospital because his lung had collapsed.
Then, because it is never a straight line, his health improved.
He got to sit up there in the Gallery to watch my maiden speech in Parliament.
We went to a Pixies concert together at the Piece Hall in Halifax.
Then he got worse, Madam Deputy Speaker, and on Christmas Eve last year he was hospitalised again.
When he returned home, we knew he was coming home to die.
I cannot say enough about his wonderful friends, particularly Matt and Sarah, and my incredible family, who cared for him at the end.
All of us would have spent more time at his bedside if we could, because time with people you love is a privilege.
That is what this Bill is about: giving people more time with those they love, perhaps even a full lifetime together.
In cases where the cancer is worse and it cannot be treated or cured, it is about giving people more time, better health and an understanding of the journey that they are on.
It is about giving people more special moments, be it a Pixies concert or reading a story to a child—Alex read the best stories—and time to organise what you leave behind.
People who develop cancers that are rare still matter, and they still deserve more time.
The work to help people like Alex in the future must start today.
The Government have a renewed emphasis on tackling rare cancers, in memory of the sister of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  and of Tessa Jowell, and for countless other campaigners, including those in the Gallery.
What we need is focus and determination to respond quickly.
I thank the House for indulging me today.
Let us be that world leader that is so desperately needed in tackling rare cancers.
Let us give families special time with those they love the most.
Let us pass this Bill.