Nobody told me that the most amazing thing about being an MP would be the people we meet almost daily, who want to make their community, our country or even the world a better place.
That is particularly true of the people I have been humbled to meet on my journey to speaking about the Bill today, including cancer patients, survivors, the bereaved and campaigners, all of whom want just one thing: justice.
Although the healthcare system in the UK is founded on the notion of equality, fairness and justice, they believe that rare cancer patients are being overlooked.
Their demand for justice covers three points.
The first is that beating a rare cancer should not be less likely than beating other cancers.
I have said that 47% of all UK cancer diagnoses each year are of rare and less common types.
These patients already have the cards stacked against them, as they are 17% less likely to survive—an injustice caused by the relative lack of research and development in this field over many years.
Secondly, having a rare cancer should not mean being less likely to benefit from a medical breakthrough.
According to Cancer52, in 2024, an astonishing 82% of patients with rare and less common cancers were not offered a clinical trial, and so were denied access to potentially lifesaving treatments.
Often that is because such trials do not even exist, because there has been so little progress, and when they do exist, they are not always easy for patients to access.
Let me give an example: there is a remarkable young woman in my constituency known as Kira the Machine.
Kira has been living with neuroblastoma since she was 10.
She has been through it all: a prognosis of inoperability, 26 rounds of chemotherapy and eight relapses.
Her and her mum, Aud, are fundraising legends locally.
I do not know a school or workplace in Edinburgh that did not help when they were given just three weeks to raise £500,000 for lifesaving specialist treatment in the USA.
Now 21 and fundraising for other cancer sufferers, Kira is an example to us all.
She owes her life to a lung cancer drug not typically provided to treat neuroblastoma and not yet generally available in the UK for that purpose, although I understand that Solving Kids’ Cancer is working on that.
Kira appears on my social media so much, and is really well known in Edinburgh because of the fantastic campaign that she and her mum ran.
She is a bit of a celebrity, if I can use that word.
She came into my office recently to talk about the Bill.
It was really humbling to meet her, and because she has that celebrity status, in my mind, I was also quite starstruck; I told her that it was like Taylor Swift entering my office.
I resisted the temptation to exchange friendship bracelets with her, but she gave me a Solving Kids’ Cancer badge, which I am proud to wear today.
Kira’s story is important because it reminds us that repurposing existing drugs can unlock great benefits, but those benefits can be delivered at scale only through additional medical research efforts and clinical trials.
The NHS has a drug repurposing office.
To date, it has repurposed one drug, and that was for breast cancer.
Does my hon.
Friend think that is good enough?