There are many rare forms of cancer that individuals suffer, often without specialised treatments or public awareness, but every rare cancer patient has a name and a story.
Take that of a constituent I recently met in Parliament at an event for World Cancer Day, who suffers from T-cell large granular lymphocytic leukaemia.
Although the five-year survival rate for leukaemia currently stands at 55%, the figure for acute myeloid leukaemia, a rare and aggressive form, is one of the lowest of all cancers.
It has a 22% survival rate beyond five years after diagnosis.
This means that, sadly, nearly 80% of those diagnosed with AML today will not survive until the end of this Parliament.
Surgery is not a viable treatment option for those diagnosed with leukaemia, so such patients often depend on the discovery of new and innovative treatments to survive the disease.
Though every cancer has a name and a story, some are so rare that there is little representation of them, even in debates like this.
That brings me to my second example: composite hemangioendothelioma, or CHE.
It was first medically identified in only 2006, and by 2022 had fewer than 60 cases reported in English-language literature.
Because of its rarity, it is hard to treat and garners little attention from companies that could develop treatments.
However, those affected by CHE have names, families and stories.
Hopefully, my mentioning CHE in this debate may, in a small way, help raise awareness of its existence.
This Bill will assist us in this matter, as it will result in the appointment of a named person who is responsible for overseeing the delivery of research into rare cancer treatments.
That will facilitate some political accountability for rare cancer research and encourage an ecosystem that can hopefully lead to future treatments for, or at least more attention to, even some of the rarest cancers, such as CHE.
Talking of treatments, earlier this week, I met a constituent who is a researcher at the University of Glasgow.
She was in Parliament for the STEM for Britain exhibition.
We discussed her research on a novel approach to treating osteosarcoma.
Although it is the most common primary bone cancer, only 160 people are diagnosed with osteosarcoma each year in the UK—fewer than three people in every 1 million of the population—making it a rare cancer under the Bill.
Current treatments lack specificity in targeting the tumour and often have unwanted side effects.
My constituent’s research looked at the potential use of small molecules to create a more effective and non-invasive treatment for osteosarcoma.
The Bill’s support for information sharing in the research registry system will help researchers like my constituent.
It will help with research and clinical trials by giving researchers greater access to the patient population with rare cancers like osteosarcoma.
A patient survey in 2024 found that 82% of those with a rare or less common cancer were not offered a clinical trial.
That is why the Bill is important.
The Bill will help to foster an environment in which there can be more research and clinical trials on rare cancers such as osteosarcoma.
For patients like my constituent suffering from t-cell large granular lymphocytic leukaemia, for those diagnosed with the least-understood cancers, and for the researchers trying to find new treatments, the Bill represents a commitment to the fight against rare cancers.
I therefore urge the House to support my hon.
Friend the Member for Edinburgh South West and the Bill today.
Those of us who have lost a friend or a family member to cancer will no doubt have heard them described—often, I think, somewhat unhelpfully—as courageous, but this morning we witnessed the most courageous exposition I have ever heard in my life from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) .
I thank him for the privilege of allowing us to listen to his loving tribute to his brother.
We also heard from a number of Members, including the hon.
Members for Kingswinford and South Staffordshire (Mike Wood), and for Witney (Charlie Maynard), and, most forcefully, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain  McDonagh) , about the pressure of time, and the urgent need to do something to find a cure or treatment for rare cancers.
We have heard a number of moving speeches this morning, but I will allow hon.
Members to relax and recharge their emotional batteries a little bit, because I will address the issue of time, and the practical considerations of how we can turn drug discovery into treatment as speedily as possible.
To do that, I will lift the lid on our drug supply chain and set out the vital role that the NHS can play in it.
There are lessons we can learn from the covid pandemic when it comes to the drug supply chain.
We very quickly developed a vaccine in the UK, in Oxford, but we saw quite quickly that the vaccine was worth nothing until it was in the arms of the population.
Getting that done required a big effort, including in industry.
As we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gravesham (Dr Sullivan) , industry is also important.
The Fujifilm factory in Billingham in my constituency manufactured one of the covid vaccines, and it will shortly turn Billingham into the largest biopharmaceutical manufacturing centre in the UK.
When it was making the vaccine, it found that it had a big problem.
This brings into play another town, just up the River Tees from Billingham, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth) .
Members may have heard of it—it became famous for a particular reason during the pandemic—but they may not be sighted on the reason why I will talk about it, which has more to do with glass than glasses.
Barnard Castle is home to GlaxoSmithKline, which bottled the vaccines.
There was, at the time, a global shortage of bottles for vaccines, and in the UK we have only one glass manufacturer capable of doing that job, although soon there will be another in St Helens.
Hopefully, after that little overview, Members can sense that there is a big industrial supply chain issue that we need to address before we can get treatments to the people who need them most.
In fact, there are a number of researchers working on this area.
I am sure that when we think of research into rare cancers, we think of people in white coats and laboratories in places like Oxford, Cambridge and Imperial, but I urge us to also think about the process operators in Billingham, the bottle fillers in Barnard Castle and the furnace operators in places like Glass Futures in St Helens, who are also working hard on research projects to deliver those treatments.
The second issue that I would like us to consider is the role that the NHS can and must play.
I want to see a transformatively different approach from the NHS in this area.
A month ago in Parliament, I met representatives of Pancreatic Cancer UK, which I know supports the Bill.
They talked to me about pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy, which is a treatment for pancreatic cancer, and about the difficulties in sourcing sufficient quantities of treatment.
We all know from our constituency surgeries that there is the same issue with common drugs; people suffering with other conditions and people who have children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and so on are struggling to get the drugs that they need.
Part of the issue is that we rely so much on imports.
We could be manufacturing these products in the UK.
The NHS is the single biggest purchaser of drugs in the world; it has the market power to demand that production   be centred in the UK.
That would bring clear economic benefits to the UK, but it would also shorten cycle times for innovation, because the researchers and the manufacturers would be close to one another, and it would ensure security of supply in the UK.
It would mean that we could be proud of manufacturing drugs that help to treat people around the world.
It would also fit in with our industrial strategy.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care was talking only yesterday about the importance of life sciences to our industrial strategy, and about their creating British jobs in research and in factories.
I very much thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  for introducing the Bill.
He described his father-in-law as a dignified man; my hon.
Friend gave an incredibly dignified speech, and I am sure that his father-in-law will be very proud.
We look forward to the days when people who suffer from rare cancers are not offered such treatments as breathing into a brown paper bag, as my hon.
Friend described, or taking a paracetamol, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck)  described.
Instead, we should use the power of our NHS and the efficiency of our UK supply chains to turn discoveries into drugs, and trials into lifesaving treatments.