I recently met my constituent Kate, who was diagnosed with lobular breast cancer in 2023.
She explained to me that because almost all breast cancer research is based on the ductal variant, women like her are diagnosed later and often receive treatment oriented towards a cancer with a different biology from lobular cancer.
Those two factors result in higher recurrence and lower survival rates.
Kate has been in remission for more than a year, and has become an advocate for research.
On her behalf, I ask the Minister whether she has met with the Lobular Moon Shot campaigners.
What steps are the Government taking to increase research into the cancer?
What consideration has she given to updating guidelines for the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence to encourage the use of MRIs to diagnose lobular breast cancer earlier?
The moon shot idea is the right one.
In fighting cancer we should set ambitious goals, and we should innovate until we meet them.
Moreover, as the Apollo project shows, research into seemingly narrow things often has spillover effects, producing vast, unanticipated benefits.
That is often true when it comes to orphan drugs.
To take just one example, Gleevec has changed the game, and not just for one rare form of leukaemia; it is now used to treat a range of other cancers and conditions.
The British pharmaceutical development sector is exceptionally strong, and now is a moment of potential.
On genome mapping, artificial intelligence, biotech, immunotherapy and cancer vaccines, the UK is in a position to transform and save lives.
I recognise the limited scope of the Bill, but I believe it to be vital.
This House must take a keen interest in accelerating and incentivising research into rare cancers, including glioblastoma.
This legislation meaningfully advances that goal.
I will speak briefly about young people and children, and specifically a lovely girl called Maddie Cowey.
At the age of 18, Maddie was diagnosed with an alveolar soft part sarcoma.
Sarcoma is an uncommon cancer that can occur anywhere in the body.
All cancers in someone of Maddie’s age are considered rare, but in her case, the classification was ultra-rare.
Partly in consequence, it took five months for her to receive a diagnosis.
Maddie had just started university.
She recalled that at the time it “felt like my life was falling apart.
In many ways it was and it did.
It was a very lonely place.”
Maddie was diagnosed almost 10 years ago now.
There are no approved treatments for Maddie’s type of rare cancer, and she is undergoing a clinical trial.
It is likely that she will remain on treatment for life.
Maddie is amazing; she is brave and she will not let cancer define her.
I bring up her story because cancer in young people is so uncommon that often it is diagnosed later.
Neither medical professionals nor young people expect it, but the later a diagnosis comes, the more likely the  cancer is to be lethal.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the rare cancers afflicting young people are caught earlier?
Finally, I am reminded of something that Emily Dickinson once wrote about hope: “I’ve heard it in the chillest land, and on the strangest sea”.
We must get this right.
We must give sufferers hope.
We owe that to Pip’s family—his wife Claire and his five children—and to Nicola in the Gallery, and her and Ian’s sons Adam and Oliver, and to so many others who have suffered and who are here with us.
I believe that we can.
Through you, Madam Deputy Speaker, I want to apologise to the young black man on the Northern line tube from Colliers Wood this morning for having to spend his journey looking at me sobbing my heart out.
It must have been a very odd experience.
I wanted to say to him, “I am not just sad; I am angry.”
I am angry at the NHS.
I am angry at the MHRA.
I am angry beyond belief at the National Institute for Health Research.
It should be renamed the national institute for something that does not do very much at great public expense.
All these institutions are bedevilled by the desire to carry on doing what they have always done.
It does not get them sacked.
As the former Home Secretary John Reid—Lord Reid—constantly tells me, “Siobhan, nobody ever got sacked for continuing to do the same thing.
You are only sacked if you do something different.”
My God, has this morning not told us that we need to do something different?
We have the tools to do something different, but the people in positions of power and responsibility choose not to.
We have the best health system in the world for potential drug trials—a uniform system with well-trained doctors, great scientists, great universities and great hospitals—but do we do them?
No.
Do we fail people every single day?
Yes.
Do we threaten those doctors who try to do something different?
Let me tell the House, groundbreaking oncologists are looking over their shoulder, waiting for the regulator to come and get them when one of their colleagues grasses them up.
That is the atmosphere in our intellectual and health service institutions.
I could feel sorry for myself and for my loss, but I do not want that; I want things to change.
All of us, from all parties, need to run fast and break things, and provide a challenge to the people running our systems.
We have a drug repurposing project in the most universal health system in the world, so why are we not repurposing drugs for people with rare cancers?
Why is that not being done for glioblastoma?
Why is it that in May, we will open a drug trial at University College London and University College London Hospitals trust in Margaret’s memory to trial one such drug that has been in the system for years?
We organised a dinner with former Prime Minister Tony Blair; some ran marathons; and others sold cakes and scones in beautiful Cornwall villages.
Doing those things gave us a great deal, but why, under our system, do we have to do them?
Why is it that the trial in May, under the amazing Paul Mulholland, will be based in only one trust?
It is because if we had negotiated with all the other hospital trusts that are experts in this field, it would have taken  us two years to get started.
Why are we outstripped by Israel, Spain, America and any number of countries?
It is because we cannot get our act together to start a trial, as each hospital trust is arguing about and seeking to renegotiate every trial and every plan.
This is not new.
The issue was raised by Lord O’Shaughnessy in his great report on clinical trials.
That report is two years old, but we have made no progress.
We made no progress under the former Conservative Government, and we have made no progress under our Government.
The £40 million given to the National Institute for Health and Care Research in 2017 for glioblastoma and brain cancer drug trials has not been spent.
Can any Member of the House explain to me how that is humanly possible?
Do we not have drugs that we could trial?
Yes, of course we do.
Trials are not that complicated; we can do them if we choose to.
We have the doctors to do them.
We need to want to change.
I apologise to the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Lancashire (Ashley Dalton) , because when she came to talk to me in the Tea Room this morning, she got this at a very fast pace.
I have now met four wonderful cancer Ministers, two Conservative and two Labour.
They have all been dedicated, and all wanted to sort this out, but we cannot do this by edict, or by hoping and wishing.
Unless we change things and unless, I dare say, some people are removed, it will never happen.
All the institutions I mentioned continue to exist because they do not do things differently.
Someone diagnosed with a glioblastoma will get the same treatment that they would have got 25 years ago.
They will have their tumour removed.
They will be delighted that it is gone, but it is not gone; it is coming back.
They will be given eight weeks’ radiotherapy.
It is brutal.
It will help them for a while, but the tumour will come back.
Then they get given chemotherapy— the drug is temozolomide, which was approved at the beginning of the 2000s.
It will help, but the tumour will come back.
They have to be able to withstand that drug themselves.
Margaret could not do that.
By March, five months on from her diagnosis, she could not take it; her kidneys collapsed.
What happens then?
We had money and good friends.
At this point, I would like publicly to thank Lord Waheed Alli for the kindness and friendship he showed us through Margaret’s journey.
The treatment that he has experienced from the press is absolutely appalling.
He helped us on our way.
But what about somebody with no money who cannot fundraise?
Their life ends at the chemotherapy.
There is nothing on the NHS, but those lucky enough to have the money can find a way.
I am really grateful that the brother-in-law of  the hon.
Member for Esher and Walton (Monica Harding)  is on the oncotherapy machine.
My sister fundraised for that machine, because we had to go to Dusseldorf to have it, so we brought it here.
It is great that he is receiving much benefit from it.
I know that many other people are, too.
Why is the NHS, which is so risk-averse that it will not allow slightly alternative therapies for cancer, happy for people who are really ill to get on a plane and go to a different country?
Is it because it does not see what happens in another country, so that is okay?
I have told   the stories of holding my sister’s head as she was sick in a bucket in terminal 5 at Heathrow airport, of carrying her on to a plane in the hope that the air stewardess would not see how she was, of lying next to her overnight hoping that she would be alive in the morning, because what was I going to do in a hotel in Germany, where I could not speak that language?
That is my experience, but I am only one of thousands and thousands of people who do this every year, including children, because our system will not allow the use of novel treatments.
Why?
Why can’t we change things?
Why don’t we get up every single day and want to cure something?
I do not know about other hon.
Members, but since I joined the Labour party, and since I became an MP in 1997, I have got up every day and hoped that we could make things better in some way.
I do not understand why our systems do not want to do the same thing.
I want to understand, but it is beyond me.
If there are drugs that could cure or give longer life to people with glioblastoma, why don’t we trial them?
That is not beyond our ability.
We have the money to do it.
If we do not have the money, we will raise it.
We just need the opportunity.
I do not know why we do not have that wish to achieve.
I was given some hope yesterday by the proposed abolition of NHS England, because something needs to change.
I do not know whether that is the right or wrong thing to do, but we need to liberate people to do things.
Let us face it: in the end, only people who are well motivated and willing to take a risk can change things.
Beyond that, people will continue to die, will continue having to go to other countries, will continue having to spend large amounts of money.
People not lucky enough to be in that position will just die prematurely.