The many forms of cancer categorised as rare according to the Bill might each strike a small number of people, but taken together rare cancers make up almost one in five of all cancer diagnoses.
Each incident, each diagnosis, each prognosis has the same devastating impact on families throughout the country, my own being no exception.
My brother-in-law, Group Captain Pip Harding, who was 53, was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma this time last year.
At the time, he was serving in the Royal Air Force with the US Indo-Pacific command, one of his many tours, including in Afghanistan and Iraq.
He was given nine to 12 months to live.
For his wife Claire and his five children, the news changed everything.
In September, I joined Pip, his family and over 400 other loved ones at RAF Benson in Oxfordshire for what was called a “dining out” or farewell ceremony, an event to allow everyone to be together with Pip, potentially for one last time.
You can imagine how difficult, yet how  moving, that was.
A few weeks later, Pip was lucky enough to come across the pioneering brain surgeon Dr Paul Mulholland, who has been trialling a treatment called oncothermia.
This employs radio frequencies to target and heat malignant cancer tumour cells while avoiding healthy cells.
Oncothermia is not currently available on the NHS and each one-hour treatment costs £1,000.
A tumour like Pip’s requires 36 sessions.
For most people, indeed for almost all of us, that kind of money and, consequently, that course of care, is out of reach, but the 400 friends and family who attended Pip’s farewell dinner set up a GoFundMe page, which is now covering the cost of the treatment.
We love Pip, which is why we all put in as much as we could to fund it.
Cancers like this, with a brutal and bleak prognosis, bring people together to fight it.
I want the Government to share that resolve.
Since starting the monthly oncothermia sessions in December, the first MRI scan showed that Pip’s brain tumour had reduced in size from 7 cm to 1.7 cm.
Pip is, thank God, still alive and watching today.
European studies now suggest that oncothermia can extend life for four to five years.
For Pip’s five children, that time is everything.
But that is not the whole of my experience with glioblastoma.
In 2021, my husband John’s best friend Ian died from the disease.
His widow Nicola is in the Gallery.
Almost unbelievably, Nicola’s sister Karen, who had done so much to help Nicola through the loss of Ian, was herself diagnosed with a stage 4 glioblastoma last year and died a few months later.
I know that others in the Chamber and in the Gallery have had their lives touched by glioblastoma, too.
I am sure they will agree that in the past three decades there has been an unacceptable lack of progress made on this disease: a lack of progress in developing new treatments, making them widely accessible and keeping those diagnosed with glioblastoma here with their loved ones.
In the past 50 years, cancer survival rates in the UK have doubled.
Whereas in the 1970s only 25% of those diagnosed were expected to live 10 years, today over half do.
That is a record of staggering success and represents countless lives extended, made richer and fuller, and even saved.
When it comes to glioblastoma, however, there is far less to celebrate.
The chances of living a decade with the disease are one in 100.
The gains in life expectancy over recent decades can be measured in months—precious, yes, but not nearly enough.
Glioblastoma is a rare cancer, but also an exceptionally lethal one.
Brain tumours are the biggest cancer killer of children and of adults under the age of 40, yet in recent years, glioblastoma has been apportioned only around 1% to 2% of UK cancer funding.
In 2018, to honour Dame Tessa Jowell, the Government announced a doubling of funding for research into brain tumours, but six years later, it was widely reported that less than half of the pledged £40 million had actually been spent.
During each of those years, as funding was being delayed and sluggishly deployed, more than 3,000 people in the UK were diagnosed with glioblastomas.
Will the Government update the House on how the remaining funds have been and are being spent?
Will the Minister assure me that as the national cancer plan is developed alongside the NHS 10-year plan, deliberate and specific consideration will be given to glioblastomas?
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency incentivises research on orphan drugs, granting exclusivity for manufacturers and making it cheaper to bring drugs to market once they are developed, but clearly, when it comes to glioblastomas, it has not had adequate success.
I have been to see the MHRA numerous times and have asked about repurposed drugs.
Many pharmaceutical companies are worried about repurposing drugs; the fear is that if glioblastoma research were to affect the main cause for having the drug, that might make the drug less successful.
We have beseeched the MHRA to treat glioblastoma separately.
Would the hon.
Lady support such a move?
I would of course support such a move, and I urge the Government to listen and take action.
Getting it right on glioblastoma is vital.
Despite minor breakthroughs, exciting innovations and apparently promising research leads, for this disease, there has simply not been the improvement in survival rates that most cancers have had.
To put it bluntly, glioblastoma remains a death sentence—an increasingly common one.
In the UK, cancer diagnoses have increased, but although there are some worrying sub-themes, this trend is largely due to increased life expectancy.
However, that is not the case with glioblastoma.
In the past 30 years, rates in the UK have more than doubled.
There has been far more of an uptick than is attributable to us all living longer.
More people are developing this disease, yet we have failed to make meaningful strides on treatment and cures, or even on giving those with glioblastoma a little more time with those dearest to them.
Now is the moment to do something about that.