In a recent written parliamentary question, I asked the Government how many domestic abusers there are in prison and what their reoffending rate is.
Under the system this Government inherited from the Conservatives, they said that “It is not possible to robustly calculate the number”.
That is shocking, and is in part because there is no specific offence of domestic abuse in the law to properly reflect and recognise these crimes.
My Domestic Abuse (Aggravated Offences) Bill would correct that loophole.
When will the Secretary of State honour the commitment she made on “Good Morning Britain” to meet me to discuss my Bill and how we can better protect victims and survivors?
Tackling domestic abuse is a priority for this Government.
The Domestic Abuse Act 2021 sets out a broad statutory definition of domestic abuse, which is improving our understanding of the wide range of behaviours that can constitute this abuse.
While not constituting a stand-alone offence, domestic abuse is considered an aggravating factor routinely throughout our criminal justice system, and rightly so.
That is the reason why that data is not collected, and that is the position we will maintain.
What steps she is taking to improve prison conditions.
The right hon.
Lady is right to raise this issue.
We inherited historic under-investment in maintenance and a rising prison population.
That is why we have already published our 10-year prison capacity  strategy and have plans to invest £220 million in prison and probation service maintenance in ’24-25, and up to £300 million in ’25-26.
I rise as the co-chair of the justice unions parliamentary group.
The emergency extra money to tackle the squalid state of our prisons is welcome, but given the £2 billion maintenance backlog, the reality is that the extra money will not touch the sides.
This shows exactly why the privatisation of prison maintenance is a failed model.
Private contractors may win contracts on low bids, but billions come in as extra cost later.
Does the Minister seriously think that current prison maintenance providers offer good service and value for money to the taxpayer?
The right hon.
Lady is right.
We inherited contracts that were already well progressed; for best value and to move things forward quickly, we decided it was important to keep going with that process.
However, I can assure the House that we have an open mind regarding private and public sector contracts in the future.
The important thing is to get best value for money and get the job done.
Katie Allan was a beautiful and bright young woman, and would have been a constituent of mine but for the fact that, aged 21, she found herself, after a youthful stupid mistake, in Polmont young offenders institution, where she died from suicide.
The fatal incident inquiry recently published into her death and the death of William Brown found that they both might be alive today were it not for a catalogue of errors by the Scottish Prison Service.
The families of those who have lost children in such circumstances are campaigning for Crown immunity to be removed from prisons across Britain, so that there is proper accountability and more young lives are not lost.
Will the Minister meet the families to discuss that proposal?