Yesterday evening, Policy Exchange put into the public domain the Home Secretary’s review into extremism, or at least a version of it.
It contained some deeply concerning proposals that I would like the Minister to directly address.
The report apparently says that the definition of extremism, for the purposes of Prevent and other programmes, could be extended to include the spreading of misinformation, the so-called online “manosphere” and misogyny.
First, does the Minister agree with Prevent reviewer William Shawcross that we need to focus the attention of Prevent and counter-terrorism policing on  those with extremist ideologies and not risk diluting attention with these much wider issues?
Ninety-four per cent of terrorism-caused deaths since 1999 were caused by Islamist terrorism.
Does the Minister agree that combating Islamist terrorism is more important than policing the manosphere?
The wider issues referenced, such as violence against women and girls and more general violence obsession, are, of course, serious.
However, they are best dealt with by the police, the criminal justice system, social services or mental health services, which have the power to section people that pose a risk.
Secondly, will the Minister commit to retaining the changes to non-crime hate incidents made by the last Government?
Police should not be looking into matters or recording personal data where there is no imminent risk of criminality.
To do so would waste police time and infringe freedom of speech.
Any move away from that will enable the thought police to stop anyone telling uncomfortable truths that left-wing lawyers do not like.
Finally, the report the Home Secretary commissioned repeats the Prime Minister’s previous smear that campaigning against rape gangs, which we now know consist of Pakistani-heritage perpetrators, is far-right.
The report also says that commenting on elements of policing policy is extremist and far-right.
That is nonsense.
Campaigning against rape gangs is not extremist or far right, and commenting on policing, whether we agree or not with the comments, is simply the exercise of free speech.
Will the Minister categorically disown those remarks, which were contained in the Home Secretary’s report?
Let me gently remind the shadow Home Secretary that his remarks refer to a leaked report, which, I could not have been clearer, does not and will not represent Government policy.
The work, as I understand it—because it is not entirely clear which version of the report was leaked—did not recommend an expansion in the definition of extremism, and as I said to the House earlier, there are not nor will there be any plans to do so.
The shadow Home Secretary mentioned William Shawcross.
Again, I will gently remind him that this Government have implemented all but one of the recommendations in the Shawcross review.
He also asked about non-hate crime incidents.
Again, the Home Secretary has been very clear about that: a consistent and common-sense approach must be taken with regard to non-hate crime incidents.
The Government have, again, also been crystal clear that our top priority for policing is to deliver on the safer streets mission, rebuild neighbourhood policing, restore public confidence and make progress on the ambition to halve knife crime and violence against women and girls.
I must be careful here, Mr Speaker, because I think you were right to allow this urgent question.
However, can my hon.
Friend the Minister explain just exactly why we are here?
It seems to be— I think I can answer that: it is because I have decided.
We do not need to pursue it any further.
The shadow Home Secretary seems to have come here to ask questions about a document that is not Government policy and to stand there making  indignant statements about issues that are not Government policy either.
Does my hon.
Friend not think that we should be taking a much more level-headed approach to this issue than that which has been displayed by the Conservative party?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his observations, which I entirely agree with.
This Government and Ministers are always happy to come to this place to discuss and debate Government policy.
The leaked report is not Government policy.