Last September, the Secretary of State confirmed that foreign national offenders blocking up our jails were being removed and deported.
Will she update the House on how many have been removed and deported, and does she agree that the fastest way to free up capacity in our prisons is to remove the vast majority of them?
I agree that we need to do everything we can to remove foreign national offenders from our prisons.
Between  5 July 2024  and  4 January 2025 , 2,580 foreign national offenders were returned—a 23% increase on the same period in the previous year—and we are currently on track to remove more foreign national offenders this year than at any time in recent years.
Humanist marriage has been legal in Scotland for 20 years but continues to wait to be legalised in England and Wales.
The Law Commission made recommendations two years ago on clarifying the law, but when asked to set out a timetable for action, the Minister in the other place could only respond, “in the fullness of time.”—[Official
Report, House of Lords,  2 December 2024 ; Vol. 841, c. 910.]
Can the Minister set out the timetable or, alternatively, say when the Government will make an order to end the long wait for humanist marriage?
I understand that humanists have been campaigning for legally binding humanist weddings.
The Government are committed to strengthening the rights and protections available, particularly for women in cohabiting couples.
We will look at the Law Commission’s work and publish our response in due course.
Gambling with Lives is a charity that supports families who have been bereaved by gambling-related suicide.
Jo from Cullompton lost her son Daniel to gambling suicide, and speaks powerfully about it.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that accurate data is recorded for each death linked to gambling?
May I express how sorry I am to hear of the case of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent?
I am happy to write to him—he asks quite a specific question—but it is important that we provide support to all sorts of victims.
That is why we have the victims code, which strengthens the power of the Victims’ Commissioner, but I will write to the hon.
Gentleman on that specific matter.
Last week, the Court of Appeal overturned a first-instance decision regarding the anonymity of a judge who presided over the tragic Sara Sharif case in the family courts.
I do not expect the Minister to comment on individual cases, and it is certainly not about that individual judge, but will the Government use this opportunity to reaffirm our commitment to open justice and press freedom?
As my hon.
Friend rightly says, I cannot comment on that specific case, but we adhere to the principle of open justice and transparency in our legal system.
That is why we have the publication of sentencing remarks and transcripts, and the broadcasting of many of our hearings, so that the public can see exactly how justice in this country is administered.
We know that the Attorney General has recused himself from advising the Government, but he will not tell us what for, and he still refuses to be transparent about potential payments by former clients.
Does the Secretary of State for Justice really not believe that the public have a right to know?
The hon.
Lady should know there are robust processes in place in government to manage conflict of interest, which were in place under the previous Administration as well, but this is not something that any Government Minister will be giving a running commentary on.