As I have said, the Lord Chancellor has requested advice on this matter.
We promote our strong employee total reward package as part of our recruitment.
The terms and conditions of the civil service pension scheme are some of the best in the public sector, with a low employee contribution rate and a significant employer contribution rate of 28.97%.
However, that does not mean it is not a right and proper question to ask, and if the hon.
Member wishes to have a meeting with me, I am quite happy to meet him.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
This Government’s plan to support women is clear and ambitious: to reduce the number of women going to prison and to have fewer women’s prisons.
Our Women’s Justice Board, which met for the first time last week, will support implementing this vision.
I would also remind the House that, as the Minister responsible for youth justice, I have initiated a review of the placement of girls in custody, on which Susannah Hancock will report at the end of this month.
What family support is available for women at Foston Hall prison and young offenders institution?
We know that family support is very important to women in custody, which is why grant funding has been awarded to the charity Parents And Children Together—PACT—to provide a resettlement family engagement worker in HMP Foston Hall, as well as in seven other women’s prisons.
Gaie Delap, the mother of a constituent of mine, was recalled to prison just before Christmas, despite complying with her curfew conditions, because the Government’s electronic monitoring services contractor could not fulfil its contract and find a tag to fit a frail 78-year-old woman.
Can the Minister and the Secretary of State help to find a solution so that Gaie Delap can be released on her curfew, and so that women are not disadvantaged by the failings of the contractor’s electronic monitoring system?