I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing on behalf of her constituents.
I was pleased to be able to discuss these matters with her.
She is absolutely right, and it is crucial that we make progress in this area.
We have committed to introducing that legislation before the summer, and I will, as I promised last week, consult Olivia’s family and the families of other victims for whom non-attendance at sentencing hearings has caused problems.
There are a small number of people who, through due process, appear in court and are convicted, but who decline to come up to the court room for sentencing.
The Secretary of State has indicated her intention to move on this.
Does she agree that the Government need to show a very robust approach, so that people who show disdain and contempt for the rule of law are shown that there is no room for manoeuvre and that they must and will appear in court?
The hon.
Member is right.
It is already expected that defendants will attend sentencing hearings, but we know that some take the opportunity not to face the families of their victims, which causes huge trauma to some of the families.
We will clarify and put on a statutory footing the expectation of attendance at sentencing hearings, along with sanctions for dealing with offenders who still, despite being compelled to attend court—even through the use of reasonable force—seek to disrupt hearings.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle hyper-prolific offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle hyper-prolific offenders.
The Government have inherited a situation where 10% of offenders account for 50% of all offences.
We have also inherited an epidemic of shoplifting, the kind of antisocial crime that blights communities.
I have commissioned David Gauke to review how sentences could be reformed to address prolific offending, reduce reoffending, cut crime and ultimately make our streets safer.
I believe in second chances, and perhaps even more chances in some cases, but the excellent Policy Exchange report, “The ‘Wicked and the Redeemable’: A Long-Term Plan to Fix a Criminal Justice System in Crisis” found that hyper-prolific offenders—those with more than 45 previous convictions—are sent to prison on fewer than half of the occasions on which they are convicted of a subsequent indictable or either-way offence.
Given that those people commit such high numbers of crimes, which usually affect our least affluent constituents, what consideration have the Government given to the   report’s recommendations, particularly on introducing a mandatory two-year sentence for hyper-prolific offenders who are convicted of a subsequent indictable or either-way offence?
The right hon.
Member raises an important point about an issue that blights communities across the country.
I agree that we need a specific strategy for dealing with prolific offenders.
Of course, different organisations use different definitions of what counts as a prolific offender or hyper-prolific offender, and that is why I have asked David Gauke to look specifically at this cohort of offenders in the independent sentencing review.
The revolving door of prison and other types of sentences for them is clearly not having an impact.
We must think about the interventions that will make the biggest difference to the largest number of those offenders, so that we can cut crime and have fewer victims.
The Lord Chancellor rightly says that less than 10% of criminals account for nearly half of crime.
I understand that a sentencing review is under way, but any decisions are for Ministers to make.
Will the right hon.
Lady please rule out here and now any possibility of allowing career criminals to avoid prison, even for short sentences?
The hon.
Member will know that I am not going to pre-empt any of the findings of the sentencing review.
The point of having an independent review is to allow for a look at all the issues in the round.
I have made it clear that I am particularly concerned about the people who she rightly terms career criminals, and I am particularly keen to think about the interventions that could make the biggest difference, so that we can reduce this blight on our communities.
That is a clear statement of intent from the Government, showing how seriously we take prolific offending, but the measures that we choose to take forward will be clearer once the sentencing review has reported.