What steps she is taking to increase public confidence in the justice system.
The last Government gave the public plenty of reasons to lose confidence in the justice system, including a rising courts backlog and prisons on the edge of collapse.
We have already averted a crisis in our prisons, and have raised Crown court capacity to a 10-year high.
We are now embarking on reform of our courts and our prisons.
The work of restoring confidence in the justice system has started.
It will, of course, take some time.
Jason Hoganson was wrongly released under the Government’s early release scheme.
Last week, he was convicted of assaulting his ex-partner just a day after he was freed under that botched scheme.
Does the  Secretary of State agree that this shocking case, and cases like it, continue to undermine the public’s trust and confidence in our justice system?
What undermines confidence in the justice system is running out of prison places, which is the inheritance the Conservative Government left for this Government.
That is the mess that we are cleaning up.
The hon.
Gentleman will also be aware that the previous Government’s end-of-custody supervised licence scheme was also an early release scheme, but without any of the measures on accountability and transparency, or the wider set of exclusions, that that we introduced with the SDS40 scheme.
On Friday, I met my constituent Hayley Johns.
She has given me permission to share her story in this place.
Hayley was a victim of domestic abuse and actual bodily harm perpetrated by an ex-partner.
I was absolutely shocked to hear her story.
Her ex-partner was convicted for three years for his crimes.
However, he is being considered for release after serving just three months.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that given the legacy of the previous Government, we need to redouble our efforts, and the efforts of this Government, to improve confidence in the criminal justice system?
Can I please ask her to take a personal interest in this case?
I will happily look at the facts of the case.
Some of those numbers do not sound like they should be possible, but that could be down to specific factors relating to that case.
If my hon.
Friend writes to me with the details, I will make sure he has a full response.