My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I hope the House knows that it is always my default setting—if you want to put it that way—to try to work collaboratively with Members across this House.
I give my hon.
Friend and the House an absolute assurance of the seriousness with which we take these matters.
I think Members will understand that it is right  to commission civil servants to look very carefully at the profound nature of the threat that we face, and to bring forward policy suggestions and solutions for how we as a Government are best placed to address them.
That is what is happening, but this Government will always do the right thing to ensure that we protect the public.
We have to tread very carefully when we enter into this territory.
The leaking of this report has already raised alarm bells with a number of different groups, and has given the right another opportunity to spread division and further disinformation.
What reassurances can the Minister give campaign groups, environmentalists and those who have taken up campaigns that they will not be included when he finally brings forward his plans in the future?
I am happy to give the hon.
Gentleman an assurance that this Government will always approach these matters in a level-headed and consensual way.
It is the case that previous Governments sought to use these issues as a political football.
indicated dissent.
It is the case that previous Governments were, on occasion, motivated as much by a desire to score political points.
That will never be the approach of this Government.
We are motivated only by a desire to protect the public.
I echo the concerns raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray) .
Just this weekend in my own constituency, we had an incident in our community with young people and knives.
Although I cannot comment on that particular incident, I am extremely concerned about the availability of knives, particularly to our young people.
Does the Minister agree that the sale of knives is too easy, particularly online, and can he tell me and my constituents what the Government are doing to restrict that availability and the fear it spreads in our communities?
The Government share my hon.
Friend’s concern about the availability of knives online.
That is why—as I said to another hon.
Member a moment ago—just this weekend, the Home Secretary announced stricter age verification checks and a ban on doorstep drops, in order to better protect people from knife crime.
We will do everything that we possibly can, working with online retailers and the police, to ensure that the availability of knives is very significantly reduced in order to protect the public.
The repudiation of the contents of this report is a step back from thought crime, but the danger remains of two steps towards it.
Is it not outrageous when individuals are harassed by the police when they have not broken the law?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right in the sense that, of course, the police should and will be guided by the law.
As an experienced Member, I am sure he will have worked very closely with the police over many years.
My experience of working closely with the  police is that they make the right judgments for the right reasons, but where there are issues that require further attention, the Government will of course look at those matters.
It seems that advice to Ministers on national security issues has been leaked to a former Tory special adviser, and as a result of that leak the Security Minister has been summoned to the Chamber to answer questions, even though the leak does not represent Government policy and the Minister has made it clear that the advice has been rejected.
Does he agree that this sets a dangerous precedent and may encourage more disgruntled individuals to commit politically motivated leaks, and that it shows that His Majesty’s official Opposition are sadly sinking into the mire of populism, which can only undermine our national security and, indeed, our democracy in the future?
As I hope I have made crystal clear, I am always happy to come to this House to debate and discuss matters relating to national security.
I will do that whenever the House wishes me to do so, but on this particular occasion—as I think I have also been crystal clear about—this leak is about something that does not represent Government policy.
There is no place for extremism in our society or country, from anyone.
Prevent unfairly associates certain ethnic minorities and religious groups with extremism, and the programme’s vague definition of extremism has led to inconsistent implementation, with concerns about overreach.
What steps are the Government taking to address the discrimination and failings in the Prevent programme and make it impartial and effective, to prevent extremism and violence across all of society?
The hon.
Member is right to say that there is no place for extremism in this country—of course that is the case—but I do not agree with his characterisation of the Prevent programme.
That programme consists of some extremely dedicated and hard-working public servants, but the hon.
Member will know that the Home Secretary has announced the appointment of an interim Prevent commissioner, Lord Anderson.
He will be looking very closely at how the Prevent programme works and how it can be made to work more effectively in the future.
When tackling extremism—whether violent or non-violent—is the Security Minister satisfied that the current division of labour between counter-terrorism policing and the security service is understood well enough by those two organisations, and is delivering and working well?
I am always very grateful to the right hon.
Member—he speaks with real experience and authority on these matters, and he raises an important and reasonable question.
Yes, I am happy to give him that assurance; I work incredibly closely with both counter-terrorism police and operational partners on a daily basis.
Of course, we look at these things very closely and keep  them under review, and if we think that we need to change the balance in any particular area, we will not hesitate to do so.
If the Security Minister thinks that there is not two-tier policing in this country, then quite frankly, he needs to get out more.
This report states that anybody who calls out two-tier policing is a far-right extremist and that grooming and rape gangs are an “alleged” problem.
Does the Minister agree?
The point I was seeking to make earlier, which I am happy to reiterate to the hon.
Member, is about the importance that we on the Labour Benches attach to supporting the police.
We think that the police do an incredibly difficult job, and while the hon.
Member might think that I need to get out a bit more, perhaps he might consider spending a bit of time with police officers on the beat in his constituency and in his area.
If he were to do so, I am quite confident that he would see that they are exceptional people doing difficult work under difficult circumstances.
There is a real risk that seeking to progress this narrative undermines the important work of the police.
It is good to see the Minister at the Dispatch Box to distance himself from the conclusions of a report commissioned by his Department, but reports do not leak themselves.
Why does he think that whoever leaked this does not agree with him that there is “Nothing to see here”?
Ultimately, that is a matter for the leaker, but as I have said, it is standard procedure in circumstances such as this for the Cabinet Office to initiate a leak inquiry.
I think that would be the right course of action under these circumstances, so if I were the leaker, I would not be too comfortable at the moment.
In drawing up a policy, the Minister needs to consult with representatives of all communities, particularly those suffering the worst attacks by the far right in Britain, so can he assure us that he will be meeting the Muslim Council of Britain and other Muslim organisations, and that the policy of non-co-operation with the MCB has been brought to an end, despite statements by his office that there was no plan to do so?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the Government have a responsibility to consult with all communities.
Of course, that work is shared across Government, which is why we work very closely with other Departments, not least the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, which is progressing its own bits of work on all this.
On his specific point about liaison, there is not a change to the Government policy with regard to that.
Can the Minister explain why the review appears to focus on the symptoms of extremism rather than its underlying root causes?
Can he assure the House that that mindset is not directing policy in the Home Office?
I can assure the hon.
Member that the mindset that directs policy in the Home Office is what the Home Secretary
and I think is in our national interest.
The Home Secretary and I will use every tool and every lever at our disposal to ensure we keep the public safe.
That is what we get out of bed every morning to do, and that is what we will continue to do.
I trust the Minister will agree that terrorism in all its forms is always deserving only of punishment and repudiation, never of glorification, particularly by political leaders.
Does he therefore agree that it is beyond reprehensible that the First Minister of Northern Ireland, Michelle O’Neill, continues to attend IRA celebrations of the actions of IRA terrorists?
Just before Christmas, she laid a wreath and spoke at the commemoration for three IRA terrorists who blew themselves up with their own bomb.
What message does that send on extremism to future generations?
I hope the hon.
and learned Member will understand that I do not think that it would be appropriate for me to delve into matters in Northern Ireland in the context of this response.
But his remarks at the beginning of his question about there never being an excuse or justification for terrorism are a point of consensus around which we can all unite.
The Security Minister recently told me that it remains Government policy not to engage with the Muslim Council of Britain.
Last week, the Minister for Social Security and Disability attended the MCB annual leadership dinner.
Did that Minister breach Government policy, or is engagement with the MCB now tolerated after all?
The hon.
Member asked me a question previously at Home Office orals, specifically in the context of engagement by the Home Secretary and her Ministers.
Answer the question!
The shadow Home Secretary is chuntering from a sedentary position, but I was literally shown the Hansard transcript before this urgent question.
[Interruption.]
If he will allow me, I will respond to the question.
The hon.
Member asked me previously about engagement with the Home Secretary and Home Office Ministers.
I clearly cannot account from the Dispatch  Box for other Ministers’ activities.
However, I am happy to look at the circumstances he has raised.
I am happy to confirm to him that Government policy has not changed, and if there are specific points I need to come back to him on, I am very happy to do so.
Extreme misogyny associated with far-right ideology is a major factor in extremism.
It should be dealt with, to counteract the one women killed every three days in this country, and to ensure that the horrendous Southport killings, the five killings by Jake Davison in Plymouth and the 51 massacred in Christchurch, New Zealand do not happen again.
No one wants violence—ideological or political.
Does the Minister agree that our obsession with focusing solely on Islamism has left repeated Governments blindsided to real threats facing us from elsewhere?
The hon.
Member is right to say that extreme misogyny is, frankly, a disgusting blight on our country.
That is why this Government made a manifesto commitment to halve the levels of violence against women and girls.
It is an ambitious commitment that has not been made previously.
As I told the House earlier, the Home Secretary and the Safeguarding Minister are working at pace to seek to address these issues.
It is a big priority for the Government, and we intend to make good on the commitments we have made.