We certainly do not wish to reduce capacity.
I can confirm that we contract with local authorities’ secure children’s homes, and place children there.
In 2010 we contracted for 191 beds, and currently we contract for 103.
That correlates with a decrease in the number of young people in custody, mostly over the period when the Conservatives were in government.
We do not currently intend to reduce overall capacity in the youth custody service estate, which comprises young offender institutions, secure  training centres, secure school and SCH beds.
However, we are recommissioning secure children’s home places, and cannot predetermine the outcome of that exercise, but I assure my hon.
Friend that we will not run out of space.
December’s annual report on prison capacity stated that of the 88,400 prison places available, 97% are occupied, and it estimated that by 2032 we will have a prison capacity of around 99,000, but the central estimate of the number of prisoners stands at 104,100.
What will this Government do to ensure that everyone who commits a crime worthy of prison is sent to prison?
I assure my hon.
Friend that that will be the case.
People who commit a crime worthy of prison will be sent to prison.
As we have assured the House, we have plans to build 14,000 new prison places, as set out in our 10-year capacity strategy.
In six months we have added 500 prison places.
It took 14 years for the Conservatives to do that.
We have also launched an independent sentencing review, so that we never run out of places again.
Taken together, these measures will ensure that the country does not have more prisoners than we have space for in our prisons.
On building capacity, armed forces veterans concern me and many in this Chamber.
They often live with post-traumatic stress disorder and have emotional memories and nightmares of what they have done in uniform for this country.
What extra can be done to better look after our veterans in prison?
They fight with demons every day.
We have to look after them.
The armed forces covenant affects us all.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service ensures that veterans’ issues are properly addressed with the individuals concerned, to give them the proper support that they need.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
This Government are committed to supporting victims and survivors of violence against women and girls.
These are abhorrent crimes.
We are therefore funding the rape and sexual abuse support fund to the tune of £26 million, as well as funding independent domestic and sexual violence advocates.
We are also strengthening the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner to improve accountability where those victims’ needs are not being met.
A constituent of mine from Somerset was seriously sexually assaulted in another county more than two years ago.
Despite reporting the assault in 2022, she has been given a court date in December 2025.
She told me that the legal process, involving both the courts and the relevant police service, has been more traumatising than the incident itself.
What better support can we offer women who find themselves stuck in these processes for such lengths of time?
I am terribly sorry to hear about this case.
We know that such cases are not isolated, which is why this Government are bearing down on the Crown court backlog; we are increasing the number of Crown court sitting days and increasing magistrates’ sentencing powers to free up capacity in the Crown court, so that we can get swifter justice for victims.
We are also investing in the victim transformation programme, through the Crown Prosecution Service, to provide precisely the kind of support that would benefit the hon.
Lady’s constituent, keep her engaged in the process, and bring those trial dates forward.
It has been revealed that just 4% of rape and sexual offences reported to Lancashire police in the past year resulted in a charge or summons.
What steps will the Ministry take to restore confidence in the criminal justice system for my constituents?
My hon.
Friend will know that this Government have a landmark ambition to halve violence against women and girls, and the criminal justice system has an important part to play in that.
While setting that priority, whether it is for the CPS or our police, we want to drive charging decisions and drive up the conviction rate.
Providing swifter justice for victims is going to require once-in-a-generation reform to bring down the Crown court backlog.