The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to help reduce the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce the backlog of cases in the Crown court.
When her Department expects the Crown court backlog to decrease.
The last Government left us with a record and rising backlog.
Cases are taking years to be heard, and the number of victims dropping out at police stage has nearly doubled.
We have taken steps to deliver swifter justice by increasing sitting days to a 10-year high and extending magistrates courts’ sentencing powers, but we must go further.
That is why I have commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to conduct a review of the courts, asking him to propose once-in-a-generation reform.
We all want justice to be served as quickly as possible, and many of my constituents have contacted me recently with concerns about law and order.
Given the various media reports about unused capacity in courts up and down the country, what is the Secretary of State’s Department doing to ensure that every aspect of the justice system is working efficiently and at full capacity?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and I share his concerns and those of his constituents—indeed, I see many such cases in my own constituency advice surgeries.
We are working at pace to ensure that every bit of the criminal justice system is working at its maximum efficient capacity.
That includes everything from police stage right through to sentencing in the courts.
I am sure that he will be aware of the very strained situation we inherited.
It will take some time for those changes to take effect, but we are driving forward system efficiency, and Sir Brian Leveson’s review will give us a policy package with which to reform the system for the benefit of all victims.
Constituents across Bromsgrove and the villages are sick and tired of violent criminality and lawlessness creeping over the border from Birmingham into our constituency.
In the past year, Romsley Co-op and Wythall post office at Drakes Cross—both of which are on the northern fringe of my constituency—have been raided, and it is hard to believe that proximity to Birmingham is not a factor in that.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that prosecutions are pursued and custodial sentences are given in the first instance, to crack down on crime and make our area safe again?
Through our landmark review of sentencing, this Government are ensuring that sentencing is fit for purpose.
That will ultimately put us in a position where we can crack down on reoffending, thereby cutting crime and the number of victims.
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is proposing carving out his part of the world from any other part of the country, but his argument about boundaries can apply to any part of the UK.
That is why we need a functioning justice system for the whole of England and Wales, and that is what this Government are going to deliver.
The Justice Secretary has said that she agrees with the old legal maxim that justice delayed is justice denied.
We currently have a record backlog of 73,000 in the Crown courts; rape cases are not being prosecuted for three or four years; and, in particular, on any one day 25% of cases do not take place, for a variety of reasons.
What is the Justice Secretary doing to speed up the whole system?
I agree with the Chair of the Public Accounts Committee that the backlog is far too high.
He will know that, no matter what we do in terms of system efficiency and capacity, that backlog is projected to rise, because the demand coming into the system is particularly high and is itself rising.
That is why I have asked Sir Brian Leveson to consider once-in-a-generation policy reform, so that we can make the legislative changes necessary to bring the backlog down.
That is the change that is required, alongside system-wide efficiency and productivity.