My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
Over the weekend, the Home Secretary announced stricter age verification checks and a ban on doorstep drops to protect people from knife crime.
These measures are set to be included in the Crime and Policing Bill, which is expected to be introduced to Parliament by the spring.
Under these new rules, a two-step system will be mandated for all retailers selling knives online, requiring customers to submit photo ID at the point of sale and again on delivery.
Delivery companies will only be able to deliver a bladed article to the person who purchased it, and it will also be illegal to leave a package containing a bladed weapon on a doorstep when no one is in to receive it.
In the early years of Margaret Thatcher’s Government, Lord Scarman was commissioned to write a report on what were—they did not use this phrase at the time—concerns among the black community about two-tier policing.
In response to those concerns, the police listened, changed their procedures, and engaged in consultative work with those communities, so why is it that when communities complain about two-tier policing under this Government, they are branded far-right extremists?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have worked throughout his time with our police forces—not just as former Home Secretary, in that great office of state, but elsewhere—and I very much hope that he shares the admiration and respect— Answer the question.
I am answering the question.
I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman shares the admiration and respect that we on these Benches have for the incredibly difficult and challenging work that the police do.
I have to say that those who seek to progress a narrative of two-tier policing do no favours to our police forces.
All they seek to do is make it more difficult for those extraordinary men and women who step forward to serve in our police force to do a very important job.
In all the commentary overnight on this leaked advice, I was struck by one comment from the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , that was reported on GB News.
He said: “Of course violence against women and girls and some of the other issues raised in this report… warrant attention by the police” —“warrant attention”?
Is it any wonder that sexual violence was allowed to become endemic under the previous Government and that the best a previous Home Office Minister could say is that it warrants attention?
The shadow Justice Secretary was a Home Office Minister for a considerable period of time.
It might be worthwhile if he reflects on the record of his Government while he was a Minister.
So this report that has just been leaked was commissioned by the Home Secretary after the Southport horrors last July.
The truth is that it has come out and all the recommendations have basically been immediately written off by the Home Secretary.
Does that not confirm that the people in her Department are completely out of touch with her wishes and those of the British people?
Not at all.
The hon.
Member is simply not correct.
This work was being progressed before the dreadful incident in Southport.
I am sure, and I certainly hope, that he will appreciate that Secretaries of State will routinely commission advice from civil servants.
Some of the recommendations of that advice will be accepted and agreed; some will not, but it is routine practice in government to ask civil servants to look very closely at particular issues.
Ultimately, it is for Ministers to decide, and Ministers will decide.
As interesting as it sounds, I have no idea what a “manosphere” is.
As far as I am concerned, the only real question that the Security Minister needs to answer is what action the Government are taking to ensure this kind of disgraceful, politically motivated leak to a former Tory adviser cannot happen again, especially on issues of national security.
We proudly have an impartial civil service, so will he ask the Cabinet Secretary to order an immediate leak inquiry and put on gardening leave those Tory advisers and civil servants who are still working in Downing Street and those who are regarded as close associates of Andrew Gilligan?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his helpful point.
It is standard procedure in circumstances such as these that the Cabinet Secretary orders a leak inquiry, and that would be the right way to proceed under these circumstances.
In Keighley, we have seen how labelling legitimate concerns around grooming gangs as far-right has distorted conversations, silenced victims and inadvertently given space to bad faith actors.
It is therefore incredibly concerning to see this report written by Home Office officials using similar language, calling grooming gangs an “alleged” problem and once again framing this issue through the lens of the far right rather than the eyes of victims.
Does the Minister agree with the language used in the report around grooming gangs?
If not, how can he, or the Home Secretary, have faith in the Home Office officials?
The hon.
Member has been consistent in raising his concerns in this particular area.
I hope he will understand that I was clear earlier that many documents are produced across Government as part of commission work that are not implemented and that do not constitute Government policy.
To be absolutely clear with him, this is a leaked document, but the work did not recommend an expansion in the extremism definition.
These are not Government plans; this is not Government policy.
If the Conservatives now consider it okay for public servants to leak documents relating to national security, I hope they will not object if we see leaks on matters relating to their time in  charge, such as the risks arising from Russian donors to the Tory party and to our great country—whatever happened to British values?
Does the Security Minister agree— Order.
Mr Shelbrooke, your voice has continued even though I don’t see as much of you these days.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—I am not surprised Conservative Members are wound up by that.
Does the Security Minister agree that at least one party in this House needs to behave within our values when it comes to security, and that security leaks are wrong?
All leaks are wrong, but let me take this opportunity to say that I am actually very proud of the civil servants in the Home Office, who work extremely hard day in, day out to keep our country safe from a diverse range of threats.
A number of Conservative Members here have worked in the Home Office, and I very much hope that they share my view that we should be extremely grateful to those civil servants who work around the clock to keep our country safe, and I am grateful for their efforts.
The horrendous events in Southport show that people who do not fit the profile of Islamist or far-right extremism can still present serious risk.
Does the Minister agree that there is a real danger in the promotion of misogyny and opposition to feminism online and that to combat the scourge of violence against women and girls, which sees one woman murdered almost every three days in the UK, the Government must take misogyny seriously as a form of extremism?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady.
She makes an incredibly important point, and hopefully she will know and understand how seriously this Government take those issues.
We made an ambitious manifesto commitment to halve violence against women and girls over 10 years.
That is something that, as Ministers in the Home Office with the Home Secretary and the Safeguarding Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , we are working at pace to address.
We take these matters very seriously, and she is absolutely right to identify the particular challenges that exist online.
The Safeguarding Minister will have more to say about this in due course.
I am grateful to the Security Minister for his words today.
He has successfully exposed the reports about the leak as the nonsense they are.
But there are serious issues here, including around how we respond to the rising level of youth violence and extremism and the increasing availability of online material that fuels that obsession with violence and death.
Will he tell us how the intelligence services are approaching this challenge and what more the Government can do to stop young people disappearing into this dangerous abyss?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary have both recently referred to this, including during their statements on  21 February .
She is right that there has been a troubling rise in the number of cases involving  youth men, boys and teenagers who are being drawn into extremism.
As I said to the House earlier, that includes a range of different areas, including Islamist and far-right extremism, but also there is a particularly concerning rise in those drawn into what is referred to as mixed and confused ideology, and those young men and boys who have an obsession with violence.
This threat is not unique to the United Kingdom; it is being experienced internationally, but I assure her that the intelligence services and our law enforcement partners are working with Government at pace, along with our international partners, to look at what more we can do in this particular area.
May I first echo the Minister’s point that we should be grateful to those civil servants who are working night and day to protect us from terrorist threats?
I suppose we should also be grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for denouncing the document, which certainly emanated from his Department, without making any personal criticism of those civil servants.
But does that document not demonstrate that a large body of opinion has completely lost its way on how we deal with extremism and terrorist threats?
I urge him to encourage the Department to return to what Prevent is intended to achieve and not get distracted by all this political correctness, given that most of the country have no idea what a “non-hate crime incident” is.
We need to return to proper language that people understand, or the Government themselves will be driving people’s disillusion and despair about these matters.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman, as always, for his observations, and for his point about civil servants.
He talks about political correctness; having served together in the House over many years, I hope he knows the Home Secretary and me well.
Fundamentally, this must be about the threat.
We will leave no stone unturned to ensure that we have the appropriate level of resource in the right place at the right time, so that the ever-evolving and complex nature of the threat we face—both in the United Kingdom and abroad—is appropriately addressed by our law enforcement agencies.
I give the hon.
Gentleman a categorical assurance that we will continue to work around the clock to ensure that we protect the public.