Confidence in the criminal justice system can be achieved only if support for victims and survivors is adequately funded, but charities such as Victim Support, whose services I have personally benefited from, have said that for them, the hike in employers’ national insurance contributions amounts to a real-terms budget cut of 7%.
Victims need more support, not less.
Will the Secretary of State fight to reverse that damaging cut and help restore victims’ confidence in the criminal justice system?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware of the difficult fiscal inheritance for this Government, and that we have had to make some difficult choices.
We received a good settlement from the Treasury at the last Budget, but it is not without its challenges, given the high demand in our system.
He will know that we have protected funding for victims of violence against women and girls, including rape and sexual offences.
We have sought to protect the most vulnerable victims when making decisions on our victims funding packages.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure that people convicted of charges related to grooming gangs receive adequate sentences.
The right hon.
Member raises a very important point on these heinous gangs and the crimes that they commit.
The 20 recommendations made by Alexis Jay in her independent inquiry on child sexual abuse were ignored for far too long.
The Government are working at pace to respond to them.
We will also legislate to make grooming an aggravating factor in the sentencing of child sexual offences, ensuring that the punishment fits these horrific crimes.
As in Bradford last week, where more of the grooming gangsters, largely of Pakistani origin, who raped white girls there and elsewhere were sentenced, the paucity of the Home Secretary’s audit, whereby authorities mark their own homework, was made clear.
Will the Justice Secretary agree to a wide-ranging review of these matters with statutory powers?
Surely those whose lives have been ruined, and those whose lives may yet be ruined, deserve more than the weak reticence of people with power who refuse to face the facts.
I hope that the right hon.
Gentleman and I have a shared objective in making it clear that there is a desire in all parts of the House to ensure that we face the full facts and that the victims of these heinous crimes receive the justice they deserve.
I am sorry to hear that there are concerns in Bradford about the audit ordered by the Home Secretary; I will ensure that they are passed on to the Home Secretary, because, as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, these matters fall directly within the purview of the Home Department.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the youth justice system in preventing reoffending.
The number of children in custody has fallen significantly over the last decade, but those who are detained are now a more complex and violent cohort.
Our turnaround programme provides funds that enable youth offending teams to intervene early to address child offending.
Only 5% of children who completed such interventions received convictions in the first year of the programme, but we are continuing to take stock of what more can be done.
Last week, tragically, 12-year-old Leo Ross was stabbed to death in Birmingham as he was returning home from school.
His 14-year-old killer had been arrested several times for violent offences in the months running up to the killing.
Can the Minister tell me what the Government are doing to reform the youth justice system to address and prevent the knife crime among our young people that is resulting in terrible tragedies like the one we saw last week?
I am deeply saddened by this tragic crime, and my thoughts and, I am sure, those of everyone else go to the family of Leo Ross.
Such horrific events underline just how important it is to deliver our manifesto commitment to ensure that every young person caught in possession of a knife is referred to a youth offending team and that appropriate action is taken.
We   are also piloting a new, more robust form of community punishment for children, involving mandatory GPS monitoring and intensive supervision.
What steps she is taking to reduce processing times for deputyship applications by the Court of Protection.
Applications for deputyship to the Court of Protection play a vital role when people need to be able to make decisions for loved ones who lack capacity.
It is important to support those people through prompt and efficient processes.
His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service has been implementing an improvement plan, driving down waiting times by recruiting more staff, enhancing judicial capacity, digitising application forms, and implementing a new case management system.
One of my constituents has contacted me to ask why he has been waiting nine long months for a decision from the Court of Protection on his deputyship application.
He needs to secure the deputyship in order to make crucial decisions for a vulnerable loved one.
Another constituent, in a similar position, waited for two months without any acknowledgement that his application was being looked into.
Their experiences are not unique; solicitors and judges alike acknowledge the systemic delays plaguing the system.
Does the Minister agree that such long delays in processing times are unacceptable, and what does she think is acceptable?
I agree with the hon.
Lady that such delays are not acceptable, and I am sorry to hear of the distress that this will have caused.
It is right that we continue to invest in our improvement plan and continue to see progress with digitisation.
Digitising the application forms is a first step, but we want to see end-to-end digitisation, which we know is resulting in decent progress and has sped up those times over recent months.
There is more to do, and we shall do it.
What steps her Department is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
As I have said, the Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
It is an important ambition, and the criminal justice system has a vital role to play in it.
In November, we launched a pilot promoting domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas, and we have ambitions to roll that out further.
We will also introduce independent legal advisers for adult rape victims, ensuring that victims have the legal support that they need and deserve.
Last week, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner found that just 5% of reported domestic abuse results in a conviction.
Does the Minister share my concerns that lengthy investigations into non-crime hate incidents are potentially diverting vital resources from the criminal justice system and from prosecuting actual violence against women and girls?
The hon.
Member is right to remark on the low charging and conviction rates for domestic abuse.
We have an ambition to drive those up.
That is why we are putting more funding and more prioritisation into this area and calling on our agencies, whether it is the police or the Crown Prosecution Service, to really focus on it, because right now we are not doing enough for women and girls.
The tragic reality for many women who suffer domestic abuse and then have to go through family court proceedings on top of it is that the presumption of parental contact provides another opportunity for perpetrators of domestic abuse to prolong it.
The Government are rightly reviewing this.
Will Ministers ensure that we make the most of this opportunity to better protect women who suffer domestic abuse through the family court system?
My hon.
Friend is right to make that point.
Our family courts should never become sites of retraumatisation for victims of domestic abuse.
We are reviewing the presumption, and when we are ready, we will publish the findings and our policy response to that review.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government inherited a record and rising Crown court backlog and prisons on the point of collapse, serving as breeding grounds for crime that create better criminals, not better citizens.
The work of restoring safer streets in this country will be long and hard, but we are taking immediate action.
Since the last Justice orals, we have increased the number of sitting days in the Crown court by 2,000 this financial year and boosted criminal legal aid by up to £92 million a year to get cases moving through the courts more quickly.
We have published a 10-year prison capacity strategy, setting out plans to build 14,000 new prison places to ensure we always have the space to lock up dangerous criminals.
We launched the Women’s Justice Board, with one clear goal: to send fewer women to prison.
We are doing what it takes to deliver swifter justice for victims and punishment that cuts crime.
Ministers have talked quite a bit today about expanded powers for magistrates courts.
Could the Secretary of State tell me what additional funding is being made available and what training there will be for magistrates to assist them with this expanded role?
The changes in relation to magistrates court sentencing powers were made by the previous Government due to prison capacity issues, and they were working well.
We have restored those same powers, so I do not think those issues around training are necessarily engaged.
However, we will ensure that legal advisers and the full package of measures that magistrates need to fulfil their obligations are in place.
What support has the Ministry of Justice put in place for those serving indeterminate sentences for public protection, especially where they have additional needs?
It is right that IPP sentences were abolished.
Last week, I hosted a roundtable for MPs to discuss their concerns about IPP sentences and share the work the Department is doing.
The Prisons Minister in the other place hosted a similar roundtable for peers.
We are determined to make further progress towards a safe and sustainable release for those serving IPP sentences, while recognising that at all times public protection is paramount.