Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding constituent from my district, Darletta Berry-Johnson--the founding and only Executive Director of the Ivins Outreach Center, headquartered in Morrisville, Pennsylvania.
In 2023, Ivins is celebrating its twentieth anniversary in operation.
The mission of Ivins ``strives to improve the quality of life for those within our neighboring communities, providing opportunities for them to be healthy, confident, connected, and secure, regardless of age, income, or background.''
Their goal is ``to create a community that is stronger, healthier, more involved, more generous, and more accepting Darletta has been the driving force and inspiration of Ivins' farreaching success in making a significant difference in the lives of tens of thousands of individuals, young and old alike, in, around, and beyond Bucks County--an area I proudly serve and represent.
In supervising and leading a small group of dedicated part-time staff members and scores of community volunteers, a sampling of Darletta's efforts has resulted in: Services to senior citizens such as Ivins' Staying Put and Home Share programs that enable folks to remain in their homes despite illness, disabilities, food insecurities, safety concerns, lack of transportation, and a host of other physical and social issues.
Services to an annual enrollment of upwards of 3,000 youth through oversight and administration of 21st Community Learning Center Grants that provide after-school social and academic support, and summer employment and enrichment camps for students in the school districts of Morrisville Borough, Bristol Borough, Bensalem Township, Bucks County Technical High School, and the non-public Holy Trinity, St. Marks, and St. Ephrem elementary schools, and Conwell-Egan High School.
Covid Relief through Darletta's collaboration with the United Way, Lower Bucks Chamber of Commerce, area grocery stores, houses of worship, and local law enforcement agencies in providing meals for families and individuals in addressing grocery shopping, transportation needs, providing holiday experiences for the less fortunate of all ages, and shelter for the young, the homeless, the abused, and senior citizens.
Coordinating efforts to support law enforcement agencies by securing a COPS (Community Oriented Policing Services) grant through the United States Department of Justice for the Borough of Morrisville; successful submission of COPS grant applications for Falls Township and Bensalem Township police departments; and a submitted application along with the Bristol Borough Police Department to fund a School Safety Officer.
Leadership roles have included, but not limited to: Pennsylvania Department of Education Advisory Board, Bucks County Children & Youth Advisory Board, Established Morrisville Education Foundation, Morrisville Collaborative, Lower Bucks Family YMCA Board of Directors, G.A.G.E. Gang Awareness, Communities That Care Consortium, Academic Oversight Committee for Bristol Borough, Bensalem School District Diversity Committee, Conwell-Egan Catholic High School Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Committee.
Finally, given Darletta Berry-Johnson's record of achievements, she is the recipient of the Women Business Leaders in Bucks County award presented by the Lower Bucks Chamber of Commerce; and the Women for Women and Women Who Make a Difference awards presented by the Bucks County YWCA.
We are incredibly grateful for the impact Darletta Berry-Johnson has had through her long, distinguished career at the Ivins Outreach Center and wish for her continued success as she continues to serve our community.