Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a remarkable individual, Jordan Morris Brandman.
Jordan leaves behind a legacy defined by his unparallel commitment to the community he lived in for his entire life.
Born in 1980 to Michael and Mara Brandman, Jordan was the youngest of five children and was raised in the City.
After graduating from El Modena High School, he attended University of California, Irvine, where he majored in Political Science and was an early leader in the Orange County YoungDemocrats.
Jordan interned and later worked in the California State Department of Education under both Governors Gray Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger after his studies.
It was during these years that he developed a passion for education issues.
Jordan took his inspiring passion for education and public service and ran for the Anaheim Union High School District Board of Trustees, winning a seat on the board in 2008.
As a Trustee, he led the effort to create a culturally competent curriculum that catered to the needs of the growing Latino working class community.
He brought the seal of biliteracy to the school district and helped make resources accessible to students who were Dreamers.
In 2012, Jordan won a seat on the Anaheim City Council during a turbulent period of change.
Jordan also broke barriers when he came out as an LGBTQ councilman--the first openly gay Councilmember in Anaheim history--giving a voice to his community.
He worked relentlessly to foster a feeling of community and provide opportunities for everybody by ensuring that the bridges he built reached the very core of our local communities.
Jordan, in his professional life, showed a dedication to making connections between labor and business as the Vice President of Labor Relations at BIASC and the leader in workforce development for the Orange County Business Council.
His sincere kindness and generosity extended beyond the public sphere, having a positive impact on those closest to him.
Jordan is survived by his father Michael and stepmother Pam, as well as his four brothers, Jason, Joshua, Jake, and Jedidiah.
He is now reunited in eternal rest with his mother, Mara Brandman, who he always held a special place in his heart for.
I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and commemorating Jordan Morris Brandman's great career and contributions to our community.