Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and enduring legacy of Lasmockie Octavia Fountain, who tragically lost her life to domestic violence on May 23, 2015.
This year marks the 10th anniversary of her passing, and in that decade, her memory has ignited a movement that continues to bring awareness, healing, and advocacy to families affected by domestic violence in Georgia and across the nation.
Born on April 4, 1985, Lasmockie was the beloved daughter of Stephanie Fountain Burton and Charles Nixon, and a devoted mother to four children: Solano Fountain, Sole Fountain, Shannon Fountain, and London Fountain.
Her life was full of promise, and her sudden loss at the age of 30 left an unfillable void in the hearts of her family and community.
In response to this tragedy, Lasmockie's aunt, Dr. Sharon Lynn Fountain Stafford, founded the organization: A Voice for Lasmockie/ Lasmockie's L.O.A.D. (Loved Ones Against Domestic Violence).
This organization has worked tirelessly to ensure that Lasmockie's story is not forgotten--transforming grief into advocacy and education for others impacted by domestic violence.
Among its many community initiatives, the organization hosts the annual Domestic Violence Awareness Walk on the last Saturday in October, uniting survivors, families, advocates, and community members in remembrance and in action.
Additionally, ``Lasmockie Day'' is observed on October 23rd in Macon, Georgia, honoring her legacy with community outreach and education.
A Tree of Hope has been planted in Macon, GA--a deeply meaningful location as it was the home of Lasmockie's grandparents, the late Willie Frank Fountain, Sr. and Syella Fountain, and is also the location where Lasmockie's life was tragically taken.
The tree bears the names of individuals lost to domestic violence and stands as a living memorial--a symbol that their lives mattered, that they are not forgotten, and that their stories continue to inspire change.
A memorial bench featuring a mural of Lasmockie was also placed at the site, creating a space for reflection, healing, and remembrance.
Additionally, ``Purple Light Day'' is observed annually on October 26th in Macon.
Initiated by Dr. Stafford, Purple Light Day encourages homes, businesses, and public spaces to be illuminated in purple--the color representing domestic violence awareness as a visual show of support for victims and a call to action for prevention.
Lasmockie's legacy continues to live on through her children, family, and loved ones, including her aunt, Dr. Sharon Lynn Fountain Stafford, who have taken up the fight against domestic violence.
They work tirelessly to honor Lasmockie's memory through advocacy, education, and outreach.
Together, they actively lead the work of A Voice for Lasmockie/Lasmockie's L.O.A.D., focusing on empowering underserved communities where domestic violence is often underreported and support is limited.