Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Anthony ``Tony'' Anello, who passed away at the age of 77 on September 28, 2025.
Tony was a beloved and celebrated member of Bodega Bay, a renowned fisherman, and a pillar of this coastal community.
Born in San Francisco, California in 1948, Tony was raised in Guerneville, California.
Tony was a rodeo calf roper when he married Carol Zucca, his wife of 58 years.
To support their growing family, Tony began an excavation business, while earning additional income as a fisherman and selling produce.
In 1968, Tony joined the Guerneville Fire Department as a volunteer, launching his steadfast career as a firefighter and EMT.
He served the Sonoma County fire departments for decades and rose through the ranks of captain, training officer, and battalion chief during his tenure.
Tony's excellence and commitment as a training officer is credited for shaping generations of paramedics and firefighters in Sonoma County.
Most notably, Tony had a deep-rooted love for fishing.
The grandson of a Sicilian fisherman, Tony purchased his first of many commercial fishing boats in 1969.
On his days off from the fire department, Tony would go commercial salmon and crab fishing.
In 2004, Tony and Carol founded Spud Point Crab Co. in Bodega Bay, a small harbor stand that grew to become an iconic, homestyle restaurant for both tourists and locals.
Tony and his son, Mark, provided seasonal crab and wild king salmon fresh from the dock of the marina across from the restaurant.
The waterfront stand, inspired by Old Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco, still attracts lines of customers seeking Carol's prize-winning clam chowder and Tony's Dungeness crab.
A beacon of the community, Spud Point Co. is a critical hub for the town and a charitable supporter of many local organizations.
Along with his well-respected work ethic, Tony was well known for his larger-than-life character, humor, and generous spirit.
Tony was a stalwart advocate for the local fishing community and hosted many vital community gatherings to preserve the future of the fishing industry at Bodega Bay.
While he will be greatly missed, Tony's legacy will live on through the innumerable positive impacts he has had on his community.
Tony is survived by his wife and their four children, Lori, Gina, Lisa, and Mark, his grandchildren and great-grandchildren, many of whom have carried on his passion for fishing and firefighting.