Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions of Rebecca Grasty as she is honored as one of California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
With over 15 years as a Family Child Care Professional, Rebecca Grasty has devoted her life to strengthening the early childhood education landscape in California.
A credentialed educator in both Social Science and Family & Consumer Sciences, she is a leader whose influence extends far beyond the classroom.
She currently serves as Vice President of the Bay Area Professional Family Child Care Network and was recently elected Chapter President for the California Association for the Education.
Rebecca's commitment to professional development and peer support is clear in her work revitalizing the Solano Association.
Recognizing the isolating nature of the Family Child Care profession, she brought together providers from across Solano County for a leadership meeting to reignite collaboration and build a stronger sense of community.
She has presented on financial literacy for providers at Solano Family & Children's Services, is a featured speaker at the 2025 Solano ECE Conference, and founded Save California Family Child Care, a grassroots initiative advocating for developmentally appropriate changes to state policy.
She was also instrumental in organizing the ``A Day Without Child Care'' Advocacy Loop in Solano County, collaborating with the Children's Network, Napa providers, and the NorCal Family Child Care Alliance to highlight the urgent need for childcare reform.
She also served on the organizing committee of the May 2025 Family Child Care Symposium and led planning for the upcoming ``State of the Bay'' Summit to bring together stakeholders from all nine Bay Area counties to advocate for children, families, and the providers who serve them.
Her tireless efforts have uplifted families, empowered fellow professionals, and shaped policy conversations that will benefit generations to come.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Rebecca Grasty for her invaluable contributions to our community.