This curriculum gives students the opportunity to learn about

the importance of democracy and its impact, allowing students to see

themselves as leaders with a voice in the policy process.
The importance and impact of this program has been recognized by the

California Secretary of State, who is in discussions to use it in their

statewide youth outreach efforts.
Through the framework of Democracy

Matters, Alice has given students hands-on experiences with civic

engagement, including coordinating a mock City Council meeting in the

Suisun City council chambers and training students on how to conduct a

forum with Solano Youth Council.
She also worked with the Solano County

Registrar of Voters and League of Women Voters to train students who

volunteered as poll workers.
These hands-on opportunities have allowed

students to learn about the importance of citizenship and the power of

their voices in our democracy.
Alice's work to educate the next generation about democracy will have

an impact for years to come.
On behalf of the people of California's

8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to honor and recognize

Alice Wilson-Fried for her positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: ALISSA STOLZ

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Alissa Stolz as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Alissa is the Head of School at East Bay Montessori where she has

demonstrated outstanding school leadership throughout the COVID-19

pandemic and its aftermath.
The pandemic impacted schools in previously unimaginable ways, and

school leaders were called upon to hold their communities together.
Alissa was instrumental in keeping East Bay Montessori intact

throughout the pandemic, avoiding any COVID-19 outbreaks and never

having to lay off any staff or faculty.
Alissa was committed to in-person learning, and East Bay Montessori

quickly reopened with an outdoor classroom set-up that let students and

teachers come together and learn in innovative ways.
This decision

allowed children to continue to learn through peer collaboration and

face-to-face interactions.
Alissa provided a strong vision for East Bay Montessori during times

of uncertainty and change.
Her work led her to be featured in the

American Montessori Society's magazine, and she was selected to present

at the International Montessori Congress in Bangkok.
The impact of

Alissa's work goes beyond East Bay Montessori--she is the model of a

capable leader who acts in the interest of her community, inspiring

educators across the globe.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Alissa Stolz for her positive

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: AMBER DUNCAN

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Amber Duncan as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Amber is a Community Readiness Specialist for the Military and Family

Readiness Center at Travis Air Force Base.
Her duties focus on

assessing personnel and family needs while providing work and life

services related to the demands of the military mission.
In her role, Amber has initiated countless programs and events to

assist servicemembers and their families.
She pioneered a database to

track personnel preparing to leave the military workforce, allowing

Travis Air Force Base to achieve 100 percent accountability in

notifying personnel about the process and options for their transition

out of the military.
Amber is also passionate about strengthening military families and

connecting them with the local community.
She developed a needs

assessment to identify limitations and their corrections, worked with

the Base Chaplain Agency in hosting courses promoting the strengthening

of family interactions, and has worked to foster resiliency for 46

newly appointed military members.