Over the years she has

worked as staff to a Berkeley city council member, a state

Assemblywoman, and a California State Senator.
In the early 2000s, Betty became involved in the plans to open the

Rosie the Riveter WWII Home Front National Historical Park.
This led to

her career as a ranger which began in 2007, at the age of 85.
Betty led talks explaining the importance of the park in

memorializing the contributions of women and African Americans working

in war industries supporting the U.S. World War II efforts on the home

front.
She has used her own experiences and observations as a Black

woman to bring light to untold stories of African Americans during WWII

and underscore the racism and misogyny experienced by her and countless

other women of color throughout her lifetime.
Through hard work and

storytelling, she has touched the lives of the thousands of park

visitors and millions of Americans who can not only empathize with her

story but celebrate and learn from it.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Betty Reid Soskin for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: BRENDA PLECHATY

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Brenda Plechaty as she is a honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Brenda's life was changed when her partner had a serious accident

resulting in a traumatic brain injury.
During his recovery, Brenda

experienced the lack of support there is for the family members of

those who have traumatic brain injuries.
This led Brenda to create,

run, and fully fund a free support group for family members who are

caregivers to TBI survivors.
Brenda is dedicated to this group and helping the caregivers of TBI

survivors, making herself available to caregivers every day, not just

during the group's monthly meetings.
Brenda's work for this group has

led her to become fully immersed in the TBI community, willing to share

information and provide support whenever possible to those who have

been impacted by TBI.
In addition to her work supporting caregivers, Brenda serves on

several commissions and committees in the city of Vallejo and is

actively working with the city to improve the Vallejo Municipal Marina.
A passionate rower, Brenda is involved in her rowing club's

volunteering division and helped to create a summer youth rowing

project that included instruction on the importance of the marina.
All facets of Brenda's work show her compassion and dedication to

serving others.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Brenda Plechaty for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE MEDICAID ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2023

HON.
GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN

Mr. SABLAN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to introduce the

Medicaid Accountability Act of 2023.
My legislation would remove

barriers to operating Medicaid Fraud Control Units in the territories,

advancing our ability to recover taxpayer money through the

investigation of Medicaid provider fraud, abuse, and neglect.
The U.S. territories are subject to a hard, statutory cap on federal

Medicaid support, unlike the 50 states and the District of Columbia.
As

such, any spending for the operation of an MFCU is counted against the

cap and subtracts from the amount of federal funding available for the

coverage of healthcare services.
Congress has acknowledged this challenge.
We acted to exempt MFCU

spending from Puerto Rico's cap through P.L. 115-31, Consolidated

Appropriations Act of 2017.
This exemption was extended to the U.S.

Virgin Islands through P.L. 115-123, Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018.