May God continue to

continue to bless him and his family, team and bandmates.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PENELOPE GROSS ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to congratulate

Penelope ``Penny'' Gross on her retirement after 27 years of serving as

the Fairfax County Mason District Supervisor and 21 years of chairing

the Potomac Watershed Roundtable.
Elected in 1995 to represent the Mason District, Penny has been an

advocate for affordable housing, expanded public transportation, and

violence prevention.
Penny represents Fairfax County on the Board of

Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments, the

Northern Virginia Regional Commission, the INOVA Health System Board of

Trustees, and the Potomac Watershed Roundtable (PWR).
Shortly after becoming the chair of PWR, she encouraged the VA

Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) to help in developing

strategies that will bring the state of Virginia up to the standard

that Maryland had already set, regarding efforts that support the

Chesapeake Bay Preservation Program.
With that, in July 2003, the

Potomac River Tributary Strategy was developed by DCR.
In January 2004, Penny led the PWR in discussions for a 2004 vision,

whose focal points influenced many water-related issues, such as

Stormwater Management, Wastewater Treatment Plants, and Total Maximum

Daily Load.
In April later that year Penny was appointed by then

Governor Mark Warner to the Chesapeake Bay Blue Ribbon Funding Panel.
A

panel tasked with finding alternative sources for funding the

Chesapeake Bay Cleanup.
By October 2004, Chairman Gross announced some

recommendations on behalf of the Chesapeake Bay Blue Bay Ribbon Finance

Panel.
On the state and national level, Penny is a past president of the

Virginia Association of Counties, vice-chair of the National

Association of Counties' Energy, Environment, and Land Use Committee,

and past president of the National Association of Regional Councils.
She was first appointed by Governor Mark Warner to the Local Government

Advisory Committee (LGAC) to the Chesapeake Executive Council, which

she chaired from March 2006 until August 2008, and continues to serve.
I had the great pleasure of serving with Penny during my 14 years on

the Board, first representing the Providence District and then as

Chairman.
The work that she has done for Fairfax County is outstanding

and we will continue to honor her legacy as a public servant.
Penny

Gross's commitment to our community and the mission of local government

is unparalleled.
She leaves behind a legacy that will enrich our

community for generations to come.
Her career in public service is

truly commendable and deserving of our heartfelt gratitude.
All through

her tenure as Chair of the PWR, she proved to be an exemplary leader,

and continues to attract very influential and dedicated environmentally

minded individuals to the roundtable

Mr. Speaker, Pro Tempore Penny Gross's commitment to public service

is through her work in Fairfax County.
Though she may be retiring, I

suspect that she will continue to remain active in the causes that are

important to her.
I commend her for her service and ask my colleagues

to join me in congratulating her on her retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAREER OF RICK LEE

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to recognize Richard

``Rick'' Lee, owner and Chairman of the Board of Lee's Flower and Card

Shop, founded in the District of Columbia in 1945.
Mr. Lee's long-standing business ties and community outreach have

made a lasting impact on the District of Columbia and its residents in

numerous ways.
As a business owner, Mr. Lee has served District of Columbia

residents for more than 45 years.
He has been named the Small Business

Person of the Year by the DC Chamber of Commerce.