Through his

dedicated leadership, Elliott has taken what has always been a great

team and built an exceptional one by understanding the values and

motivations of his peers.
country, I am most proud of the man I've had the privilege to watch him

grow into.
I always tell my staff that over all things, family is

first.
Elliott has taken this to heart since day one, even ensuring I

made it to my son's soccer game as we drove from the opposite end of

North Carolina.
I've been able to see the same values watching him get

married and start his own family, starting with his lovely wife, Ariel,

and their beloved dog, Moose.
Elliott Guffin made a difference.
He made a difference to me and to

his colleagues.
He made a difference in the lives of my constituents.
He made a difference to this institution.
And he made a difference to

the United States of America.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, please join me today in congratulating

Elliott Guffin for more than seven years of incredible service to the

House of Representatives and to the people of North Carolina, and

wishing he, Ariel, and Moose the best in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: ADJOA McDONALD

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Adjoa McDonald as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Adjoa has dedicated her career to advocating for women and youth in

the city of Vallejo.
Adjoa founded the Vallejo Project, an organization dedicated to

developing the leadership skills of youth and young adults so they can

improve the systems that impact them.
Adjoa's work has created a

platform that empowers and uplifts women and youth in Vallejo,

providing them with a network to connect, learn, and support each

other.
Beyond advocating for women individually, Adjoa also fights to

improve the status of women throughout society.
She fights to address

issues that impact all women, such as gender inequality, domestic

violence, and economic disempowerment.
Adjoa cares deeply about working collaboratively to make broad

change.
She knows the importance of her work because she has faced the

obstacles that many women in Vallejo, and the United States, experience

today.
She is an example of the strength and resilience that women

possess and use those qualities to make a difference for the women in

her community.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional District,

it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Adjoa McDonald for her

positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: ALICE WILSON-FRIED

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Alice Wilson-Fried as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Alice is dedicated to teaching the youth of Solano County about the

importance of democracy and civic engagement.
Seeing the need to

educate young people about voting rights and civic duty, Alice

implemented the Democracy Matters program at Golden Hills Community

School.
This curriculum gives students the opportunity to learn about

the importance of democracy and its impact, allowing students to see

themselves as leaders with a voice in the policy process.
The importance and impact of this program has been recognized by the

California Secretary of State, who is in discussions to use it in their

statewide youth outreach efforts.
Through the framework of Democracy

Matters, Alice has given students hands-on experiences with civic

engagement, including coordinating a mock City Council meeting in the

Suisun City council chambers and training students on how to conduct a

forum with Solano Youth Council.