Mr. Lee's long-standing business ties and community outreach have

made a lasting impact on the District of Columbia and its residents in

numerous ways.
As a business owner, Mr. Lee has served District of Columbia

residents for more than 45 years.
He has been named the Small Business

Person of the Year by the DC Chamber of Commerce.
Mr. Lee served as Vice President of the U Street Business

Association, under Marion Barry, who served as President, and later

served four years as an appointed Statehood Commissioner under the late

Harry Thomas Sr.
He also held a mayoral appointment to the Board of

Accountancy, also under Marion Barry.
Mr. Lee served on the Board of Directors of the D.C. Children's Trust

Fund.
He also served as Small Business Vice Chairman of a local chapter

of the United Way, Chairman of the Banneker Boy Scouts of America, Vice

President of the Kiwanis Club of NE Washington D.C., Chairman of the

Board of Directors of the Lincoln Theatre, Member of the Board of

Directors of MANNA, Vice President of the Shaw Neighborhood Association

and Member of the Washington Gas Consumer Advisory Board for six years.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask the House of Representatives to wish

Richard ``Rick'' Lee a happy 80th birthday this month and recognize his

leadership of Lee's Flower and Card Shop and his distinguished service

to District of Columbia residents.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

STONY DWIGHT RUSHING

HON.
DAN BISHOP

Mr. BISHOP of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I rise

to honor the legacy of the Union County Board of Commissioners Chair,

Stony Dwight Rushing.
Stony loved his family and he loved Union County.
He was fiercely

devoted to his wife, Anne-Marie, and his two children, Reagan and

RyLee.
Stony also served Union County for four terms on the Board of

Commissioners from 2002 to 2006, and then again from 2014 to 2023.
Over

the course of these four terms, Stony's fellow Board Members chose him

to serve as Chairman for two of them.
Stony was a congenial presence

and a highly effective servant to his community.
He stood for our God-

given rights and took every opportunity to make people's lives better.
His larger-than-life presence that still echoes throughout Union County

will truly be missed.
Outside of his involvement with the Union County Board of

Commissioners, Stony mentored young North Carolinians on the importance

of firearm proficiency and safety.
Stony served as a certified firearms

instructor and owner of Take Aim Training Range.
In fact, he was the

NRA South Carolina Youth Hunter Education Challenge State Coordinator,

and was honored as the 2013 NC Governor's Conservation Achievement

Award winner for ``Hunter Education Instructor of the Year.''
Stony

also served as the Union District Chairman for the Boy Scouts of

America between 2006 and 2009.
On behalf of the entire 8th Congressional District of North Carolina,

I rise to honor and celebrate Chairman Stony Rushing's fruitful life

and dedicated service to others.
I thank Stony and may he rest in

peace.