Congress has acknowledged this challenge.
We acted to exempt MFCU

spending from Puerto Rico's cap through P.L. 115-31, Consolidated

Appropriations Act of 2017.
This exemption was extended to the U.S.

Virgin Islands through P.L. 115-123, Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018.
We

did not, however, extend this exemption to the other territories

although all territories are statutorily required to operate an MFCU.
Congress has previously agreed that spending towards systems

improvement measures should be exempt from the cap.
In addition to

MFCUs, Congress has exempted spending related to Transformed Medicaid

Statistical Information System, Medicaid Electronic Health Record

Incentive Program, and the design and operation of the claims and

eligibility systems.
Without such exemptions, territories must choose between covering

healthcare services or making systems improvements.
And faced with

various emergencies--from natural disasters to a pandemic--in recent

years, territories have prioritized the coverage of healthcare

services.
Furthermore, certain territories have repeatedly exhausted

their limited block grant, leaving no federal funding to support

systems improvement measures.
My bill, the Medicaid Accountability Act of 2023, plugs a gap in our

nation's ability to protect taxpayer money.
By extending the exemption

on MFCU spending to all territories, Congress can promote the success

healthcare fraud and safeguard our Medicaid population from abuse,

neglect, and misappropriation of funds.
I thank my colleagues who joined me in introducing this legislation--

Mr. Moylan, Ms. Plaskett, and Ms. Radewagen.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KENNY WAYNE SHEPHERD

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

musical achievements of Kenny Wayne Shepherd.
Kenny received his first guitar from his grandmother at the age of

four and began to play the guitar in earnest at age seven.
It is here

when he began his love of the American genre of blues.
With a

Stratocaster electric guitar replica, he taught himself to play one

note at a time.
Growing up in Shreveport, Louisiana, he was exposed to

music that influenced his relentless pursuit of his guitar skills and

love of this art form.
From Elvis to Ledbelly, the combination of

country, blues, and rock which flowed through his hometown created the

musician we hear today.
His parents brought all varieties of music into

his home, which deepened his appreciation for the talents and stylings

of other artists.
From Hank Williams, James Brown, and Crosby Stills

Nash and Young to Stevie Ray Vaughan and Albert King, these artists

were the foundation of the musical talents we all enjoy today from

Kenny Wayne.
At a very young age, Kenny's father brought John Lee Hooker and Muddy

Waters to Shreveport to p]ay.
This was the moment that turned on the

light of blues music in Kenny Wayne's life.
Kenny's father, Ken,

remembers his son playing his electric guitar with headphones on

listening to CDs of John Lee Hooker, B.B King and Howling Wolf.
Kenny

was able to pick up by ear the unique aspects of American blues music.
Stevie Ray Vaughan asked a young Kenny Wayne if he would like to watch

from the side of the stage during his concert and on that night the

impact of this incredible guitar virtuoso was ingrained in a 7-year-old

aspiring musician.
Chris Layton, who played drums in Stevie Ray's band, Double Trouble,

later became the drummer for the Kenny Wayne Shepherd Band.
He

remembers the exceptional talents of Kenny when he heard some of his

earliest recordings.
Chris was deeply impressed by Kenny's

determination, focus and dedication to his craft.
Kenny had the opportunity to travel with his father to many different

music venues, where he played to a variety of audiences.
Many folks

began to point out the remarkable talent that he displayed.
Bill

Pfordresher, a record producer, told Kenny's father that they should

cut a record.
Ken Shepherd had three rules for Kenny.
First, that he

must finish high school before he would allow him to pursue music full

time.