Bill

Pfordresher, a record producer, told Kenny's father that they should

cut a record.
Ken Shepherd had three rules for Kenny.
First, that he

must finish high school before he would allow him to pursue music full

time.
Ken's second rule was once music was no longer fun for Kenny he

could stop at any time.
The final rule was Kenny had to be involved in

every business decision that was made about his career.
They, then

called in some favors from friends and recorded a record in New Orleans

which quickly took off.
Kenny now found himself as the opening act for

the Eagles.
Kenny's circumstances in his career success were unique.
He and his

dad were a father-son team and Kenny was not the lead singer in the

early days of his band.
Kenny was able to overcome these challenges and

continue on an upward path of success, while maintaining a strong

relationship with his father.
Kenny Wayne became a remarkable

songwriter who has honed his guitar skills around amazing songs.
His

songwriting chops and collaborations are as good as it gets.
Kenny Wayne's talents were a magnet to very accomplished songwriting

collaborators.
Record Executive Jeff Aldrich surrounded Kenny Wayne

with a crack team of collaborators including Mark Selby, Tia Sillers

and Danny Tate.
They were welcomed like family as the songs on the

albums Ledbetter Heights and Trouble is . . .
were written and

recorded, and helped him reach his true potential as a musician.
The

emotional power of Kenny's songwriting is probably no stronger than in

the song ``I Found Love.''
Kenny has been a leader in involving women in his path to success,

from Tia Sillers as a leading songwriter to Kristin Forbes in leading

Team Kenny Wayne Shepherd.
His co-manager for over 20 years, Kristin

Forbes has played an incredibly vital role in Kenny Wayne's career.
She

has known Kenny since she worked at his record company early in his

career.
Kristin and Kenny's father have directed the team that has laid

down the path of success.
She is a highly skilled leader and a

thoughtful voice of balance for Kenny, Ken and the band.
Kenny is a trailblazer, who, along with a cadre of incredible

accompanying musicians, amazing songwriters, and the perfect mix of

vocals, is an icon in American music.
Kenny continues to expand his

musical horizons and skills, including his own vocals.
As important as Kenny's musical talents is his complete dedication to

his wife, Hannah, and his six beloved children.
He is a remarkable

father and role model for his family.
He and his wife have made it

their life's work to ensure limitless possibilities for their children

by nurturing their interests, talents, and abilities in every

imaginable way.
Kenny is selflessly humble and appreciative of all

those around him who have been a part of his path to success.
He is

ceaseless with giving credit to his parents, his hometown, his

upbringing, and friends and family in helping him along the way.
Our nation is grateful for Kenny's passion, commitment to his musical

skills and his love of family and his fellow musicians in his continued

journey to share his talents with folks here and around the world.
American blues is a unique genre of music that captures the soul of our

country, and Kenny is a rare, and irreplaceable part of that emotion.
He is the quintessential artist and creator.
I thank Kenny Wayne

Shepherd, for music that has and will continue to inspire generations

to come, for his devotion to family, fellow artists, associates and

friends, and for his goodness and kindheartedness.
May God continue to

continue to bless him and his family, team and bandmates.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PENELOPE GROSS ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.