Title: HONORING CELEBRA GRAPEVINE 2023; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
164

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CELEBRA GRAPEVINE 2023

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

2nd Annual Celebra Grapevine festival which will take place on October

7th in Grapevine, Texas and is dedicated to celebrating Hispanic

Heritage Month.
In 1988, President Ronald Reagan established Hispanic Heritage Month

to celebrate the histories, cultures, and contributions made by

Americans of Hispanic descent.
Consistent with this fine tradition,

Celebra Grapevine provides North Texans with an opportunity to embrace

diversity and honor the Hispanic heritage that has influenced

traditions, art, and cuisine throughout our community.
Celebra means to

celebrate in Spanish, which is a fitting name for this festival.
Grapevine's Latino population, which makes up more than 30 percent of

the city's population, plays an important role in growing the city's

economy and making the city a great place to live, work, and raise a

family.
I commend the City of Grapevine and Celebra Grapevine for their

commitment to fostering unity and building bridges in our community.
I

hope their festival is a great success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF OF STAFF ELLIOTT GUFFIN

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor the public

service of a long-time member of my team, George Elliott Guffin IV, and

wish him success as he enters the next stage of his career.
A native of Jackson, Mississippi, Elliott is a proud graduate of the

University of Mississippi--a fact he will share with you within five

minutes of meeting him.
Elliott began his congressional service in the

United States Senate in the office of Senator Roger Wicker prior to

joining my staff in May 2016 and beginning a long tenure of service to

the people of North Carolina's 8th, and later 9th, Congressional

District.
As a young staff assistant, Elliott excelled at many things.
His

sunny disposition, eagerness to learn, and dedication to public service

are the main reasons why I didn't fire him that time he forgot and

stranded a scheduled tour group at the White House.
However, my faith

in Elliott was rewarded as he grew to be a trusted advisor, mentor to

others, an exceptional leader, and a valued part of the team.
Advancing as a legislative correspondent, legislative aide,

legislative assistant, senior legislative assistant, legislative

director, deputy chief of staff, and chief of staff, Elliott never

wavered in his commitment to serving our constituents.
Over the years,

he helped me secure legislation to push for the paving of roads for the

Green Gap community in the Uwharrie National Forest--a process that

will soon come to fruition.
In addition, Elliott helped me secure

multiple pieces of legislation to address the needs of our farmers,

expand rural broadband access for North Carolinians, and increase

support for our region's troops, military families, and veterans.
I am especially proud of the work Elliott accomplished in defense of

the Second Amendment, drafting legislation with me to harden and secure

schools and pushing for concealed carry reciprocity.
Over the years, Elliott has established himself as a trusted leader

and friend to his colleagues.
He was the backbone of our office--always

willing to do whatever was needed to help the team.
I have been

impressed by the attention Elliott gave to his managerial role by

setting aside time to work with each member of our staff in order to

help them develop into great congressional staffers.
Through his

dedicated leadership, Elliott has taken what has always been a great

team and built an exceptional one by understanding the values and

motivations of his peers.
country, I am most proud of the man I've had the privilege to watch him

grow into.
I always tell my staff that over all things, family is

first.