Title: CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF CHARTER SCHOOLS USA AND CEO JONATHAN HAGE; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
180

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF CHARTER SCHOOLS USA AND CEO

JONATHAN HAGE

HON.
JARED MOSKOWITZ

Mr. MOSKOWITZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 25th

Anniversary of Charter Schools USA and its President and CEO, Jonathan

Hage.
Mr. Hage worked closely with former governor Jeb Bush in developing

charter school legislation in Florida, opening the first charter school

in the state.
He has diligently worked with legislative representatives

on both sides of the aisle to create equitable student learning

opportunities.
He has provided high-quality educational options for

more than 95,000 students in Florida, Louisiana, Georgia, South

Carolina, and North Carolina.
Furthermore, Mr. Hage is a veteran who served in the Army Special

Forces as a Green Beret.
He is committed to supporting the military

community through hiring practices that recruit, maintain, and promote

veterans from all military branches.
Additionally, where permitted by

each school's charter agreement, students from military families are

given enrollment preference.
These commitments helped a Florida school

receive the Florida Purple Star School of Distinction, recognizing

schools that support the unique needs of military families and provide

resources for military-connected students when transitioning to a new

school environment.
I am pleased to honor Mr. Jonathan Hage and Charter Schools USA for

their continued commitment to student excellence by providing an

educational environment that builds strong minds and good hearts to

ensure a brighter future for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING HERMIT WOODS WINERY AND EATERY ON BEING NOMINATED TO THE

2023 AMERICA'S TOP SMALL BUSINESS SUMMIT

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Hermit Woods

Winery and Eatery, a New Hampshire small business that was recently

nominated to the 2023 America's Top Small Business Summit.
For 13 years

Hermit Woods Winery and Eatery has embodied our state's values of

determination and innovation, heightened consumer experiences with

high-quality, locally-sourced products.
This recent recognition by the

U.S. Chamber of Commerce is a testament to Hermit Woods Winery and

Eatery's impact on our local economy and involvement in the community.
The next generation of New Hampshire business leaders will look to

Hermit Woods for inspiration.
Hermit Woods is an industry leader and a trusted community partner.
Its model of brewing with the fruits, flowers, and vegetables grown by

local farmers and foragers showcases its culinary creativity and

commitment to fostering community connections.
Each bottle at the

Winery is brewed with the spirit of community that defines the work at

Hermit Woods.
The Granite State is thankful for these small businesses

that provide quality products, build relationships between neighbors,

and strengthen the economy.
I look forward to seeing all that Hermit Woods accomplishes in the

years to come, and I am confident that it will continue to serve as a

guide for other business leaders in the state.
On behalf of the

constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional District, I applaud

Hermit Woods for its commitment to the values of business innovation

and community compassion.
I wish Hermit Woods continued success in its

future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
EILEEN THRALL

HON.
ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mrs. Eileen

Thrall on being named Dumfries, Virginia's 2023 Living Legend by Mayor

Derrick Wood

For years, Eileen has served as an exemplary member of the Dumfries

community through her work as a reporter for Potomac News, where she

authored the widely enjoyed Dumfries Community Column.
Her column

provided insight into the community and highlighted the wonderful

facets of the town, sharing with her audience what makes Dumfries so

remarkable.