At each stop in his career, he continued to serve a greater

purpose and those around him.
In August 2016, Mr. Wilber became the Tribal Veterans Service Officer

(TVSO) and a County Veterans Service Officer (CVSO) for the Menominee

Nation and Menominee County, respectively.
He extended his service by

joining the Wisconsin County Veterans Service Officers Association

(CVSOA), a vital organization that represents all 11 recognized tribes

and 72 counties in Wisconsin.
After several years as a CVSO, it is with great pride that we

acknowledge Mr. Wilber's election as the first Native American

president of the State County Veterans Service Officer Association

(CVSOA).
I am sure that with his experience and unwavering dedication

to the veteran's community, Mr. Wilber will excel in this new role.
Mr. Wilber's dedication also extends to his family, having celebrated

30 years of marriage and having raised seven children.
The Wilber

family's sacrifices have been profound, including the loss of a son who

served with the Marines in Iraq and tragically passing away in an

accident at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina.
Mr. Wilber carries the memory

of his son in his heart and draws inspiration from his son's legacy to

continue being a positive role model for others.
I am proud that my office has been able to work with Bruce in his

role as TVSO and CVSO.
It is an incredible honor to recognize and

celebrate the accomplishments of Bruce as he continues to make a

profound impact on the lives of our veterans, the Menominee tribe,

Northeast Wisconsin, and our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MRS.
MILDRED McKINNEY

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs.

Mildred McKinney and her dedication to St. Thomas United Methodist

Church.
Mildred McKinney was born on December 12, 1945.
She is the daughter

of the late George and Lillie Oden and is the wife of Mr. Ralph

McKinney.
Her siblings are the late Carolyn Oden Jackson, the late

Rudolph Halcome, and the late Willie Joe Oden.
Mrs. McKinney retired as an administrative secretary from the

Sylacauga City School System after 27 years of service.
She is a proud member of the Coosa Valley Medical Center Auxiliary

and has contributed over 1900 hours of volunteer service to Coosa

Medical Center in Sylacauga.
She has served her church in many various ways.
At St. Thomas, she

has previously served as past president of the St. Thomas United

Methodist women for 9 years, Sunday School Teacher, Sunday school

superintendent, Church Secretary, Vacation Bible School Director and

Trustee and has sung in the choir.
Mr. Speaker.
please join me in recognizing Mrs. McKinney for her

dedication to St. Thomas United Methodist Church.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING OKALOOSA STEMM ACADEMY

HON.
MATT GAETZ

Mr. GAETZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a school from my

district, the Okaloosa Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics,

and Medical (STEMM) Academy, on achieving the remarkable milestone of

being recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School.
Okaloosa STEMM

Academy is one of only 13 schools from the State of Florida to earn

this distinction and one of only 353 nationwide in 2023.
This

achievement is a testament to the teachers and staff's dedication to

student success and their pursuit of excellence.
The Okaloosa STEMM Academy is an innovative middle school that

provides a free and public education to sixth through eighth grade

students in Okaloosa County with a curriculum focused on academic rigor

and excellence.
The STEMM Academy was established in 2012 as part of

the Okaloosa STEMM Center.
The curriculum has been specifically

designed to enable students to transition to high school having

completed numerous high school courses, including Algebra I Honors,

Geometry I Honors, Physical Science Honors, Fundamentals of Web Design,

and Earth Space Science Honors.