ABIGAIL DAVIS SPANBERGER

Ms. SPANBERGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Mrs. Eileen

Thrall on being named Dumfries, Virginia's 2023 Living Legend by Mayor

Derrick Wood

For years, Eileen has served as an exemplary member of the Dumfries

community through her work as a reporter for Potomac News, where she

authored the widely enjoyed Dumfries Community Column.
Her column

provided insight into the community and highlighted the wonderful

facets of the town, sharing with her audience what makes Dumfries so

remarkable.
Aside from journalism, Eileen has also dedicated her time to

advocating for Dumfries and its residents through her various community

and public service positions.
She selflessly selved on the Prince

William County Board of Zoning Appeals for over two decades, working

for the betterment of her community.
Eileen serves on the Board of Directors for the Good Shepherd Housing

Foundation working to provide housing options to those in need and has

been an advocate for good environmental stewardship through her

leadership of Friends of Quantico Bay and her involvement with the

Friends of Quantico Creek.
Eileen represents seniors within the town of Dumfries, serving as an

executive committee member on the Prince William Commission on Aging

where she advocates for issues related to aging and caregiving.
And as

an active

member of the Dumfries United Methodist Church, Eileen has served in

various capacities supporting the church and her community.
Eileen's love and dedication for the Town of Dumfries is clear, and

the work she does on behalf of her community serves as a pillar of

inspiration across Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and

thanking Mrs. Eileen Thrall, a Living Legend, for her contributions to

the community and the Town of Dumfries.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RHONDA GIVENS BOLES

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

breast cancer hero, Mrs. Rhonda Givens Boles.
Rhonda Boles was born on March 1, 1972, in Clarksdale to Roger Givens

and Jamie Sharkey Givens.
She has two amazing sons, Preston II--a

freshman pre-veterinary medicine major at Mississippi State University,

and Matthew Jamison--a junior at Pillow Academy.
Rhonda was a 1990 graduate of Greenwood High School and completed a

Bachelor of Science degree at Jackson State University in 1994.
She

completed her master's degree at Vanderbilt University in Nashville,

Tennessee.
Obtaining both a Bachelor and Master of Science in nursing

before becoming a board-certified family nurse practitioner.
She is

also a member of Delta Sigma Theta, Incorporated.
Rhonda married Dr. Preston Boles of Greenwood after moving back to

Mississippi from Nashville, and they have enjoyed 21 years of marital

bliss.
Rhonda has a love for her New Zion Missionary Baptist Church Family

and has served in many capacities: as speaker, advocate, and

facilitator for health-care discussions during the months of October

and February, where she educated the congregants on breast cancer

awareness and other health-related topics.
Rhonda was named The Greenwood Commonwealth's 2023 Mother of the Year

in May.
The title she proudly claimed was being her two sons' biggest

cheerleader who did not carry pom-poms and was often heard giving the

quick retort when asked why something had to be done.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing a breast

cancer hero, Mrs. Rhonda Givens Boles.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LATE JAMES C. ``SAM/SAMMY'' BRADFORD

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

life and service of James C. ``Sam/Sammy'' Bradford.
Sammy was born on July 11, 1942, in Memphis TN.
Mr. Bradford started

trying to make a difference early in the NAACP youth chapter.
In March

of 1961, he became the youngest of the ``Tougaloo Nine'' to desegregate

the Jackson Municipal Library System.