Mr. Speaker, as conflicts around the world show us every day, the

U.S. and its allies are constantly under attack from new and more

sophisticated enemies.
If we are going to continue protecting our

citizens and our allies, we need to ensure that our fighting men and

women have the best technology possible.
The men and women who worked

on the ALL deserve our deepest appreciation for what they accomplished

to keep this country safe and, as the ALL logo states, give us all

``Peace Through Light.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE WORDS MATTER FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA COURTS

ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Words Matter for the

District of Columbia Courts Act, which would remove the term

``retarded'' from Title 11 of the District of Columbia Code and replace

it with more appropriate and respectful terminology.
I am pleased that

Representative Marc Molinaro is the co-lead of this bill.
Removing the term from the law has bipartisan support.
In 2010,

Congress removed several instances of the term from federal law by

passing Rosa's Law (P.L. 111-256).
Earlier this year, I joined both

Republican and Democratic colleagues in introducing the Words Matter

Act, which would remove several more instances of the term from federal

law.
The term is used three times in Title 11 of the D.C. Code, and, under

the D.C. Home Rule Act, only Congress can amend Title 11 of the D.C.

Code.
There was a time when the term was a clinical term, but in more

recent years, it has become a slur used against people with

intellectual disabilities.
Words indisputably matter, and I know our

country is better than keeping such language in our law.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CVSOA PRESIDENT BRUCE WILBER

HON.
MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Bruce A. Wilber,

who has dedicated his life to serving both his country and his

community.
Mr. Wilber's journey is one of resilience, dedication, and

unwavering commitment to those he serves.
Born in June 1957 on the Menominee Indian Reservation in Keshana,

Wisconsin, Mr. Wilber emerged as a beacon of leadership, being the

oldest of seven children.
His father's legacy as a Korean War veteran

instilled in him a profound sense of duty to his country and eventually

inspired him to join the military.
After answering the call to serve,

Bruce Wilber became a motor transport operator stationed in Caserma

Ederle, a base in Livorno, Italy.
Upon concluding his military service, Mr. Wilber transitioned to the

civilian sector, where he contributed to the logging industry and later

served in law enforcement.
Unfortunately, his law enforcement career

was cut short due to an injury.
However, this setback did not deter

him.
Mr. Wilber's tenacity shone through as he pursued an associate

degree in alcohol and other drug abuse (AODA) counseling from the

College of Menominee Nation.
His journey took a significant turn as he assumed the role of an AODA

counselor at the Maehnowesekiyah Wellness Center, the treatment

facility for the Menominee Nation.
In this capacity, he was

instrumental in establishing and maintaining mental and physical

wellness programs for veterans and members of the Menominee Tribe for a

decade.
At each stop in his career, he continued to serve a greater

purpose and those around him.
In August 2016, Mr. Wilber became the Tribal Veterans Service Officer

(TVSO) and a County Veterans Service Officer (CVSO) for the Menominee

Nation and Menominee County, respectively.
He extended his service by

joining the Wisconsin County Veterans Service Officers Association

(CVSOA), a vital organization that represents all 11 recognized tribes

and 72 counties in Wisconsin.