We

extend our heartfelt appreciation for his remarkable service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RANKING ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND

EASTERN SHORE

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the University of

Maryland Eastern Shore (UMES) for receiving its highest ranking for

Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) according to U.S.

News & World Report.
Under the leadership of UMES President, Dr. Heidi M. Anderson, U.S.

News ranked UMES in the top 6 of public HBCUs, number 200 among all

public colleges and universities, and number 14 among 78 HBCUs in their

2023-2024 report.
UMES ranked two spots higher than last year's report

and is the university highest ranking since U.S. News created its HBCU

category in 2007.
As the representative of Maryland's Eastern Shore, it is my distinct

honor to recognize UMES for its remarkable achievement and I look

forward to seeing the university continue to shape the minds of our

Nation's future.
Congratulations to UMES and Go Hawks.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, November 2, 2023 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

NOVEMBER 7

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Tourism, Trade, and Export Promotion

To hold hearings to examine sustainable tourism for a

thriving economy.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold hearings to examine social media and the teen

mental health crisis.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of J. Todd

Inman, of Kentucky, to

be a Member of the National Transportation Safety

Board, and Samuel H. Slater, of Massachusetts, to be a

Member of the Board of Directors of the Metropolitan

Washington Airports Authority.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold hearings to examine causes of roadway safety

challenges and possible interventions.
NOVEMBER 8

9 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To hold hearings to examine the President's supplemental

request for the Departments of Health and Human

Services and Homeland Security.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the philosophy of AI,

focusing on learning from history and shaping our

future.
10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine fairness and fiscal

responsibility.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine accessing clean water

infrastructure assistance, focusing on small, rural,

disadvantaged and underserved communities.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine U.S. national security

interests in Ukraine.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine policy considerations for

Artificial Intelligence in health care.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine fentanyl in

Native communities, focusing on Native perspectives on

addressing the growing crisis.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine reforming the Patent Trial

and Appeal Board, focusing on the PREVAIL Act and

proposals to promote U.S. innovation leadership.