2:30 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retirement Security

To hold hearings to examine policy considerations for

Artificial Intelligence in health care.
Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine fentanyl in

Native communities, focusing on Native perspectives on

addressing the growing crisis.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine reforming the Patent Trial

and Appeal Board, focusing on the PREVAIL Act and

proposals to promote U.S. innovation leadership.
NOVEMBER 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the implementation of federal

coal mine land reclamation and abandoned coal mine land

economic revitalization programs.
NOVEMBER 14

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife

To hold hearings to examine challenges and opportunities

to facilitate wildlife movement and improve migration

corridors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO JIM GORMAN

HON.
JIM JORDAN

Mr. JORDAN.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commend to the House the

memory of Mr. James C. Gorman of Mansfield, Ohio.
A longtime

philanthropist and industrialist, Mr. Gorman died on September 21 at

age 99.
Mr. Gorman was born in Mansfield in 1924.
A 1941 graduate of

Mansfield Senior High School, he flew more than 70 combat missions in

C-47s in New Guinea and the Philippines during World War II.
He was a

charter member of the Ohio National Guard's 179th Airlift Wing in 1948,

flying P-51s.
Jim served as president of the Gorman Rupp Company, a pump

manufacturing business founded by his father, J.C. Gorman, and business

partner H.E. Rupp in the 1930s.
His strong leadership and loyalty to

his employees led to steady growth and international renown in the

industry.
It was just four years ago that Jim retired as a member of

Gorman Rupp's board of directors, wrapping up 73 years with the

company.
Jim was known throughout the region for his generosity and his

dedication to his community.
He and his family donated land to

establish the Gorman Nature Center, the Bellville Dog Park, the Frank

P. Lahm Aviation Museum, and an area YMCA sports complex.
Jim volunteered his time in many ways, serving as president of both

the Mansfield Rotary Club and the Mansfield Aviation Club.
He co-

founded and led the Beechcraft Heritage Museum and was president of the

Experimental Aircraft Association Foundation.
Among the accolades Jim received through his career were the

Mansfield-Richland Area Chamber of Commerce Chairman's Award, the

Construction Industry Manufacturers Association Lifetime Achievement

Award, the North Central State College Hall Excellence Award, the

Beechcraft Heritage Museum Young Eagle Award, and the Experimental

Aircraft Association Chairman's Award, as well as induction into the

North Central State College Entrepreneurial Hall of Fame and the North

Central Ohio Industrial Museum Hall of Fame.
Jim was predeceased by Marjorie, his wife of 65 years who shared his

love of aviation.
He is survived by their son, Jeff; their daughter,

Gayle; five grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.
Mr. Speaker, we are grateful that good men like Jim Gorman dedicate

their lives to the service of others, enriching countless lives and

giving back so much more than they receive.
On behalf of the people of

Ohio's Fourth Congressional District, I offer his family my condolences

as they continue to reflect on this pillar of the community and his

contributions to Mansfield and Richland County.