Sammy was born on July 11, 1942, in Memphis TN.
Mr. Bradford started

trying to make a difference early in the NAACP youth chapter.
In March

of 1961, he became the youngest of the ``Tougaloo Nine'' to desegregate

the Jackson Municipal Library System.
It was during that selfless act

of service he created the concept ``You can recognize what's the right

thing to do . . .
because the right thing is rarely comfortable,

convenient or popular''.
Sammy graduated from Douglass High School and began his freshman year

in 1960 at the esteemed Tougaloo College in Tougaloo, MS where he

studied music.
His love for music and beautiful tenor voice is what

joined him with the love of his life, his wife, Shirley Ann Faulkens.
In December of 1969, Sammy married Shirley Ann Faulkens.
They were

married for 53 years and 10 months and had two children together, Ako

and Pili.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the late

James C. ``Sam/Sammy'' Bradford for his dedication, advocacy, and

sacrifices to the Civil Rights Movement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE U.S. AIR FORCE AIRBORNE LASER LABORATORY

HON.
ALEXANDER X. MOONEY

Mr. MOONEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible

accomplishments of the U.S. Air Force Airborne Laser Laboratory.
Five decades ago, in the midst of the Cold War, the men and women of

the ALL undertook a seemingly impossible task: developing a laser

defense system capable of tracking, engaging and destroying incoming

missiles from an airborne platform.
Although the Air Force had

successfully demonstrated their ability to use a land-based laser to

destroy drone aircraft, the ALL would represent the first time in

history that an aircraft-based system would attempt that feat.
For more than a decade, Air Force scientists and engineers, both

military and civilian, pushed scientific boundaries, working on a

converted KC-135 tanker aircraft in a huge yellow hanger at Kirkland

Air Force Base.
These pioneers were not employing the latest

technologies, they were inventing brand-new technologies as they

discovered new challenges.
Many of those new technologies are in use

today, in both directed energy and kinetic weapons programs.
In 1983 their hard work paid off when the ALL was successfully tested

against AIM-9B Sidewinder missiles fired toward the aircraft in flight.
Although the fighter aircraft firing those missiles were positioned out

of range, any miscalculation could have been disastrous.
Lt.
Col Dennis

Boesen, who was one of the ALL's Test Directors as well as a Vietnam

combat veteran, pointed out, they were putting their lives in the hands

of pilots, engineers and even the ordnance specialists to do their job

perfectly.
They put themselves in the path of a missile--five missiles,

in fact--to prove a technology designed to save lives.
Their faith in

their fellow airmen, officers and scientists is a testament to this

incredible team.
In joint testing with the U.S. Navy, the ALL shot down a BMQ-34A

drone representing a Soviet cruise missile.
Again, the ALL performed

flawlessly, destroying the drone and demonstrating that airborne laser

weapons are possible.
In fact, the technological breakthroughs achieved

with the ALL helped inspire President Ronald Reagan to launch the

Strategic Defense Initiative and lead several years later to the YAL-1A

airborne laser system.
Mr. Speaker, as conflicts around the world show us every day, the

U.S. and its allies are constantly under attack from new and more

sophisticated enemies.
If we are going to continue protecting our

citizens and our allies, we need to ensure that our fighting men and

women have the best technology possible.
The men and women who worked

on the ALL deserve our deepest appreciation for what they accomplished

to keep this country safe and, as the ALL logo states, give us all

``Peace Through Light.''