The Okaloosa STEMM Academy is an innovative middle school that

provides a free and public education to sixth through eighth grade

students in Okaloosa County with a curriculum focused on academic rigor

and excellence.
The STEMM Academy was established in 2012 as part of

the Okaloosa STEMM Center.
The curriculum has been specifically

designed to enable students to transition to high school having

completed numerous high school courses, including Algebra I Honors,

Geometry I Honors, Physical Science Honors, Fundamentals of Web Design,

and Earth Space Science Honors.
I am proud that Northwest Florida is

home to a multi-faceted academy for students interested in pursuing

STEMM careers.
I, along with all of Northwest Florida, thank Principal Scheree

Martin, the teachers, administration, and staff at Okaloosa STEMM

Academy for their hard work and dedication to their students, families,

and this community.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I am

privileged to recognize Okaloosa STEMM Academy on this incredible

achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE EXEMPLARY SERVICE OF MR.
BARRY CHASTAIN

HON.
RALPH NORMAN

Mr. NORMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an outstanding

citizen, Mr. Barry Chastain, a remarkable individual who has devoted

over 38 years to federal service.
Currently serving as the Area Port

Director for Customs and Border Protection (CBP) in North Carolina, Mr.

Chastain's contributions to the Carolinas and our Nation are

immeasurable.
In his capacity as the Area Port Director, Mr. Chastain

shoulders the responsibility of overseeing six international ports of

entry in North Carolina, where he manages a workforce of more than 150

dedicated employees.
These ports collectively process over 3.5 million

passengers and handle over 4 billion dollars in imported goods

annually.
Under his vigilant leadership, the seamless flow of

legitimate trade coexists with stringent security measures to safeguard

our national interests.
Mr. Chastain serves as the senior CBP

representative to all federal, state, and local law enforcement

partners in North Carolina.
His ability to foster cooperation and

collaboration among these agencies is integral to the safety and well-

being of our citizens.
Mr. Chastain's illustrious career extends beyond his current role.
His previous leadership assignments within the United States Department

of Agriculture's Plant Protection and Quarantine Division in North

Carolina exemplify his unwavering dedication to protecting our

agricultural and biological resources.
He also served as the Officer in

Charge in South Carolina and Eastern Georgia, where he provided

leadership and innovation to shield our natural resources from invasive

plant pests and foreign animal diseases.
Mr. Chastain's career within Customs and Border Protection includes

various leadership roles, such as serving as the Assistant Area Port

Director for Trade Operations and the Assistant Area Port Director for

Passenger and Tactical Operations.
In these roles, he managed

international passenger clearance programs, trade processing, maritime

and military clearance operations, and led all CBP enforcement programs

for the Area Port of Charlotte.
Mr. Chastain's commitment to national and regional security extends

to his involvement in high-profile national projects, including the

Democratic National Convention, the G-8 Summit, and numerous FEMA

Region IV hurricane response events.
His capacity to manage complex and

critical tasks on a large scale is a valuable asset to our nation.
Moreover, Mr. Chastain has excelled in establishing stakeholder

partnerships and currently serves as an Executive Steering Committee

Member of the North Carolina Joint Terrorist Task Force (JTTF).
His

contributions to this task force are crucial to our state's security

efforts.
Mr. Chastain's outstanding career in federal service, his

commitment to national security, and his exemplary leadership in

Customs and Border Protection are truly commendable.
The Carolinas and

our Nation are fortunate to have such a dedicated public servant.
We

extend our heartfelt appreciation for his remarkable service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RANKING ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND

EASTERN SHORE

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.