The Prime Minister has been a great champion of transport projects on the Welsh borders, including the electrification of the main line in north Wales, the reopening of Corwen station and the Gobowen to Oswestry line, and also substantial levelling-up fund investment in the Llangollen and Montgomery canals.
Will the Prime Minister now deliver on the long-awaited Pant-Llanymynech bypass and prioritise the dualling of the A5/A483 in Clwyd South and North Shropshire?
We are making significant improvements to our cross-border rail services across the Union.
Thanks to our decision on HS2, we can now provide an unprecedented £1 billion of investment to fund the electrification of the north Wales main line, which will ensure reliable, punctual journeys between north Wales and multiple cities across the north-west of England.
We are also continuing to develop the Pant-Llanymynech bypass scheme in our next round of the road investment plans, and a section of the A5 in England will be considered by National Highways as part of the midlands and Gloucestershire to Wales route strategy.
It is important that the covid inquiry has all the relevant documents; that is what the public, including thousands of bereaved families, expect and deserve.
But despite being a self-described tech bro, the Prime Minister has been unable to locate and provide his WhatsApp messages to the inquiry.
Does he agree that devices should be handed over to experts to retrieve this information?
Both the Government and I have fully co-operated to provide tens of thousands of documents to the covid inquiry, and I look forward to giving evidence later this year.
With the ongoing national crisis in NHS dentistry being raised here most weeks, can my right hon.
Friend advise as to when the dentistry plan produced by the Department of Health and Social Care will be published?
Can he ensure that any clawed-back unspent funds are ringfenced for NHS dentistry, so as to deal with emergencies and to help clear the backlog?
We are investing £3 billion in NHS dentistry, and the reformed dental contract is helping to improve NHS access for patients.
I am pleased to say that NHS dental activity in the past year increased by almost a quarter compared with the year before, but the forthcoming dental recovery plan, which will be out shortly, will include action to incentivise dentists to deliver even more NHS care.
It is an honour to be elected to this place, and the standards by which we are expected to abide matter.
Does the Prime Minister therefore accept that it was ill-judged for him to fail to declare to Parliament that companies linked to his wife had benefited to the tune of £2 billion from a fund he had set up as Chancellor?
Will he correct the record now?
It is worth bearing in mind that Labour Front Benchers backed the Future Fund when it was introduced—indeed, they were calling for more funding for it, not less.
The House will be aware of my wife’s shareholdings in various British start-ups.
That is her career.
Those are on the record, and I am happy to put that on the record again.
It is worth bearing in mind that the Future Fund helped more than 1,200 different companies.
Neither the Government nor the British Business Bank chose any of those specific investments; it was open to any British firm that met the criteria.
The UK is at risk of being left behind on hydrogen internal combustion engines.
The EU and the USA now recognise hydrogen combustion engines as zero-emission and are supporting those industries, as all viable zero-carbon technologies will be needed—particularly for our HGVs, according to the Renewable Hydrogen Alliance.
I am working with BorgWarner, PHINIA and many MPs on HICE, because this issue is crucial for UK jobs, skills and manufacturing.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to urgently extending the scope of the automotive transformation fund industrialisation grants to include hydrogen engines, so that we win the HICE race?
The Government are determined to ensure that the UK remains one of the best locations in the world for automotive manufacturing.
Hydrogen fuel cells and their upstream supply chains are already  in the scope of the ATF, and support for the fund has enabled Johnson Matthey’s £60 million investment in Hertfordshire to develop hydrogen technologies.
I am told by the Secretary of State for Business and Trade that the Department for Business and Trade is continuing to look at the future possibilities for renewable hydrogen and will consider the fund’s eligibility in light of the new developments in this space.
There is an email in my inbox from a constituent who has family in Gaza.
It reads: “My heart can’t handle this anymore.
We are being massacred, relentlessly bombed.
Homes destroyed.
No water, no food, no electricity.”
Save the Children reports that one child is killed every 15 minutes.
As I speak, the lives of 130 babies in incubators are in danger if fuel does not reach their hospital in time.
This is collective punishment of the Palestinian people in Gaza, for crimes they did not commit.
How many more innocent Palestinians must die before the Prime Minister calls for a humanitarian ceasefire?