I join the Prime Minister in his comments about all those affected by the storms.
I start by welcoming my hon.
Friend  the new Member for Mid Bedfordshire (Alistair Strathern) —the first Labour MP ever to represent those beautiful towns and villages.
He defied the odds, history and of course the fantasy Lib Dem bar charts.
I also welcome my hon.
Friend  the new Member for Tamworth (Sarah Edwards) .
She will be a powerful representative for her constituents.
Is the Prime Minister as relieved as I am that those constituents are not burdened with his defeated candidate, who told them—do not worry, Mr Speaker; I am going to sanitise this—to eff off if they are struggling with the cost of living?
I am proud of what this Government have been doing to support the most vulnerable over the past year.
In fact I join the right hon.
and learned Gentleman in welcoming the new Members to their places.
After all, I suspect that the new Member for Mid Beds may actually support me a little more than the last one—[Laughter.]
I did notice that the new Member said that they will be opposing new housing in their local area, while the new Member for Tamworth claimed that they will protect green spaces.
I urge them to have a word with their leader, because that is not exactly his position—although with his track record of U-turns, who knows what his housing policy will be next week?
So much for being the change candidate!
The Prime Minister cannot even distance himself from those appalling comments.
I have to ask him, where on earth does he think his candidate got the idea in the first place that throwing expletives at struggling families was his Government’s official position?
Let us just look at the record of what this Government are doing to help those people: paying for around half of a typical family’s energy bill over the last year, support worth over £1,500; the most vulnerable in our society receiving £900 in direct cost of living support; record increases in the national living wage; record increases in welfare; and this winter, pensioners to receive an extra £200 or £300 alongside their winter fuel payment to help them through what we know is a tough time.
All of that significant support, funded by this Government, would be put at risk by Labour’s reckless plans to borrow £28 billion a year.