The Minister said clearly that there has been consultation with Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Will he indicate who those discussions have taken place with?
Was it banks, or the Departments looking after matters in the absence of a functioning Northern Ireland Assembly?
I am keen to know who does the work to ensure that there is accountability for everyone.
That is a good point.
There are clearly different legal jurisdictions in Northern Ireland and Scotland, with of course the Court of Session in Scotland.
From a legal perspective, the counsel in those jurisdictions are the people who discuss this.
In wider issues such as failure to prevent, banks and many other stakeholders have people who will consult during the process.
I am happy to keep up the conversation with the hon.
Gentleman.
The reason I asked the question is quite specific, although it might not necessarily relate to the issue directly.
The Minister refers to banks.
A number of local organisations and community groups back home, which are registered and constituted as community institutions, have had their bank accounts closed.
Banks have closed their accounts down because they say they are non-profitable.
Is it right that banks should be able to do that?
I know the Minister understands the matter— Order.
Can I just help a little bit?
The hon.
Gentleman is very good, but his intervention is very long.
Why does he not put down to speak?
It might be easier.
I have to get other people in as well.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue relating to the concerns about de-banking that we have across the economy.
The Economic Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith)  is looking at it, as is the Treasury.
In future, it is our intention to ensure that when banks close accounts they give a valid reason why, rather than closing them summarily.
He is absolutely right to raise the point and I am very happy to engage with him on it, because it affects businesses as well as community groups.
To conclude, I encourage everyone to agree with the Government’s position on these two areas.
It is vital that we achieve Royal Assent without delay, so we can proceed to implement the important reforms in the Bill as quickly as possible.
It is an honour to speak on the Bill again.
I was hoping that we could conclude the proceedings on the Bill as soon as possible and it is disappointing that the Government are yet to make further compromises.
The Bill is welcome in principle, but it should not have taken the war on Ukraine to prompt the Government into action.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friends the Members for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge) and for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne), and to Members across the House for working together to improve the Bill.
Economic crime poses a threat to our country’s national security, our institutions, our economy, and causes serious harm to our citizens and wider society.
Conservative  estimates place the cost of economic crime at £290 million a year, according to the National Crime Agency, and the failure to stop criminals benefiting from the proceeds of their crime can fund further criminality.
That can include offences such as funding organised crime groups, terrorist activity, drug dealing and people trafficking—this is a very serious issue.
Economic crime, as the Minister knows, has many victims.
For too long, the Government have turned a blind eye to corrupt and dirty money, allowing Russian illicit finance to flood into Britain.
That lets Putin’s cronies stash ill-gotten gains and even recycle the proceeds of crime into luxury properties.
That is well documented and has been highlighted by many Members across the House, as well as in Select Committees.
According to analysis by Transparency International, properties to the tune of £6.7 billion have been bought through suspicious wealth.
Of those, almost a quarter in value were “bought by Russians accused of corruption or links to the Kremlin.”
Most are held via secretive offshore companies.
That drives up property prices for ordinary people in our country.
More than two-thirds of English and Welsh properties held by foreign shell companies do not report their true owners.
Research by the London School of Economics and Warwick University shows that the Register of Overseas Entities is not fully effective.
For 71% of such properties, essential information about their beneficial owners remains missing or publicly inaccessible, despite the register.
That means we still cannot know whether sanctioned individuals, money launderers or other corrupt individuals are benefiting from those properties.
We must not sustain economic growth off the back of dirty money.
The Government have already delayed the Bill and these actions for too long.
In that time, money has been lost, economic crime has become ingrained and the UK economy has once again lost out.
Given that the nature and necessity of the Bill has already been discussed at length, I will focus on addressing the two amendments.
During the passage of the Bill, helpful alterations have been made to ensure that it is robust.
The Lords amendments before us today seek to address two omissions.
We are very disappointed that the Government are not willing to compromise and not willing to heed the wise and expert input of the Lords.
That is deeply disappointing, because a great deal could be achieved if the Minister and his Government took note, including from hon.
and learned Members on their own side.
rose— If the Minister is brief, rather than talking the Bill out like he did last time, I will give way.
I will be very brief.
On the question of compromise, the hon.
Lady will have noticed that there was no “failure to prevent” offence when the legislation was first tabled, nor was there an identification doctrine.
There has been significant compromise on the Government side.
Our preference, clearly, is to move forward in that spirit of compromise.
We have achieved a great deal with the Bill, which has moved from under 300 pages to 400 pages.
I do not think it is right to say that the Government have not compromised.
When the Minister was a Back Bencher, he was a powerful advocate on the very issues we are discussing today.
It is a shame he has been muzzled, but I appreciate that he is in a difficult position.
I hope we can have some comprise, but clearly he has not managed to persuade senior members of his Government.
I ask the Government to once again carefully consider these amendments, so that we can best tackle the problem of fraud and economic crime.