Almost 2,000 days have passed since the Government first promised to ban conversion therapy, and 533 days have passed since a conversion therapy
Bill was promised in the last Queen’s Speech.
The delays are not this Minister’s responsibility; according to the press, they are a result of differing views on the Government Front Bench, but because of that there is still no Bill.
Can the Minister tell the House whether the next King’s Speech will include a commitment to a full, loophole-free ban on LGBT conversion therapy—yes or no?
I should have thought the hon.
Lady would know that no one ever makes announcements about what is in the King’s Speech ahead of His Majesty’s delivery of that speech.
Let me also say to her, respectfully, that she should not believe everything she reads in the press.
As for the rest of her question, I refer her to the answer I gave a few moments ago.
I would therefore counsel the Minister to advise his colleagues to stop briefing the press on these issues and get on with delivering, because there are failures when it comes to delivery for LGBT+ people.
Yesterday I met Michael Smith, who was viciously attacked at a bus stop simply for being with his partner.
Police-recorded sexual orientation hate crime has increased by more than 70% in the last five years, and more than a third of all hate crimes are now “violence against the person” offences.
I know that the Minister cares deeply about this subject, so can he please explain why his Government do not agree with Labour or with the Law Commission that every violent act of hatred should be punished in the same way—as an aggravated offence?
Let me say to the hon.
Lady that as someone who was hospitalised after being attacked because of my sexuality, I know how difficult that is.
It is not just the attack that is painful but what is left afterwards.
I will continue to raise each of these issues, but I want to make this point.
I keep hearing that we do not care about LGBT issues.
It was this Government who introduced  same-sex marriage, and it was this Government who introduced it in Northern Ireland.
It was this Government who introduced Turing’s law in 2017.
We have modernised gender recognition certificates and made them affordable.
We have removed self-funding for fertility treatment for same sex-couples, lifted the ban on blood donation, and tackled LGBT-related bullying in schools.
We have apologised for the way in which LGBT people were treated in the armed forces, and we have provided funding to ensure that LGBT rights across the Commonwealth are protected.[Official Report,  7 November 2023 , Vol. 740, c. 4MC.]
Order.
We need to make progress now.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on tackling pay inequalities in the labour market.
Owing to my joint roles—I am also Secretary of State for Business and Trade—I have a unique understanding of unjust pay disparities, and I am proud of the steps that this Government have taken to tackle them.
We will publish new guidance in April to help employers to measure, report on and address unfair ethnicity pay differences, and it was a Conservative Government who introduced gender pay gap reporting in 2017.
Nineteen US states have banned employers from asking prospective employees about their salary history, meaning that people are paid what the job is worth and not just what the bosses can get away with.
This has had a massive impact on tackling unequal pay for women and black workers in particular.
Having talked about piloting a similar salary history measure, why have the Government appeared to stall on what would be a really positive policy?
We are not stalling.
Our pilot will support employers to take steps towards transparency in their own organisations, to see the impact for themselves.
We know that this is not straightforward, which is why we will ensure that employers looking to implement greater transparency in their recruitment processes are able to access best practice and learn from each other.