The Minister highlighted all the problems with the amendments, but I want to talk about their strengths.
The noble Lord Garnier’s amendment on “failure to prevent” fraud, which exempts small and micro-enterprises, highlights that the criminal law should be uniform and apply to all in a similar way.
This is not just a small insignificant amendment, but a change that would significantly alter law enforcement.
For context, fraud is the most common crime in the UK, accounting for 41% of all crimes.
Introducing a “failure to prevent” offence would help to deter companies from engaging in or facilitating fraud.
To fully change corporate behaviour, we must ensure that the offence applies to all companies, regardless of size.
As has been stated on many occasions, since the “failure to prevent” bribery covers all companies, there is no reason why this measure should not also cover businesses of all sizes.
It simply creates more discrepancies and confusion for businesses.
The size of a business should not determine who is exempt.
The Government have touted this exemption as a protection for small businesses against unnecessary red tape, but in reality this carve out deprives small and medium-size enterprises of the defence of having put in place reasonable anti-fraud procedures.
Smaller companies will instead be covered only by the fraud offence itself, when large companies would be caught by the lighter “failure to prevent” fraud offence.
The introduction of a new “failure to prevent” offence should apply to all, and the corresponding defence of putting in place reasonable defence procedures should be available to all.
In effect, through this carve out, the Government are creating an uneven playing field that is biased against smaller companies.
The Bill currently leaves large gaps for economic crime to not only persist but flourish, which I know is not the intention of the Minister.
The amendment would have gone a long way to addressing those issues.
I ask him once again to carefully consider the amendment, rather than reject it.
I want to turn to the amendment from the noble Lord Faulks, on cost protections in civil recovery cases.
The amendment gives more discretion to court judges to alter the allocation of legal costs to ensure that extortionate legal fees are not a hindrance to justice.
The spirit of the amendment is that it will help to prevent criminals benefiting from the proceeds of crimes, here or around the world.
When it comes to cases where enforcement agencies are trying to prosecute high-level, large-scale economic crime, cost orders remain a serious barrier.
I know that first-hand from evidence we received when I served on the Treasury Committee, where we conducted two inquiries on these issues.
Our enforcement agencies need strong backing if they are to take on fraud, money laundering and other types of economic crime on the largest scale.
Right now, the Government should be on the side of our agencies, rather than tying their hands behind their backs.
The amendment would  ensure that criminals, cronies and kleptocrats are not given cover by leaving the back door open for them to spend their way out of justice.
That cannot be right.
It would ensure that the size of their bank accounts and assets does not give them a guaranteed get out of jail free card just because they can afford to meet any expenses required to support their case.
The Minister knows that this is a problem; he has heard evidence of it.
He knows that it is a serious issue that needs to be addressed.
It has been disappointing to observe the Government’s lack of willingness to protect our law enforcement.
It seems reasonable that a court could have discretion on how to allocate costs, especially when we know of previous cases, one of which resulted in a family’s seeking costs amounting to a staggering £1.5 million.
That represents 40% of the National Crime Agency’s annual budget between 2015 and 2018.
The Bill is almost over the line, and I acknowledge that there have been some improvements, but we could do a great deal more.
We have welcomed the Bill and we welcome the Lords amendments, so we are disappointed that the Government continue to fail to support them.
We would be in a much better place if there were a compromise.
The “failure to prevent” offence is a case in point.
For years we have been calling for a replication of the successes of the Bribery Act 2010.
Sadly, our capital city has been nicknamed “Londongrad”, and is now considered to be a capital where money laundering and fraud are rife.
That means that we must do more to tackle these issues, but the Bill provides only part of the solution.
The present circumstances require much more radical action than the timidity that we have witnessed both today and in the last Session.
It is saddening that the Government have missed such an important opportunity.
We will continue to hold their feet to the fire, but given the lack of compromise, it will be for the next Government—the next Labour Government, I hope—to pick up the pieces and toughen up our response in order to end the corrosive impact of dirty money in our country.
rose— Order.
Before I call the next speaker, let me point out—it may not be obvious—that we only have until 1.51 pm to complete this business.
I therefore appeal for brevity.
I am not going to impose a time limit, because given that everyone present is a distinguished and experienced Member, we should not need one.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I just want to be clear about this.
I assume that we can speak until 1.51 pm, and vote after that.
Is that correct?
It is.
Let me say for the purpose of clarity that the right hon.
Lady is absolutely correct.
There has been a great deal of improvement in the Bill, and much of its content is welcome.
I recognise that,  and I also recognise what the Minister has said, but I am sorry to say that the dead hand of the Treasury has yet again got in the way of our getting the Bill into the best possible state.
Let us be blunt about it.
The Government, regrettably, have not moved, which is why I support the amendment tabled by  the right hon.
Member for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge)  and my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , which I have signed and which, I think, offers a sensible compromise.
If it takes longer for the Treasury and other parts of the Government to be persuaded, well and good: let us have a proper review after 12 months.
However, a serious issue has arisen, and I want to make two brief points about it.
Let me deal first with the point made in the other place by Lord Garnier about the inherent contradictions in a test of criminality based on the size of an organisation.
I can see that there is a proportionality point to be made about very small enterprises, but there is good evidence—and anyone who practises in the field will know—that fraud and other illicit activity are often channelled through smaller companies, and the people in those companies are precisely the people over whom we do need to have a degree of control.
Law enforcement is not, with respect, needless bureaucracy; it is fundamental to good business, and I think that that point is regrettably being missed.
It was a point underlined when we heard public evidence on the Bill.
People explained to us how a number of different smaller companies might well be set up to become conduits for fraud.
That is a compelling point, and it accords with the evidence that the Justice Committee was given in relation to our inquiry into fraud in the justice system.
The irony is that the Government’s current stance may well create a perverse incentive.
That is certainly not what the Minister wants, and it is not what anyone in the House ought to want.
The point about cost caps is important as well, but I am particularly exercised about the “failure to prevent” offence.
Everyone has argued for that, and we are nearly there.
I hoped that the Government, being reasonable, would say, “Let us have a look at it; let us have a commitment in the Bill.”
I accept that the Minister is an entirely honourable man, and I accept what he says, but I know from personal experience that Ministers do not stay forever.
At the end of the day, we want an assurance that this provision will be written into the statute and there will be a review, because it is so important.
I beg the Minister to reflect on that.
Otherwise, those of us who want to be able to support the Government today will find ourselves in a position where we cannot do so, although there is so little between us.
The ability to move just that little bit further would send a much better signal.
As it is, the Lords passed these amendments last time with larger majorities than before, and they will be entitled to take note of that in the event that the Bill goes back to them again.
I therefore hope that, even at the last minute, the Government will reflect.