The Prime Minister keeps boasting about how great things are; the voters keep telling him that he has got it wrong.
I can see why the Tamworth candidate thought that he was just following Government lines.
Annalisa and her two children lived in their home for eight years.
In May, they were kicked out with a no-fault eviction notice.
Despite his Government’s pledge to scrap no-fault evictions, this week the Prime Minister crumbled to the landlords on his own Back Benches and killed the policy.
What message, other than the message delivered by his candidate in Tamworth, could Annalisa possibly take from that?
We have taken significant action to help renters like Annalisa and others.
We have capped holding deposits at one week.
We have protected tenants from rip-off tenancy fees, delivered almost half a million affordable homes for rent, halved the percentage of substandard homes in the private rented sector, and strengthened local authority enforcement powers, because the Government are delivering for renters.
We are also trying to ensure that the new generation can buy their own home, so perhaps the Leader of the Opposition can explain to Annalisa and millions of others why when we brought forward plans to unlock 100,000 new homes, he stood in the way of that?
[Interruption.]
Order.
Just to say, it is Prime Minister’s questions, not Opposition’s questions.
[Interruption.]
I am sorry, Prime Minister; it is Prime Minister’s questions.
I do not need you nodding against my decision.
I am sure that Annalisa and her children, who have now been evicted, will take great comfort from that non-answer.
Emma and her teenage son saw their mortgage go up by more than a quarter—[Interruption.]
Government Members may think this is funny, but this is real life.
After 16 years of dutifully paying the mortgage, for the first time she is having to choose between new shoes for her son and putting the heating on—all because the Prime Minister’s party crashed the economy, pushing mortgage rates to their highest levels in decades.
He says, “Ignore all that”—ignore the fact that the guilty men and women responsible are standing again as his candidates and still setting his policy.
Can he not see why Emma might think that his party is telling them exactly where to go?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman keeps talking about the mini-Budget; I will not ask him a question, Mr Speaker, but I will just point out that he actually supported 95% of the things in that mini-Budget, which I did not.
He has had a whole  summer to get on top of the details, but he is still ignoring the fact that rising interest rates are a global challenge.
They are at their highest level in America and Europe for more than 20 or 30 years.
Mortgage rates have doubled in America and trebled in Europe.
To help mortgage holders, we want to ensure that they can use the mortgage charter we have agreed with the banks.
Thanks to the steps we have taken, someone with a £200,000 property with about £100,000 left on their mortgage could save more than £350 a month and lock in a new deal six months before theirs ended, and repossessions will be prohibited for 12 months from the first missed payment.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman might have missed that that policy is twice as generous as Labour’s.
Absolutely tone deaf.
In every caff, pub and supermarket in Britain, people are having the same conversation: “We can’t afford that—put it back on the shelf.
It’s too expensive.”
The Prime Minister is completely oblivious, just patting himself on the back.
Emily and Jamie have worked hard and been saving to buy their own home.
They were nearly there last year, but he scrapped house building targets because his Back Benchers pushed him around.
House building has fallen off a cliff, shattering the simple dream of home ownership for people like Emily and Jamie.
Can the Prime Minister now see that, actually, his candidate in Tamworth was just loyally following the party line?
These prepared lines really are not working for him any more.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman literally asked me a question about the support we are providing for mortgage holders; I gave him the answer to that question and then he read from his script that I had not answered the question.
We are providing significant help for all these people.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has moved on to housing targets.
Here is the record: 2.5 million additional homes; housing starts double what we inherited from the Labour party; housing supply up 10%; on track to deliver a million new homes; and a record number of first-time buyers.
He brought up his candidates in Tamworth and Mid Beds as we opened this session, and he is now saying he wants to build homes; well, both of those candidates say that they want to block new homes in their constituencies.
Simon Hoare.
rose—
Sorry—Keir Starmer.
Across our country the British people are rolling up their sleeves and getting on with it, doing their best in the face of a punishing cost of living crisis and a Government who have abandoned them—abandoned renters at risk of being kicked out, abandoned mortgage payers struggling to make ends meet, and abandoned people who dream of owning their own house.
The truth is that the Prime Minister’s candidate in Tamworth summed up perfectly just how he and his Tories are treating the British public, so will he just call a general election and give the British public the chance to respond, as they did in Selby, Mid Beds and Tamworth?
They have heard the Government telling them to eff off, and they want the chance to return the compliment.
As we saw with the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s recent decisions on building new houses, politicians like him always take the easy way out, whereas we are getting on with making the right long-term decisions to change this country for the better—on net zero, on High Speed 2, on a smoke-free generation, on education and on energy security.
Contrast that with his leadership: too cautious to say anything and hoping that nobody notices.
Let me tell him: come that general election, the British people will.