The UK Government’s “Inclusive Britain update report” acknowledges the value of measuring the ethnicity pay gap and the Government have published guidance for employers noting that employers can use ethnicity pay gap calculations to consider evidence-based actions to address any unfair disparities.
Despite that, the UK Government will not legislate to mandate reporting.
Since employment law is a reserved matter, will the Minister urge her Government to do the right thing and mandate ethnicity pay gap reporting, or urge the devolution of employment law to Scotland so that the Scottish Government can?
Absolutely not.
This is something that we will not be devolving and it absolutely should not be mandatory.
Ethnicity pay gaps cannot be measured in the same way as gender pay gaps.
I have said this to the hon.
Lady at this Dispatch Box multiple times.
We can measure a pay gap where a population is binary male and female but we cannot do it across a broad spectrum of ethnicity.
We have published guidance for those employers who want to do this, but it would be absolutely wrong to mandate.
What recent estimate she has made of the level of additional costs affecting households with disabled people.
We will spend around £78.6 billion this year on benefits to support disabled people and people with health conditions.
No such estimate has been made but as a Government we are providing total support of more than £94 billion from 2022 to 2024 and we are determined to help all households and individuals with the rising cost of bills.
This includes an additional £150 for more than 6 million disabled people.
That is great, but back in the real world the Minister really does know that the rising cost of living is having a disproportionately negative impact on disabled people.
They face higher living costs as a consequence and they still face barriers to employment.
Does she accept that targeted action, including disability pay gap reporting, is now needed to support disabled people?
If the hon.
Gentleman is concerned about his disabled constituents, I can point him to the household support fund, which is also helping those constituents and their carers.
In his constituency—in his real world—an additional £4.4 million has landed to support him.
This is not a matter for the Department for Work and Pensions, but I am sure that it will have been heard.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that funds are made available to get disabled people into employment via Access to Work.
However, there are significant delays in those funds being made available, once granted.
Additional costs to disabled people—for example, their paying £6,000 for powered wheels—come at more of a cost when they are obliged to pay for them on their credit card because they cannot access the funds in time.
Will she please work with colleagues across the DWP to ensure that there are no delays in getting access to the funds that will help disabled people into work?