Last week, Suffolk experienced its worst local floods for over 100 years, with communities in and around Needham Market, Framlingham, Debenham and Wickham Market particularly badly affected.
Homes and businesses have been destroyed.
In Suffolk, the community has rallied together, in a very stoic and pragmatic way, to support those in need at this very difficult time.
What longer-term support can the Prime Minister offer to the people of Suffolk whose businesses and homes have been affected by these floods, to help them to recover and rebuild?
Flooding is a devastating experience, and I extend my sympathies to all those affected, including those in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I am pleased to say that, through the flood recovery framework, we are confirming additional financial support for the most affected households and businesses.
This will include a £500 grant for households and council tax discounts and business rates relief of up to 100% for three months.
Small and medium-sized businesses will also be eligible for a £2,500 business recovery grant, and there is a grant of up to £5,000 to make flooded homes more resilient to future flooding.
We recognise the heroic efforts of local councils like my hon.
Friend’s and of emergency responders everywhere who have been working tirelessly in affected areas.
They have our thanks, and we stand ready to consider any requests from councils to support their recovery efforts.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The House rises tomorrow for 10 days, I believe.
Regrettably and sadly, it may be likely that a ground invasion of Gaza will commence during that period.
This not only has consequences for the Palestinians and the Israelis, but could create turmoil and destabilise the whole middle east.
I appreciate that it is the Government who determine whether or not Parliament is recalled but, in your conversations with the Government, will you advise them that the House should be recalled to debate such a serious issue?
You are absolutely right that it would not be for me under the normal rules, although I recognise the importance of a major escalation and what could happen in the middle east.
You are correct that it would be for the Government—not for me, unfortunately—to recall the House.
I will work through the usual channels to try to ensure that, quite rightly, we look to see what can be done in what would be special circumstances, because obviously the House will have prorogued.
I do not lose sight of what you have said, and I take it on board.
I will work with others behind the scenes to see how we would manage such a situation.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I can assure the House that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my office, and other Departments across Whitehall are very aware that this House will want to be kept updated about the ongoing situation.
Many right hon.
and hon.
Members will have constituents directly affected, and we are working with the House of Commons Library to ensure that people are updated about the situation during the recess.
Okay, thank you.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance to understand how we can table written questions about the Government’s policy of evicting Afghans from hotel accommodation—a project run by the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs out of the Cabinet Office.
I have given the Minister notice that I would raise this issue.
Despite the Minister’s having given multiple statements to the House this year on the housing of our Afghan friends, my Front-Bench colleagues and I are unable to table written questions to the Cabinet Office, which instead are being reallocated to either the Home Office or the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The Table Office staff are great, but I think a bit of parliamentary plumbing needs to be put in place to make sure that effective scrutiny via written question of the Minister leading this area is possible.
Please could you advise how I can ensure that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs can be successfully scrutinised by written parliamentary question for the area he leads on in Government?
I am concerned by what the hon.
Member has raised and grateful to him for giving me notice of his point of order.
He will know that the Table Office is guided by Government Departments about the matter of which Ministers respond to questions and on policy areas.
I will look into the matter; I take it very seriously and I am very concerned.
We all know that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs is very concerned about veterans, so I am sure he will be disappointed to know that those questions are not reaching him.
I will investigate.
The Leader of the House is here, and I am sure that she will assist me.
I am sure that we can work together, because no Member should be unable to lay questions to the Minister.
Ministers are answerable to this House.
All Members, from whatever party, should have that ability.
I am very disappointed by what I have been told.
We will get to the bottom of it.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )12.41 pm I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require local authorities to publish a register of derelict buildings in their area; to make provision in respect of the preparation and maintenance of such registers; and for connected purposes.
My home town, now my home city, is a place I am very proud of.
Doncaster has many wonderful assets and the people are the best in the land.
However, although 95-plus per cent.
of it is great, some parts are not so.
The Bill will make a real difference to that.
Derelict buildings are a problem.
They blight our cities, towns and villages.
This place has provided local authorities with powers to tackle derelict buildings.
Sadly though, those powers are not being used as we intended.
The Bill will provide an incentive to local authorities to do their duty and exercise their powers for the community as Parliament intended.
It will start to address their dereliction of duty.
We do not even know exactly how many derelict sites there are or precisely where they are.
How can we as a society tackle the problem of derelict buildings until we truly know the scale of the problem?
It is a problem of real significance.
As I come home on the train to Doncaster from Parliament on a Thursday evening, the first listed building I see is Denison House by the railway station.
The windows are smashed, weeds are growing out of the guttering and there is general neglect—derelict.
I walk through the station and see the Grand theatre, another listed building—derelict, again.
I walk through town past Waterdale—derelict.
I pass by the new expensive and shiny but half-empty council building, and on South Parade I see another Denison House—also listed, and also derelict.
This is the former home of Sir Edmund Beckett-Denison, the man who in 1848 brought the railways to Doncaster.
That building of his is now an eyesore—derelict, again.
As I drive to the towns and villages across my constituency, I pass Tyram Hall—derelict.
I keep on driving into Thorne to view the works to reopen the leisure centre, and I drive by Haynes House—derelict.
I pass Thorne brewery—derelict.
I have a Secretary of State visit Doncaster, and I take him to Edlington’s leisure centre—derelict.
Prince’s Crescent—many properties there are also derelict.
The list goes on and on.
Why is this so?
It is because there is no register, no personal responsibility and no example set by Labour-controlled City of Doncaster Council; the powers they hold are not being exercised.
Labour’s care for our city is seemingly as derelict as the properties I have described.
We cannot let this state of affairs continue; if we do, all we shall see is further deterioration and more derelict buildings.
It drags us all down to their level—levelling down, not levelling up.
My Bill would ensure that all derelict buildings are identified.
It would answer three questions: first, what is the definition of a derelict building; secondly, who will create and maintain the list; and thirdly, how will it be accessible to the public?
Albert Einstein is reputed to have said this about solving problems: “If I had an hour to solve a problem, I’d spend 55 minutes thinking about the problem and five minutes thinking about solutions.”
I have given this considerable thought, and it seems to me that the first step must be to have a register of derelict buildings.
The obvious body well placed for this exercise would be the local authority.
Local authorities already have the necessary infrastructure and resources.
They have a list of all the empty buildings already.
They maintain records for council tax and business rates for properties, including those that are exempt.
They will accordingly have a list of all buildings and structures within their area of jurisdiction, within their boundaries.
It is important to note that their departments for planning and building control, as well as for council tax and business rates, will have records that can be cross-referenced.
Not only are local authorities an obvious candidate, but they are the ones best placed.
There is no need to set up a quango, no need to spend enormous sums of taxpayers’ money and, as we have seen, local authorities already have the infrastructure and the records.
It would merely be a question of identifying which of the empty buildings are derelict.
They all have websites with information accessible by the public.
The small steps required of them by the Bill would not incur substantial additional expenditure.
Ongoing maintenance of the records would not require much time, effort or expense either.
My Bill will be the first step on this journey to addressing the blight of derelict buildings in our communities.
This is the first step to the solution.
By passing a law requiring all local authorities to identify derelict buildings in their area, we can start to make progress.
Let me start with the definitions.
A derelict site is defined in my Bill as a site that has a structure or structures upon the land that are ruinous, derelict or in dangerous condition.
The next step is to identify the derelict buildings and properties.
Council officers would first check their existing records for empty properties.
Most such properties, if not all, will be easily identified by their status regarding payment of council tax or business rates.
A provisional list can be easily created which then should be published.
Additionally, all local authorities have district councillors, who should know their wards intimately—Conservative councillors do; that I do know.
It seems to me that each councillor could easily provide the council with the details and addresses of buildings they believe are an eyesore in their locality, and they should be put on a provisional list.
I would not expect there to be many that were not in that list.
Those properties would then be visited by council officers to establish the condition.
The properties on the provisional list would then be classified as derelict and the owner given 28 days’ notice of the intention to give that classification to the property.
Any owner would have the right to object, providing reasons in writing.
These objections could then be reviewed.
The local authority could then either withdraw the classification or confirm it.
So why is such a list of any value to us?
The advantages are numerous.
It would enable us first to know the scale of the problem.
It would provide an incentive to all  areas to see that list reduce, rather than increase.
Should the buildings be left as they are, be improved or be demolished?
These are questions that will arise, and the right answers may be different across the board.
Should improvement works be exempt from VAT?
Should compulsory purchase orders be made?
Should owners be required to carry out improvements or demolition?
Should they be persuaded to address that by carrot or stick, or indeed by both?
Many such questions arise.
The Bill does not attempt to answer them.
It would, however, enable us for the first time to understand the scale of the problem faced by every part of this wonderful country.
I want to ensure that our cities, towns and villages are not blighted.
Derelict buildings are a blight—there is no doubt about that.
Let us identify the scale of the problem.
Let us learn from the wisdom of Albert Einstein.
Let us think about the problem.
The Bill would enable us to do exactly that.
Then, and only then, shall we find the solutions and return all our towns and cities to their former glory.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Nick Fletcher, Dr Liam Fox, Antony Higginbotham, Mark Eastwood, Damien Moore, Paul Bristow, Brendan Clarke-Smith, Mark Jenkinson, Danny Kruger, Lia Nici, Alexander Stafford and Miriam Cates present the Bill.
Nick Fletcher accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 378).
Consideration of Lords message I beg to move, That this House insists on its amendment 151A and disagrees with the Lords in their amendments 151E and 151F. With this it will be convenient to discuss amendment (a), and the following motion: That this House insists on its Amendment 161A in lieu and disagrees with the Lords in their Amendment 161D in lieu.
I am pleased to bring this important Bill back to the House this afternoon, for what I sincerely hope is the last time, given that this will be the third time we have debated and voted on similar issues.
I urge Opposition Front-Bench Members and those in the other place not to risk the safe passage of this hugely significant, near-400 page Bill by continuing to press these amendments.
The Government have appreciated the input of right hon.
and hon.
Members from both sides of the House—including the right hon.
Members for Barking (Dame Margaret Hodge) and for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne), my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) —to help change the Bill for the better.
We are discussing failure to prevent, together with the identification of doctoring.
The Government are taking world-leading measures—I think this is the first time that a major economy such as ours has implemented them—which we should be proud we are implementing through the Bill.
Of course, if the elected Chamber expresses its strong will on these remaining issues for the third time, I very much hope that the other place will agree that now is the time for it to accept that position.
I think we would all rather have what we have done than see all this good work being in vain by letting the legislation fall.
Let me discuss the two issues in turn.
I will keep my remarks brief as the arguments remain the same as on the preceding two times we have discussed them.
I will first address Lords amendments 151E and 151F on the “failure to prevent” threshold.
I will also address amendment (a), tabled last night by the right hon.
Member for Barking, on a Government review of the threshold.
While my noble Friend Lord Garnier’s amendment has moved closer yet again to the Government’s position by exempting micro-entities and small organisations from the offence, I am afraid that the Government will not support the lowering of the threshold at this time.
Let me repeat the reasons why.
It is already an offence to perpetrate fraud.
The objective of the new offence is to ensure that there is accountability where fraud occurs in large organisations.
There is simply no need to apply any such offence to smaller organisations.
Every time such an offence is introduced, business owners end up distracted from running their businesses by taking time to reassess their compliance risks, which  often involves taking professional advice.
We assess that the revised threshold proposed by Lord Garnier would cost medium-sized enterprises £300 million in one-off costs and nearly £40 million in annual recurring costs.
We should be making it easier for businesses to operate in the UK and only imposing additional regulatory burdens when absolutely necessary.
The Government completely reject the notion of using such an offence simply to raise awareness among business owners of the seriousness of the problem of fraud.
There would be other, more proportionate ways to do that if necessary.
In response to the amendment tabled by the right hon.
Member for Barking, the Government have already future-proofed the Bill by including a delegated power to allow the Government to raise, lower or remove the threshold altogether.
Of course, as with all legislation, the Government will keep the threshold under review.
I make a personal commitment to do that and to make changes if evidence suggests that they are required.
I do not think that a Government review is necessary for that to take place, so I ask the right hon.
Member not to move her amendment.
We must bear in mind that a review does not guarantee change anyway.
What guarantees change is having the right people at the Dispatch Box making changes, whether those are people from her party or my party, and both parties are equally exercised by these concerns.
I urge all right hon.
and hon.
Members to support the Government motion to disagree with the Lords amendments to ensure that we take a proportionate approach and do not impose unnecessary measures on legitimate businesses that would curb our economic growth.
I turn to Lords amendment 161D, tabled by Lord Faulks, on cost protection in civil recovery cases.
The Government remain of the view that such an amendment would be a significant departure from a fundamental principle of justice—that the loser pays—and therefore not something that should be rushed into without careful consideration.
Furthermore, as I set out when we last debated this issue, we have seen no clear evidence that the amendment would increase the number of cases taken on by law enforcement.
However, that is not to say that such an amendment is necessarily a bad idea.
That is why we previously added to the Bill a statutory commitment to review the payment of costs in civil recovery cases in England and Wales by enforcement authorities, to publish a report on the findings and to lay that before Parliament within 12 months.
With regard to civil costs reform in England and Wales, the Government would normally look to consult appropriate consultees, including the senior judiciary, the Law Society and the Bar Council.
Enacting the reform now without a full review would not allow judges and relevant organisations, or indeed their counterparts in Northern Ireland and Scotland, to comment on how it would be read and applied in practice.
We therefore feel it would be irresponsible for us to rush into making such a significant change at the end of a Bill’s passage without full consideration by Government and further scrutiny by Parliament.
I very much hope that all right hon.
and hon.
Members will agree that that is the responsible approach to take and therefore support the Government’s position.