Yesterday, the UN warned that hospitals in Gaza had just 48 hours of fuel left to keep their electricity going.
That was 28 hours ago; the electricity runs out tonight.
We have a human responsibility to all the people in Gaza, but we have a particular responsibility for UK citizens, some of whom are in those hospitals, with no food, no water, no medicine and no way out.
How much worse does the situation have to get before the Prime Minister will join us in calling for a humanitarian ceasefire?
From the start, we have said that the first and most important principle is that Israel has the right to defend itself under international law—our  support for that position is absolute and unchanged—but we have also said from the start that we want British nationals to be able to leave Gaza, hostages to be released, and humanitarian aid to get in.
We recognise that, for all that to happen, there has to be a safer environment, which of course necessitates specific pauses, as distinct from a ceasefire.
We discussed that with partners yesterday evening at the United Nations, and we have been consistently clear that everything must be done to protect civilians in line with international law and to continue getting more aid flowing into Gaza.
The growing calls for a ceasefire are also about calming the situation in the broader region, especially the west bank.
UNICEF has reported over 2,000 fatalities and over 5,000 injured children since the conflict began, due to unrelenting attacks.
If we ignore that, we risk pouring petrol on a fire in a place that only requires a spark to ignite.
Can the Prime Minister understand that joining calls for a ceasefire is now the best—and maybe the only—way to stop this conflict escalating beyond all control?
We have to remember that Israel has suffered a shockingly brutal terrorist attack.
Hamas are responsible for this conflict, and Israel has the right to protect itself in line with international law, as the UN charter makes clear.
We will continue to urge the Israelis to follow international law, but we also have to remember that Hamas cruelly embed themselves in civilian populations.
We are doing everything we can to get aid into the region.
I am pleased to say that an RAF flight left the UK for Egypt this morning carrying 21 tonnes of aid for Gaza.
The relief supplies include more than 75,000 medical kits, solar lights and water filters for families, and warehousing equipment.
Our team are on the ground, ready to receive.
We will continue to do everything we can to increase the flow of aid, including fuel, into Gaza.
In the matter of Walleys Quarry, my constituents have been utterly let down and failed by the Environment Agency.
Not only has it failed to prosecute a rogue operator for the repeated breaches of its permit; we now learn that for the past seven years, all of its monitoring equipment—including in your constituency, Mr Speaker—has been grossly under-recording levels of hydrogen sulphide by a factor of approximately two or three.
That is the monitoring equipment that people have been relying on to tell them that their air is clean and safe to breathe.
Given everything that has happened, we really need to see some proper action now.
I have had enough of the EA, and my constituents have too, so will the Prime Minister do everything in his power to get a grip on this failing organisation?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
The Environment Agency’s criminal investigation is ongoing so, as I hope he understands, I cannot comment further on it.
However, with regard to his concerns about the measurement inaccuracies, I have been assured—and have checked—that the Environment Agency is working swiftly to understand the scale of the problem.
The  Environment Secretary is monitoring the situation, and I have asked her to keep my hon.
Friend updated regularly.
A few short months ago, the world came to Belfast to celebrate the Good Friday agreement.
At the heart of that agreement was the realisation that we could not use violence as a tool for revenge or to achieve our political aims.
As 1,400 Israelis and almost 6,000 Palestinians lay dying or dead, when will the Prime Minister say enough is enough?
When will he call for a ceasefire?
When will he tell Israel to stop meting out collective punishment to the people of Gaza, and when will he and other world leaders insist on a political solution that involves a Palestinian state for the Palestinian people?
As I said, an important principle is that Israel does have the right to defend itself under international law, to ensure that attacks like this one—which was brutal and horrific for its citizens—cannot happen again.
We continue to support that position, but, as I said, from the start we have also wanted to ensure that humanitarian aid can go in and hostages and foreign nationals can come out.
We recognise that that means there has to be a safer environment, which of course necessitates specific pauses, as distinct from a ceasefire.
We discussed exactly this with our international partners yesterday at the United Nations and will continue to do so.
As I made clear on Monday, we have doubled down on our efforts to find a better future for the Palestinian people.
That has been a feature of all our diplomacy in the region, and we will continue to give all our efforts to making that happen.
For too long, Bradford Council has failed to represent the best interests of my constituents, whether in its catastrophic failures on children’s services, its inability to invest our own council tax back into Keighley and Ilkley, or its refusal to instigate a review into child sexual exploitation across the Bradford district.
Local residents and I are fed up of being ignored by Bradford Council, and we want out.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss my case for leaving Bradford Council and creating our own unitary authority that better represents Keighley and Ilkley, putting our priorities first?
I know my hon.
Friend is a passionate campaigner on this issue, having even introduced a private Member’s Bill on it earlier this year.
I agree that his council should be working to ensure that it delivers good services for all its residents, including his constituents, and I will certainly arrange for the relevant Minister to discuss his concerns further with him.
As my hon.
Friend did not do so, maybe I can plug his event this afternoon in the Jubilee Room—a Keighley and Ilkley showcase.
Perhaps the Minister can come to that event and discuss it in person then.
Just a year ago, the new Prime Minister promised to unite our country, not with words but with actions.
Quite rightly, voters make a judgment on actions, but in my constituency—as in many others—the Prime Minister has not delivered on his promises.
Arbroath House in Easington Colliery is a GP practice without the funding  to deliver basic community health services.
Communities such as Shotton, South Hetton, Haswell and Horden lack the police officers to tackle crime and antisocial behaviour.
We see sewage being dumped on our coastline at Seaham and Blackhall without prosecution of the privatised water companies, and we see investment for levelling up blocked for Horden.
When will the Prime Minister call a general election and let Labour rise to the task of rebuilding Britain?
The hon.
Gentleman raised crime.
I am pleased to say that crime is now down by over 50% since Labour was last in office, and that includes significant reductions in antisocial behaviour, which he mentioned.
Indeed, earlier this year not only did we meet our pledge to deliver 20,000 more police officers—a record number on our streets—but our antisocial behaviour plan is already making a difference, delivering immediate justice and clamping down on that type of activity.
I support the Government’s plans to build more homes and ease housing shortages.
However, I have significant concerns about the impacts of developments on our ageing drainage systems and the potential flooding risk this poses, as we are seeing in places such as the Hazelwalls development in Uttoxeter.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that, as more houses are built, existing infrastructure is upgraded and maintained by local authorities to ensure that it is not overwhelmed with additional use and less permeable surfaces?
As my hon.
Friend knows, our traditional drainage systems are under increasing pressure, and that compares with the benefits of sustainable drainage systems, which work in a different way.
It was already a requirement that sustainable drainage systems should be given priority in any major new development and developments in flood risk areas, but earlier this year we committed to requiring sustainable drainage systems in all new developments, on top of DEFRA’s plan for water, which puts a statutory duty on water companies to produce plans to set out how they will improve, maintain and extend our robust and resilient waste water systems.
This morning, I hosted the MS Society and people living with multiple sclerosis to hear about their experiences accessing personal independence payment.
Ten years on from its introduction, people with MS and other fluctuating conditions are still too often being denied the support they deserve to manage the extra costs of their condition and to retain their independence for longer.
Some 22,524 people with MS have signed a petition calling for a full review of PIP for fluctuating conditions, which is on its way to Downing Street right now.
Will the Prime Minister listen to their call?
I am very sorry to hear about the experiences of those suffering with MS that the hon.
Lady mentions, and I will ensure that the Work and Pensions Secretary looks at their concerns and writes to her.