Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Wynnton Hill Baptist Church.
The Church celebrated its 164th Anniversary on August 24, 2025, with a service at the church located at 2620 Buena Vista Road in Columbus, Georgia.
Wynnton Hill Baptist Church, established in 1861, proudly stands as the first church of any denomination in the Wynnton area of Columbus, Georgia and the second oldest predominantly African American Church in the Muscogee/Chattahoochee Valley Area.
Driven by a deep yearning to create a fellowship for the glory of God through Jesus Christ, a small group of dedicated believers came together under the guidance of Reverend Phillip Owens.
They gathered at the home of 
Mr. and Mrs. Willie and Sarah James to lay the foundation of this spiritual community.
Reverend Owens, who became the first pastor, led the church during its formative years.
The congregation demonstrated exceptional commitment by building a bush arbor on land that the church purchased from the James family, using fresh bushes from nearby woodlands for their Saturday gatherings.
The church quickly grew, with many souls coming to faith.
The church's first wooden structure served as a worship center, and under Pastor Owens--who served an astounding 47 years--the church flourished.
Wynnton Hill has become a testament to the mercy and grace of Jesus Christ, having faced various trials yet overcoming them through faith.
Throughout its 164 years, Wynnton Hill has maintained a legacy of resilience, even amidst challenges and disagreements.
The church has birthed three other assemblies--Greater Peace, New Mt. Zion, and Blessed Assurance Baptist Churches--emphasizing the unifying power of the gospel.
Wynnton Hill has been shepherded by numerous dedicated pastors, with Reverend Owens as the longest serving, followed by several other esteemed leaders to include Samuel Daniels, R.T. Lewis, H.H. Hunter, Dr. James H. Carter, Dr. Van J. Malone, F.L. Williams, Dr. R.C. Gates, Robert L. Evans, Dr. Bruce Alford, and Dr. Kenneth Cyrus, who all contributed to the church's growth and community involvement.
Several Pastors led the church during periods of transition as Interim Pastors to include Reverend Joe Sales, Reverend Tommy Holston, and Dr. Charles McAfee.
Over the years, many sons and daughters of the House of Wynnton have been licensed to preach the gospel and have gone on to have significant impacts in communities across the Chattahoochee Valley Area and beyond to include Oliver Holston, Tommy Holston, Robert Holston, Robert Evans, Evoucous Thomas, Charles Milton, Isaac Whitfield, Paul Milton, Lewis McCants, James Love, David Holston, Michael David, Carlton Dawson, Artie Johnson, Charlene Dawson, Doris Wade, Eulas Wade and Roy Evans.
Significant milestones include the construction of the first brick building in 1930 that would later house the first public school for African Americans in the basement.
The first Education wing was built in 1951.
During this time, the Church became a leader in the community in advocating for civil rights and social justice.
In 1989, the educational wing was firebombed and destroyed.
But the Lord blessed the church to be able to rebuild and dedicate a new wing in 1990.
In the same year, the Lord Blessed the Church with a new sanctuary.
The old sanctuary was dedicated as a fellowship hall and named after Pastor J.H. Carter.
In more recent years, under the leadership of Pastor Michael W. Sherman, who has served as Pastor since 2015, the church has embraced technology for worship and has actively engaged in community outreach, including Thanksgiving dinners, Christmas toy drives, and educational initiatives.
Pastor Sherman with support of his congregation and supportive First Lady, Alma Taylor Sherman, understands that the ministry of Jesus Christ must be expanded beyond the church walls.
Wynnton Hill Baptist Church remains committed to its mission; to evangelize, educate, and edify in the light.
As the church continues to shine as a beacon of hope, it looks forward to fulfilling the Great Commission and changing lives both now and in future generations.