I am grateful for the opportunity to make this speech in this important debate, because if we are to tackle the climate crisis and cut congestion on our roads, we must get rail services back on track to give people genuine alternatives to get around effectively.
There are currently three railway stations in my constituency.
Yate station was reopened in the 1980s, and we desperately need the proposed redevelopment.
I will also be seeking to ensure that the funding for half-hourly services is extended beyond the current end date of 2026.
That will benefit not only Yate, but provide an hourly train for the new station planned at Charfield.
The station at Pilning is a parliamentary station, with just one train running a week to avoid formally closing it.
Its location, near the growing industrial location of  Severnside, means that if properly reopened, it is prime placed to help the many workers who travel from south Wales to make the trip without a car.
The third station is Severn Beach.
Once a seaside resort, the line now serves commuters.
However, commuters can be left disappointed by flooding on the line, as well as the fact that the service is not more frequent.
Rail campaigners are also keen to see other stations reopened, such as Coalpit Heath and Thornbury, but for that to be possible, we need national investment in Westerleigh junction to increase capacity and unlock this potential.
I hope that the Secretary of State will commit to making that part of the integrated infrastructure review that was referenced earlier.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  said, ultimately passengers are not interested in who runs the trains; they simply want them to run on time and for the tickets to be affordable.
Given the continued squeeze on people’s finances, we need an immediate freeze on rail fares and our fragmented ticketing system needs simplifying to cut costs for commuters.
We also need to think about integration with other forms of public transport.
In my constituency, we have seen serious cuts to local bus services, with many villages left with no regular buses at all.
My aim in this place will be to champion the rights of people to have affordable and green methods of transport, whether they live in rural or urban areas.
In conclusion, I promise to work tirelessly for my constituents, not only on fixing our railways, but on other issues too, such as the fact that our schools are among the lowest funded in the country and that it is almost impossible to register with an NHS dentist locally.
I look forward to working constructively with right hon.
and hon.
Members across the House to address these problems and ensure that the people of Thornbury and Yate get the fair deal they deserve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech in this august Chamber.
I join other hon.
Members in welcoming you to your place, and the ministerial team and the shadow ministerial team to their places as well.
I congratulate all hon.
Members who have made their maiden speeches today; we have heard excellent contributions.
I thank, in particular,  the hon.
Member for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young) , who described her constituency so eloquently that it makes one want to visit, but those who know me will know that a visit by me would be accompanied with a Labour party campaign.
May I also please take this opportunity to thank all the staff across the parliamentary estate who have worked incredibly hard and always courteously to help me and, I am sure, many other hon.
Members to establish ourselves in this place?
I also take the opportunity to thank the voters of Smethwick, who have entrusted me with the honour and responsibility of being their elected Member of Parliament.
It is indeed a great honour to stand here today, and I give the voters my word that I will work to repay their trust to the best of my abilities.
Of course, I would not be here without the support of my family.
My grandfathers, Bhan Singh and Niranjan Singh, arrived in the UK in 1956 and 1957 and carried out manual jobs in foundries and brickworks respectively.
They came with hope for a better life for them and their families, but they also came with a strong belief that, with hard work, they would be able to forge a better life in Great Britain.
My father, Swaran Singh Josan, was 10 years old when he arrived in Smethwick in 1958.
He had most of his education here, and he went on to work as an engineer for the Post Office, which went on to become British Telecom.
Alongside that, in 1975 he, my mum and my uncle established a family business—a hardware store and plumbers’ merchant—on the high street in Smethwick, and my brothers continue to run the business today.
My father was also active in his trade union and the Labour party.
He was elected to Sandwell council in 1986 and subsequently three times.
Unfortunately, he passed away in 1999, when he was the cabinet member for housing in Sandwell.
Being in this place was always his dream.
I believe that he would be proud of this achievement.
It is a convention of the House to speak in good terms about one’s predecessor.
My predecessor is the right hon.
John Spellar, and those who know him will know two things.
First, it does not require convention for me to speak well of him.
Secondly, bearing in mind that his phone ringtone is the theme tune to “The Godfather”, it is a convention that I dare not ignore.
John was first elected to the House in a by-election in 1982 in Birmingham Northfield.
He was then elected as Member of Parliament for Warley West in 1992, and for Warley in 1997.
In total, John gave over 32 years of service to the House, during which he served in ministerial and shadow ministerial roles.
In addition, he gave stalwart service to the people he was elected to represent and is always greeted fondly across the whole constituency.
John also played a considerable role over all those years in working to keep the Labour party in the centre ground—the ground where elections are won and lives can be changed for the better.
He leaves me with incredibly big shoes to fill.
I am delighted that he is being elevated to the other place.
Smethwick existed as the name for the constituency between 1918 and 1997 and has been brought back following the recent boundary changes.
The constituency consists of the former Warley constituency and most of the Blackheath ward.
It includes the football ground of West Bromwich Albion—the Baggies.
It is an extremely diverse place with a relatively young demographic and a significant black, Asian and minority ethnic community, particularly from the Muslim and Sikh backgrounds.
Smethwick was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Its people are a proud people, who are particularly proud of our industrial heritage.
As an example, Smethwick is the location of the Soho Foundry, created by Matthew Boulton and James Watt in 1775, where the oldest working steam engine in the world was built.
Historically, in addition to my predecessor, Smethwick also saw Christabel Pankhurst standing in the 1918 general election just after women were given the vote.
Oswald Mosley was the MP between 1926 and 1929.
Smethwick also had the shortest serving MP ever elected.
Alfred Dobbs was elected in the 1945 general election.
However, the day after the election he was killed in a car accident on his way to Westminster.
Being aware of that record, I waited three days after the election before driving extra carefully down to Parliament.
Perhaps the most infamous previous MP for the seat was Peter Griffiths, the Tory party candidate who was elected in 1964 after running a disgraceful and nakedly racist campaign with a disgusting slogan, which I will not repeat as it used the racist N-word.
The election and racial tensions at the time prompted a visit a few months later to the constituency by Malcolm X, which was just about a week before he was killed.
Thankfully, Peter Griffiths’s term was brought to an end by Andrew Fauld, who defeated him in the 1966 general election.
Smethwick was undergoing huge changes at the time.
In 1967, it saw the appointment of the first black headteacher in the UK, Tony O’Connor, at Bearwood primary school.
The general election was about change.
After 14 years, the British people have voted for change and given a huge mandate to the Prime Minister and the Labour party.
The recent King’s Speech contained Bills that will bring huge change to the country, our public services and the lives of the people we represent.
The Prime Minister can be sure that his programme has my full support.
Among those Bills, the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill will bring much-needed change on our railways.
Its provisions that will bring franchises into public control and, along with provisions that will set up Great British Railways, were widely discussed and understood by voters during the general election.
It is clear that voters support the changes proposed in the Bill.
For me, the election was also about change across our communities.
One example of that change in Smethwick is the fact that 60 years after that disgraceful racist campaign, I—a child and grandchild of immigrants—can be elected to this House.
That change is the result of many people across Smethwick and Sandwell working hard to build relationships and understanding across all communities and ensuring that we deliver on the aspirations of all our people.
Smethwick is an incredibly diverse yet harmonious place.
It is my community.
By that, I mean it is the street I live on, the park opposite, the church on Church Hill Street, the Jamia mosque on Oldbury Road, the Bangladeshi mosques in north Smethwick, the Somali community centre, the Smethwick Asian Sheltered and Residential Association, SAFS caring family support, St Albans community centre, Better Understanding of Dementia for Sandwell, the Royal British Legion branches and clubs, Brushstrokes, Brandhall Labour club, the schools where I am a governor, the gurdwaras where I pray, the high street where I worked and so much more.
That is my community.
Yet in Smethwick we also have our challenges.
Some of those spilt out during the election, as they did in other places.
The election saw the rise of smaller parties and independents, including those driven by foreign policy issues and others such as the Reform party.
I am chair of trustees at Hope Not Hate Charitable Trust, and I see how hate and aggression increasingly define our public discourse, particularly on online platforms, but also more and more in person.
It is a responsibility of all of us to challenge and address that, and to ensure that kindness is the basis of all that we do.
To those who  did not vote for me in Smethwick, I say: I am still your Member of Parliament and I still want to talk to you about the issues that concern you.
Many Members have said that being in this place is the honour of our lives, so over the weekend I thought about that and questioned why we say it.
What came to my mind is that people have voted for us—they have gone out there, put a cross by our names and put their trust in us.
We are in the mother of all Parliaments, and we will make decisions that will change this country.
Those are all reasons why it is a real honour to be here.
But the biggest reason why it is an honour to be in this Chamber is the people.
We have heard so many excellent maiden speeches over the past couple of weeks, which signify the strength of this Chamber.
The Chamber without its people is just Benches, and Benches do not do anything.
Institutions without people in them do not do anything.
It is the people who will bring change.
The honour is being here alongside so many fantastic people.
I may disagree with those on other Benches, fundamentally and robustly, but it is an honour to be here alongside every single one of them.
I have always been driven by a strong sense of humanity, fairness and justice.
My upbringing and my Sikhi faith are key to my beliefs.
I am reminded of the line in Gurbani written by Guru Nanak: “Ham Nahi Changae, Bura Nahi Koi.”
I am not good; no one is bad.
That draws attention to the equality of all of us, regardless of any of our attributes.
A good friend in interfaith circles describes Sikhi in a four-letter word: love.
We believe that God is omnipresent, across and within all of creation.
So to love God is to love other people.
For those of no faith, it does no harm to love others in any case.
I consider myself incredibly lucky.
I have the incredible support of my family: my wife Harvinder, my son Pavandeep, my daughter Gurkirta, my mum Bhajan Kaur Josan, my nephews Gagandeep, Puneetpal and Ishmeet, who are all here in the Gallery.
I have been elected to represent a constituency that is embedded in my heart.
I sit on the Benches of a Government who will serve the people.
I know that there is incredibly hard work ahead; that there will be disagreements and robust words, and difficult decisions will need to be made.
But I am committed to serving this House and the voters of Smethwick to the best of my ability.
Congratulations on your election, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is a privilege to follow so many excellent maiden speeches this evening, including from my hon.
Friends the Members for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean), for South Ribble (Mr Foster), for Stevenage (Kevin Bonavia), for Smethwick (Gurinder Josan) and for High Peak (Jon Pearce), and the hon.
Members for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young), for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos) and for Brighton Pavilion (Siân Berry).
I apologise if I have missed any.
They were a tribute to the wealth of talent and experience in this Parliament.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my first speech in support of this Bill, which will hopefully lay the permanent way to better value for taxpayers and better passenger services.
Transport has sometimes been seen in this place as an unfashionable Department—a stopping-off point for ambitious politicians on the way up, and occasionally on the way down—but it is clear that this attitude is not held by this Front Bench team or this new Government.
There is, however, some historical basis for that view.
When Barbara Castle was appointed Transport Minister, Harold Wilson told her: “Your job is to produce the integrated transport policy we promised in our manifesto.
I could work something out myself given half an hour.”
When Nicholas Ridley told Margaret Thatcher that he wanted to privatise the railways, she responded: “Railway privatisation will be the Waterloo of this government.
Never mention the railways to me again.”
Down the years, hon.
Members on the Conservative Benches must have privately wished that Mrs Thatcher’s view had been taken to heart by those who came after.
In fact, given the previous Government’s record of reclassifying Network Rail into the public sector, abandoning the traditional franchising model and  nationalising a quarter of passenger services, I half expected to see Conservative Members joining Labour tonight in support of the Bill.
It was a privilege to work as staff in the shadow Transport team during some of those long years in opposition.
May I take this opportunity to say how welcome it is to see the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood)  in her place?
She brings real expertise to the role from her time as Chair of the Transport Committee and in the shadow Transport team.
She will be an outstanding Minister, and I am grateful for her support and guidance down the years.
Another Shadow Transport Minister in that team was Richard Burden, my Labour predecessor for Birmingham Northfield.
Richard ably represented Northfield for 27 years.
He is well remembered in this House for his boundless enthusiasm for the motor industry, and for his steadfast commitment to social justice, which has continued into what cannot be called a retirement, through his activism in pursuit of better local health services and support for the humanitarian cause in Palestine.
His support meant a lot to me during the campaign, and I am sure his friends on both sides of the House extend their good wishes to him.
I also want to pay tribute to my immediate predecessor.
In the space of just one Parliament, Gary Sambrook became well known locally and, through the 1922 Committee, in the Conservative party nationally.
He and other candidates fought a campaign that was untouched by the disgraceful tactic of intimidation that was witnessed elsewhere in Birmingham and which must have no place in our public life.
I am certain that this is not the end for Gary in Birmingham politics, and I wish him well.
To talk about Birmingham is to tell a tale of two cities.
That is as true of the Northfield constituency as it is elsewhere.
Pockets of relative affluence sit cheek by jowl with deprivation.
The historic village centres of Kings Norton and Northfield lie a short distance from the new estates, like Weoley Castle, that were built to serve the needs of Birmingham’s growing economy.
The fortunes of the constituency rise and fall with Birmingham, but the seat is also defined by its outer estates—New Frankley, Rubery and Allens Cross—which are distant and distinct from the city centre.
All these communities face common challenges, including crime and antisocial behaviour, and the decline of the traditional high street.
They have been hit hard by cuts to neighbourhood policing and by the decision last year to not proceed with the regeneration of Northfield’s high street.
There is much to do.
For most of the constituency’s history it was best known for the Longbridge car plant, which also drew in workers from the surrounding areas of West Heath, Rednal and beyond.
For 100 years, Longbridge paid handsomely into the national purse, and it was essential to our defence in times of crisis.
During the second world war, Longbridge and its shadow factories produced many of the armaments and aircraft that kept our nation free.
If the House will excuse a diversion, I am reminded at this point of my grandad’s story, often repeated with pride to us as children, about his time stationed at the air defences at Billeseley Common, when he—almost—fired a rocket at an encroaching German plane.
The site that began as the Austin works was an important part of our national life.
At its peak, it employed some 25,000 people.
Models from the Austin 7 to the Metro became part of our shared culture.
It is hard to believe that next year will mark the 20th anniversary of Longbridge’s closure.
That occasion must be marked appropriately in Birmingham and in Parliament.
The site is now home to an ambitious redevelopment project and, importantly, some manufacturing jobs are returning, but travel just a short distance and the scars of that closure are still plain to see.
The male employment rate remains a staggering 10 points lower than in Birmingham as a whole.
Shamefully, average monthly wages are £300 lower in the constituency than they were in 2010, after inflation.
The scourge of in-work poverty is never far away.
Today, my constituents are most likely to be employed in public services.
I am proud to be the son of two teachers even if, sadly, the headquarters of the NASUWT, the Teachers’ Union, which my parents were members of for many years, is just over the border in the neighbouring constituency of Bromsgrove.
There will be more to say—much more—in this Parliament about the funding and delivery of services in Birmingham.
It is enough to say today that after 14 years of severe cuts, the second city is bleeding, and I welcome the statements that the new Government have made about the importance of putting local government funding on a sustainable footing.
The new Government’s plans to establish a fair pay agreement for adult social care, and to reinstate the school support staff negotiating body, will also make a real, material and long overdue difference to thousands of low-paid workers in the Northfield constituency, most of them women, who I was proud to help represent as an officer of the GMB union, and whose skills and professionalism have been undervalued for too long.
If I could achieve one thing in the time I have in this place, it would be to secure improvements to special educational needs and disabilities provision.
It is a cause that is close to my heart: I was one of those children.
I know what it means to have to fight to avoid being defined by other people’s low expectations.
I know the stigma that is the mark of attitudes that are still common and from words that I will not repeat in this place.
I wish that I could say otherwise, but it never leaves you.
I know, too, that a child’s life can turn on access to an identification or a single decision about adjustments and resources—or even for the want of a few encouraging words.
So if I speak for a moment in anger, it is because too many children and families in Birmingham and beyond face barriers that are higher now than they were 25 years ago, in breach of the promise that life for each generation will be better than the last.
It is not enough to fight for people within a failing system; we have to change it.
That is one of the causes I came to Parliament to advocate for, and I welcome the commitments on SEND made by the Education Secretary and the Prime Minister in the early days of this Parliament.
I would like to end by talking about family.
Before me came generations of factory workers, electricians and shopkeepers, painters and polishers, cleaners and coachbuilders, jewellery makers and japanners—some escaping famine’s shadow—who were born in Birmingham or who came to call the city their home.
In the last  few weeks, I have thought about those I knew and those I did not, and what they might have said if they could have seen this day, just as the hard accumulated years of millions of working lives form the prologue to the new deal for working people and the history that this Labour Government will make.
I have thought, too, about public service—about the challenge of proving to be equal to the task ahead and to the hopes of the people who trusted us to represent them in this place; Madam Deputy Speaker, I hope to be.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Easington (Grahame Morris) .
May I say what a pleasure  it is to see you in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker?
You have made history with your election and you will have inspired many women and girls across our country.
It is wonderful to see a number of my neighbours here, including my hon.
Friends the Members for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith), for Stafford (Leigh Ingham), for Stoke-on-Trent North (David Williams) and for Stoke-on-Trent South (Dr Gardner), as well as many hon.
Friends from across the west midlands.
I say a special thank you to my former boss, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport West and Islwyn (Ruth Jones) , who is sitting with me here on the Government Benches, a far cry from when I sat opposite her in her office upstairs.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for High Peak (Jon Pearce), for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean), for Smethwick (Gurinder Josan), for Stevenage (Kevin Bonavia) and for South Ribble (Mr Foster), all of whom gave important, interesting and witty speeches, as well as to the hon.
Members for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young) and for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos).
It is a real honour to make my first speech in this House as the Member of Parliament for Newcastle-under-Lyme, and in such an important debate too.
I pay tribute to the Secretary of State both for the Bill and for her leadership on these issues.
She and I share an interest in Northern Ireland.
I am very grateful for all the work she has done to get us to where we are today.
I start by acknowledging the deep responsibility I feel to the people who sent me here.
I thank them for placing their trust in me and I will work every day to honour it.
My journey to this place started in the former British Empire.
My maternal grandfather arrived in the United Kingdom from Jamaica, to serve King and country and to help fight fascism.
He docked in Liverpool in 1941 and, after meeting my grandmother, built a life in Staffordshire, the county I am proud to represent today.
My Dad, who is here in the Gallery, moved here from the then Rhodesia, now Zimbabwe, in 1979 and had the luck to meet, and the wisdom to marry, my Mum, a good Staffordshire woman, born and bred.
She is also here in the Gallery.
I would not be here without either of them.
I stand on the shoulders of my grandparents, Mr and Mrs Bob Owen and Mr and Mrs Adam Jogee.
Their blood runs in my veins.
Their life stories forged my identity and my outlook on the world.
The greatest gift my parents and grandparents have given me is their example of what courage, tolerance, love and diversity mean, not as academic concepts but a lived experience.
That I am standing here today, a Member of the House of Commons on the Government Benches, was not inevitable, but it was possible.
My election—the first black man to represent anywhere in the west midlands—says so much about who we are in 2024 and what our nation means.
While it is with a sense of sadness that I acknowledge that none of my grandparents is here to witness this speech, I am confident that, if they were, they would all be saying to each other what a wonderful country this is.
I am proud of my Englishness and my Britishness, and of the simple truth that, in our United Kingdom, you can be anything you want to be with the right support, a work ethic, real opportunities and a good heart.
I am not defined by my colour, but I am very,  very proud of it, and Labour Governments are key to building the kind of enabling environment that means that success and a good life are available to all.
It is that passion for sharing opportunity that drives me every day.
For those who did not make it to campaign with me in the general election—I note that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , who I know very well, did make several visits, for which I am grateful—Newcastle is an ancient market town in the middle of England.
Its rich history dates back to medieval times, with its market charter granted in 1173, which means that last year we celebrated the borough’s 850th anniversary.
The people who live, learn and work in Newcastle-under-Lyme are decent, caring, proud and honest.
Indeed, when I think of their honesty, I am reminded of two particular chats that I had during the campaign.
This is semi-dangerous, I suppose, when we start quoting our constituents.
I met Steve and his son in Betley—in fact, in the very good Swan pub in Betley.
I recommend it to anyone passing through, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith) , who is very welcome.
The first thing Steve said to me was, “You’re much shorter than I thought you would be in real life.”
It was the final chat after a long day of door knocking, and my first reaction was, “Thank you very much, I think.”
I then met Christine, a pensioner from Wolstanton.
She said, “You are much younger and better looking than you look in your leaflets.
You need new leaflets.”
I will not share the story about horse riding with my friend Carol Whitehouse in Audley, but suffice it to say, we will all do anything safe and legal to get elected.
I was reminded in these conversations of the age-old adage that the voters are never wrong.
That is a lesson that Conservative party Members—not that there are many here tonight—may want to heed.
In my patch, you know where you stand, and if you build trust, show that you care and listen, local people will have your back.
We are blessed with very fine centres of learning: we are home to Newcastle College and the wonderful Keele University, one of the best higher education institutions in our country.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Gareth Snell), for Stoke-on-Trent North (David Williams) and for Stoke-on-Trent South (Dr Gardner) seek to take credit for it and claim it every day, but it is ours.
We have many brilliant schools with wonderful teachers, teaching assistants and special educational needs co-ordinators.
I have been honoured to visit many of our schools over the past 18 months.
I will stand up every day to rebuild the support for children and their families with special educational needs, because the current situation in Staffordshire, and in Newcastle-under-Lyme in particular, is unacceptable.
My constituency boasts beautiful parks and green spaces, such as Queen’s Gardens and the Victorian Brampton Park, known for its museum, aviary and landscaped gardens.
I am looking forward to you visiting us, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We have Lyme Valley, the old Keele golf course, and much rural, productive green belt in the northern part of my constituency, centred around Audley and Madely.
While I completely and unequivocally support our Government’s plans to build more homes, we must, at the same time, do as much as we can to protect our green spaces and deliver the infrastructure that goes with any new homes.
It must be a case of doing things with, not to, people.
While some might look north of the Watford Gap and see a cultural desert, I see vibrancy.
I am especially proud of the New Vic Theatre, known for its innovative productions and meaningful community engagement.
We cannot talk about North Staffordshire without mentioning the old mines and pits in Chesterton, Silverdale and Crackley, nor can we avoid talking pottery and ceramics, because our region is home to the age-old pottery industry.
I am looking forward to working across the A500 and the A34 with my hon.
Friends the Members for Stoke-on-Trent Central, for Stoke-on-Trent South and for Stoke-on-Trent North.
My constituency boasts of being home to a Prime Minister: the sixth Prime Minister of Australia, Mr Joseph Cook—long dead, but he was born there.
He was born and raised in the old mining village of Silverdale.
I am proud of the fact that a Prime Minister was born in our patch.
The only issue I have with Cook is that he started off in the Labour party and ended up a Tory, but nobody—or almost nobody—is beyond redemption.
On that basis, Madam Deputy Speaker, you will forgive me for emphasising his passion for aiming high when I talk to the young people of Newcastle about him, rather than his moving around political parties.
Newcastle-under-Lyme could not be better placed.
We are bordered by the west coast main line and the M6, between Birmingham and Manchester, not far from Derby and Nottingham and only 90 minutes or so from our capital—when Avanti chooses to work properly.
Robust rail infrastructure is a strategic necessity for Newcastle-under-Lyme, for our region and for our United Kingdom.
It will stimulate economic growth, bring people together and tear down barriers, and we can do that while at the same time protecting our environment and preserving our planet.
Addressing the north-south divide in transportation infrastructure is about not just fairness, but maximising the full potential of the north to contribute to a more balanced, prosperous and sustainable future for all of us.
That is why I welcome the Bill before us.
It shows my constituents that we meant it when we said that we would focus on getting our nation back on track.
I see the Minister for buses, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , on the Front Bench; I look forward to speaking to him about buses soon too.
Newcastle-under-Lyme was rich in coal, leading to extensive mining activities for not far off 200 years.
The coal industry played a crucial part in the town’s development and economy.
The development of the Trent and Mersey canal in the 18th century enhanced transportation links, facilitating the movement of coal and pottery.
The canal system was vital for industrial distribution before the advent of our railways.
The wonderful Apedale museum and heritage centre provides future generations with a window back to the proud history of our town.
I first went when I was about 12, and it is still going strong.
The Apedale Valley railway operates at the same site, adding to a great  family day out.
Sadly, though, like most of the west midlands and the north, while we are proud of our past, we have not seen sufficient focus on building our future by diversifying our industries and jobs.
As the historical and traditional industries declined, my constituency transitioned to a service-oriented economy based on education, healthcare and retail.
Rather than Tory soundbites and gimmicks, this new Labour Government have a plan to deliver real change, driven by a mission of national renewal.
That is clear from this Bill and from the new deal for working people.
Let us be clear: under the Tories, working people suffered more than a decade of falling and flatlining pay, while prices in the shops went up and energy bills soared.
People across Newcastle-under-Lyme still feel the worst effects of the cost of living crisis today.
The Tories broke our country and we are all still paying the price.
Labour’s new deal for working people is a plan to make work pay, ensure security at work and help to provide the work-life balance that everyone deserves.
This Bill and an improved rail service will bring connectivity and growth and, setting it alongside the new worker’s deal to ensure that working people can prosper, we will see the power of a Labour Government.
Cleaning our air and tackling waste crime is a priority for the people who sent me to Parliament.
Walleys Quarry landfill is a disgraceful example of the worst excesses of profit over people and we will not stand for it any more.
It is an environmental crisis and a health one too.
That is why I am grateful that that my right hon.
Friend the Environment Secretary today answered my calls and those of all members of Newcastle-under-Lyme borough council, and granted the council permission to proceed with legal action against Walleys Quarry Ltd.
That is more done in three weeks than the last three Environment Secretaries did in three years.
It requires the law to be changed, but I know that the Environment Secretary has heard me loud and clear.
I am fortunate—I am keeping an eye on the clock, Madam Deputy Speaker—to have met and to know my three immediate predecessors dating back to 1986, Aaron Bell, Paul Farrelly and the noble Baroness Golding.
I am grateful to the more for their service to the people of Newcastle-under-Lyme and I wish them and their families very well.
I have been lucky to have had wonderful support and advice from some brilliant people since my election and over the years.
I want to make a special mention of former Prime Minister Julia Gillard, former Tánaiste Joan Burton and a former Member of this House, Lady Hermon, who made my wedding cake—our wedding cake, I should say; Alison was probably safer at cutting it.
For me, this is personal.
Newcastle-under-Lyme is where my wife Alison and I will raise any family that we are blessed with.
I want to say how grateful I am to my wife Alison, who has been on this journey with me over the last seven years, on foot, by plane, by bus, in the car and on our railways.
I love and admire her and her work as a nurse in our national health service—work that will be strengthened by this Labour Government.
I also want to acknowledge the support of my in-laws, who are watching these proceedings from Northern Ireland.
The last really important speech I gave was on my wedding day.
Memories of that speech are the reason Alison and my family are very pleased indeed that I have an unofficial time limit—although I am pushing it.
My speech as a new husband lasted 28 minutes—[Interruption.]
Very short.
It was timed by my closest mates and friends and they have not, to this day, let me forget it; it took that long due to the appearance of some very happy tears.
Today is a marginally shorter speech, and there are no tears, but there is emotion and determination.
There is love—love of family and love of country—and a resolute determination to do my utmost to ensure, in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across our United Kingdom, that all families know that in the years ahead, their children will be able to build lives of opportunity, community, security, success and hope.
I congratulate you, Madam Deputy Speaker, on your election and I welcome you to your place.
I commend my many hon.
Friends who have made such tremendous contributions in the House this evening, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee) , who gave a moving tribute to his parents, and my young hon.
Friend  the Member for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith) , who has a few less grey hairs than me.
I also congratulate my right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary; it is wonderful to see her in her place on the Government Benches.
I thank her and her team for bringing the Bill to the House so quickly.
I am honoured to have been elected by the people of Shipley constituency to represent them.
I grew up on the edge of the moors in beautiful Wharfedale, and I am proud to serve the place I now call home.
I am by no means the youngest Member to have represented the seat—that honour goes to Chris Leslie who, at 24,  was the baby of the House when he was elected in 1997—but I am the first woman.
I am delighted to be part of the most diverse Parliament with some 263 women MPs on both sides of the House.
On my first day, as I emerged from Westminster tube and looked up in awe at the Palace of Westminster, I took a diversion across Parliament Square to pay homage to Millicent Fawcett, the social campaigner and suffragist whose statue stands alongside Churchill and Gandhi.
She holds a banner with the motto, “Courage calls to courage everywhere”.
I have carried those words with me during my first few weeks in Parliament, although I feel more like the lion from “The Wizard of Oz” as I stand here to make my maiden speech—please, give me courage.
I know the people of Shipley have put their trust in me, however, which gives me heart.
All around me, I see people of courage—every one of us on these Benches.
First, we had the courage to stand in the hostile climate in which politics has been conducted recently.
It is vital that our democracy is not undermined by those who wish to abuse, threaten and intimidate.
I am grateful to the Labour Women’s Network for giving me the support and encouragement to stand, as well as to my husband David, who is here today.
I am proud to support 50:50 Parliament’s campaign, Ask Her To Stand, and I thank the Jo Cox Foundation for its work to promote civility in politics.
I will play my part in upholding standards in this place.
Secondly, we have the courage to stand up for what we believe in.
Each one of us has come to this place with a passion to change things for the better and to leave our communities and the country a better place than when we arrived.
I am heartened by the commitment to work across this House and put aside tribal politics where they get in the way of progress and bring the common good to the fore.
I look forward to working with my neighbour, the right hon.
Member—no, not quite— the hon.
Member for Keighley and Ilkley (Robbie Moore)
[Interruption.]
Not yet.
I will seek to work with colleagues who share my passion to ensure all disabled and older people get access to the care and support they need to live a full life, work I started as the chair of the archbishops’ commission on reimagining care and which I hope to see delivered in the form of a national care service under this Labour Government.
Finally, we must also have the courage to speak up for those whose voices are rarely heard in the corridors of power, to tell their stories, to demand changes that will improve their lives and to show how things can be better.
Many years ago, my teacher Mr Hodgson told me, “You can spend your life shouting from the outside or go and change things from the inside.”
I intend to use my voice in this place to speak up for the people of Shipley constituency, particularly those whose voice is too often ignored or drowned out.
So I am proud that we have a Government who are courageous and have wasted no time in pressing forward with ambitious legislation to deliver on their promises, and today my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport has set out another bold plan, taking the first steps to establish Great British Railways.
The people of Shipley constituency have suffered from expensive and unreliable public transport for too long.
Today’s Bill will begin the work of putting the “public” back into public transport, delivering better connectivity so  that children from Baildon and Burley-in-Wharfedale can get to school, commuters from Cottingley, Crossflatts and Cullingworth can get to work, and pensioners from Eldwick and Gilstead can get to the shops—boosting the economy, enabling tourists to visit our wonderful heritage and beautiful countryside in Bingley and Shipley, and making it easier for people to enjoy a night out in Bradford, proudly the city of culture in 2025.
According to protocol, I am to say something about my immediate predecessor, Sir Philip Davies, who served the people of Shipley constituency for 19 years.
He was always diligent about his correspondence, replying quickly to constituents.
Sir Philip advocated for investment in the local area, and it is in part thanks to his efforts that the NHS has recently committed to reinvesting funds from the sale of Shipley hospital into a new health and wellbeing hub.
I look forward to continuing his work to bring a hoped-for boost to Shipley town centre.
I can, however, reassure the House that I do not intend to continue his tradition of filibustering on a Friday.
I also wish to pay tribute to other Members who have sat on these Benches and inspired me.
There was the formidable Yorkshirewoman Betty Boothroyd, the first woman Speaker of the House.
Her courage gave a teenage lass from Ilkley the idea that she might one day follow in her footsteps, so I hope I can in time make my own contribution to the work of this House.
Jo Cox was a contemporary of mine at Cambridge, and it was her life and horrific murder that spurred me on to stand.
On reading her biography in 2017, I wrote in my own diary: “The values she sought to reflect in the MP she was are also ones I aspire to: to be brave, principled, focused, respected, grounded.”
These values will be the yardstick against which I will judge my own time in this place.
It is usual to say something about the constituency I represent, and there is much to celebrate in the Shipley constituency from Wilsden to Windhill, Micklethwaite to Menston.
We are home to the highest flight of locks on the canals in Britain and the original setting for TV soap “Emmerdale”.
However, I am going to focus on one place, Saltaire, a model village built by Sir Titus Salt, a philanthropist and mill owner.
The mill was at the forefront of innovation in the wool trade and the largest in Europe.
Salt provided decent housing and amenities for the workers, a library, a school—now home to Shipley college—and a church.
He was wary of the demon drink, though, so no pub, although I am pleased to say that Saltaire now boasts an excellent brewery.
Salt understood that economic growth and lifting people out of poverty go hand in hand, and I am proud that the Labour Government will ensure there are high-quality jobs for local people, end the trap of low-paid work and open up opportunities for people to train for the jobs of the future.
I could tell hon.
Members about other inspiring historical figures who hail from or have lived in my constituency and are immortalised in the names of local buildings and roads, or I could tell them about the many amazing volunteers who keep our communities blooming, the independent business owners whose industry powers our local economy and the local farmers whose toil puts food on our plates, but I would like to tell them about those in my own life whose courage has given me courage.
My great-grandfather Frederick Dixon fought and died on Flanders fields in the first world war.
My grandfather Herbert, true to his Christian beliefs, refused to serve in the military during the second world war and undertook other vital work.
He died in a car accident that left my grandmother Freda in a coma with brain injuries.
She learned to walk again, to feed herself and to write with her left hand.
She lived for another 30 years, albeit with disability and mainly housebound, but she could still beat all of us at Scrabble.
My late uncle David came to this country from Zambia on a scholarship and became the first black African to play golf for Oxford University—a golf legend 40 years before Tiger Woods hit the headlines.
My niece Martha, diagnosed as autistic after struggling with mental health issues as a teenager, has had the courage to embrace her difference and find her way in the world.
My family—in particular my mum and dad, who are in the Gallery—and my church taught me the values that I bring to my politics: that everyone should be able to live free from prejudice and discrimination, and that those of us who have plenty must share what we have and take action to lift people out of poverty and tackle inequalities.
I am proud to be a member of the Labour party, which is putting those values into practice.
There will be time in the coming months for me to talk about the priorities that I will deliver for the people of Shipley—getting local GP and NHS dental services back for patients in places like Wrose, stopping sewage dumping in the Wharfe and the Aire, having more neighbourhood police in villages such as Denholme and Harden, revitalising our high streets in Shipley and Bingley and supporting young people’s mental health—but the final issue that I would like to highlight today is the contribution of family carers.
My mum cared for my grandma for many years, and it was her love and support that enabled my grandma to go to church, take trips up the dales, see friends and family and have a good life.
There are millions of unsung heroes like her, unpaid and undervalued.
Behind closed doors across this country, an estimated 5 million people—mostly women—are providing support and care to loved ones.
I want to make them my priority in this place, and I will start by campaigning for a review of the carer’s allowance to ensure that hard-pressed carers are not penalised for taking a part-time job to make ends meet.
I would like to end where I began: with the words of Millicent Fawcett ringing in my ears.
Courage calls to courage everywhere.
I will stand up for what I believe in and speak up for the people of Shipley constituency, and perhaps my courage will inspire another young Yorkshire lass to follow me into this place one day.
As Betty would have said, time’s up.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for this opportunity to make my maiden speech.
May I congratulate you on your recent election?
I also congratulate all those who have made maiden speeches today, particularly  the hon.
Member for High Peak (Jon Pearce) , who spoke so passionately about the beauty of his constituency and the childhood experiences that he brings to this House.
I am honoured to have been elected by the people of Thornbury and Yate to be their voice and champion here in Parliament.
Ours is a beautiful and hugely varied rural constituency, with the towns of Thornbury, Yate and Chipping Sodbury and many villages, stretching from Hill, Falfield and Charfield in the north to Bridge Yate,  Siston and Wick in the south.
To the east is the Cotswold escarpment, part of a designated national landscape.
To the west is the Severn estuary, a Ramsar wetland of international importance and formerly home to the Aust ferry, made famous by Bob Dylan.
There is much worth visiting locally, from historic attractions such as Dyrham Park and Acton Court, to the more modern.
Bristol Zoo Project carries out important international conservation work, while not far away—I hesitate to mention this, when my leader, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  might be listening—there is an artificial inland surfing lake called the Wave.
There is a real history of innovation locally, although sadly my own parish of Frampton Cotterell’s claim to the invention of the Stetson hat appears to be little more than an urban legend.
However, we can be proud that the pioneer of vaccination, Edward Jenner, started his medical training in Chipping Sodbury.
Nowadays, many of my constituents work in cutting-edge industries in our region, such as aerospace.
With a background in maths and software engineering, I take a keen interest in seeing those industries flourish, and I want to ensure that our young people can benefit from the opportunities they bring.
My constituency is of course more than its landscape and history; it is the people who live there and their fantastic community spirit.
I saw that in my own village during the pandemic, when hundreds of volunteers rallied to help others.
Whether it is the big lunch in Chipping Sodbury, the Yate Ageing Better festival, Thornbury carnival or any myriad other events and groups, they all contribute to making the constituency a wonderful place to live.