The A1 runs through my constituency, but the same issues also apply to the new A14, with similar dangerous junctions.
The 12-mile section that includes the stretch between Keystone and Ellington has both crossovers and ungraded junctions.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that on those stretches, Highways England should introduce a reduced speed limit of 50 mph where there are dangerous junctions, as there is on the A1, as an immediate measure prior to upgrading the junctions and improving signage?
Record rates of retail crime and shoplifting are blighting our high streets, including in Ipswich, where too often such instances act as a flashpoint for completely unacceptable levels of violence, threats and abuse directed towards retail workers.
I very much welcome the Government’s commitment to ending the £200 threshold for prosecuting shoplifters, and the introduction of a stand-alone offence that will give shoplifters the protection they need.
Will the Minister join me in Ipswich to meet local retail staff, so that she can hear about their experiences and the vital difference that these steps will make?
I had a feeling that my hon.
Friend might mention Avanti, and he knows my views.
One of the first meetings I held as Secretary of State was with Avanti.
I called it in, as one of the worst-performing operators, with representatives of its Network Rail business unit —a meeting that was not held by any of my three predecessors while I was shadow Secretary of State.
I made it clear that Avanti’s level of performance will not be tolerated, and we will use all measures under its national rail contract to hold it to account.
That does not exclude terminating the contract before it expires if Avanti defaults.
We were promised High Speed 2 to Manchester, yet that was axed—in Manchester, no less—leaving a west coast main line that is now bursting at the seams.
Meanwhile, passengers continue to suffer, with overcrowded trains and poor facilities, record-high cancellations—almost one in three trains is late—some of the most expensive fares in Europe, and regular bouts of industrial action.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my first contribution in this House and welcome you to your place following the election.
I congratulate all hon.
Members and hon.
Friends who have given their maiden speeches over previous days.
They have been a reminder of the immense talent of those joining this House, and what a privilege it is for me to be among them.
I look forward to hearing their many contributions to debates over the coming months and years.
I begin by paying tribute to my predecessor, Julie Marson, who served our residents for four and a half years.
I thank Julie for her hard work in helping to secure banking hubs to protect our residents’ access to in-person banking services in parts of our community—work that  I look forward to continuing.
I know that the whole House will want to join me in wishing Julie and her family the very best for the future.
It is the honour of my life to represent the community where I grew up and that I call home, as the first Labour MP in Hertford and Stortford’s 41-year history.
Our town centre in Hertford gave me my first job, our railways carried me to the university education I thought I had missed out on and, although I am not sure that at age 24 I count as an old boy of the school, I am a proud former student of Richard Hale.
I am deeply humbled by the trust that our residents have placed in me, and I will work every day to ensure that it is repaid.
Hertford and Stortford is a historic community.
When plague overran London in the 1500s, this Parliament moved to Hertford castle, where the gatehouse is now home to Hertford town council.
Bishop’s Stortford is suspected to be a Roman new town, and may once have sat at an ancient transport interchange.
Sawbridgeworth boasts architecture from the Tudor, Stuart and Georgian periods, and Ware was home to a malt-making industry that lasted from the civil war to the 20th century.
Our constituency represents so much of what is great about our country: hard-working communities, historic towns, and hubs of innovation, creativity and commerce.
I had the chance to visit one such hub of innovation on a recent visit to Wickham Hall in Bishop’s Stortford.
There I was inspired by David and Suzy Harvey, self-styled “custodians of the countryside”, whose creativity and passion have transformed a 100-year-old family farm into a thriving business community, making use of the green technologies of the future and with a mission to protect our environment.
Our natural environment is as diverse as it is beautiful, with some of Britain’s rare chalk streams, of which our residents are rightly fiercely protective, running right through our constituency.
I therefore warmly welcome this Government’s commitment to cleaning up our precious waters.
I will work tirelessly, within this House and in my community, to ensure that they are protected.
Today, many of our Hertford and Stortford residents will travel to and from work using our local railways, whether from one town to the next, from our constituency into London or even further.
However, when I speak to residents in our community, too often I hear stories of a broken rail network that is not working for local people.
Indeed, just today one of my residents contacted me to say that yet more services had been cancelled to Hertford North this evening due to a lack of staff.
Our railways were once the pride of Britain, connecting people and places with new opportunities, but the current model of privatisation is failing passengers and staff across the country.
I am heartened by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State’s promise to “move fast and fix things”.
We know that publicly owned, passenger-focused rail can deliver the efficient, high-quality and reliable service that our Hertford and Stortford residents need, and make our railways something to be proud of once again.
I have not followed a traditional path through life, as my sometimes frustrated parents would agree.
I left school at 17 and went straight into work, first in my town centre, then commuting into London, before working in recruitment in a local business park.
I returned to education during lockdown, enrolling at the University  of Westminster to study—perhaps unsurprisingly—politics, blissfully unaware that in a few years’ time, I would be desperately trying to navigate the corridors of this place.
I would not have found the path that was right for me had it not been for the inspirational work of our youth clubs in Hertford and Stortford, and it is to them that I wish to pay tribute now.
I have experienced at first hand the difference that their work makes to the lives of our young people, and I can say with confidence that, had it not been for the support and guidance of a youth worker named Russell Cairns, I would not be in this Chamber today.
I have since had the privilege of visiting the Thirst youth café in Bishop’s Stortford and volunteering at FUTUREhope youth café, in the very building where I once sought advice from Russell.
I look forward to working with them and many others as our Member of Parliament, to ensure that every young person in our community is supported to find the path that is right for them, just as I was supported to find mine.
I hope I can also show our young people that, if they wish, the path they choose can lead them here.
During the election, I had the chance to visit some of our local schools, taking part in a hustings at Herts and Essex high school in Bishop’s Stortford and answering the questions of sixth-formers at Leventhorpe school in Sawbridgeworth and Richard Hale school in Hertford.
I was struck by their insightful questions and genuine passion for politics.
We know that young people are at the sharp end of so many of the crises we face today, whether it is the climate crisis or the crisis in housing and mental health, but too often they feel powerless to make a difference and that politics is not a place for them.
I am proud to be a young person representing his community, joining this place among a cohort of younger parliamentarians.
But it is incumbent on all of us to show our young people that they have a place not only in politics, but in this Parliament too, and I look forward to working with colleagues across the House to make that happen.
Finally, I would like to reflect on two people without whom I would not be here: my mum and dad.
My mum taught in local schools before becoming a special educational needs co-ordinator.
I have grown up watching her give so much to her profession in often challenging circumstances.
Hers is the story of teachers and support staff across our schools across the country, and she continues to be an inspiration to me—as is my dad, who now lives just outside Bishop’s Stortford and, like so many of our residents, commutes into London every day.
My parents moved to Hertford in the late 1990s because they wanted the best start for me.
I cannot think of a better moment than now to thank them for everything they have given me over the last 24 years.
My parents are examples of hard work and dedication, principles that they have instilled in me, and those are principles that I will carry with me every day as I go to work in this place.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for affording me the honour and opportunity to make my maiden speech today.
I have listened intently to many speeches over the past few days, and I congratulate all those who have made their maiden speech.
I rise with slight trepidation in my aspiration to match the passion and eloquence of others, who have spoken in such an inspiring way about their constituencies, life experiences and priorities.
I commend them all.
I would like to start by paying tribute to my immediate predecessor, Katherine Fletcher.
Katherine dedicated herself for the past four and a half years, and had a real  passion for wanting to improve the lives of many people in the constituency.
I also pay tribute to all previous elected Members of Parliament who have served the community of South Ribble: the right hon.
Sir Robert Atkins, David Borrow, Lorraine Fullbrook and Seema Kennedy.
All are still highly thought of.
Today, we debate the public ownership of passenger railway services.
For my constituents, that cannot happen quickly enough.
With Avanti West Coast, which in my instance runs the west coast main line between Preston and London, we are subjected to quite possibly the worst franchise in the country—and trust me, given the state of many of the current franchises, that is some achievement.
Being elected on the new boundaries for South Ribble—which, Mr Speaker, now include many areas of Chorley Rural West—on  4 July  was a huge privilege, humbling and a great honour.
I cannot thank the people of South Ribble enough for giving me this opportunity to represent them.
I hope and promise to do my best, using my experience in industry, in the military and, more recently, as their council leader in local government.
With a heavy heart, I have now passed on the baton of the leadership of South Ribble borough council to Councillor Jacky Alty, my friend and colleague.
I send her and the council my heartfelt best wishes for the future.
However, I am now in a new political chapter and intend to push forward, delivering change with my new Labour Government and colleagues, and I will take every opportunity to advance my constituents’ priorities and prospects in every way I can, with all the energy and experience I bring.
I remain committed to ensuring that they all begin to thrive following such challenging times.
I was brought up in Barrow-in-Furness, and I have a continuing passion for Barrow AFC.
However, during the crippling strikes at the shipyard in 1988 in response to Mrs Thatcher’s targeted attacks on the UK’s manufacturing industry, I ended up joining the British Army’s Corps of Royal Engineers at the tender age of 18.
I served for just under 15 years, serving operationally in the first Gulf war on Operation Haven and in the Kosovo conflict in 1999, to name but two.
After retiring from the Royal Engineers in 2003 to be closer to my young children, I moved to South Ribble to establish a new life and a fresh start, and made it my home.
The people are always warm and welcoming, and I understand that I am the first Member of Parliament actually from the constituency to have been elected to represent it.
Like many constituencies, South Ribble is both rural and urban.
We have the River Ribble running through the north of the constituency, and borders with Preston, West Lancashire, Ribble Valley and Chorley.
South Ribble is made up of many small villages, like Much Hoole, Hutton, Charnock Richard, Longton, Croston and Eccleston, as well as towns such as Penwortham and Leyland, where—as Members may have guessed—Leyland trucks were historically produced and our fantastic manufacturing base was born.
I think we have Leyland Motors to thank for the now well-established global defence manufacturer, BAE Systems, on our doorstep.
The draughtsmen, designers, fitters, engineers and fabled toolmakers were all in abundance at Leyland Motors in South Ribble, and that knowledge has been passed on proudly through our local skills and training institutions  for decades.
Central Lancashire provides thousands of highly technical workers to many critical sectors, primarily the defence sector.
South Ribble has many unique characteristics, cultures and attractions.
As the council leader, I have come to know my constituency intimately: spending time at the longest-standing green flag awarded Worden park and Worden Hall on a Saturday afternoon; having a pint with Martin, Nigel and Rachel in the Market Ale House in Leyland; or working with fellow veterans, who are represented in an astonishing 19% of households in South Ribble.
I will continue to support and champion individuals such as 15-year-old Ben Griffiths—or “Boisterous Ben”, if Members would like to follow his story on social media.
Ben is living an exceptionally tough life, with intractable epilepsy that he has had since birth.
He has a desperate need for full access to NHS-prescribed medical cannabis, which he is not being permitted.
In my opinion, he is being denied that life-saving medication due to bureaucracy.
I will not accept that, and will not rest until Ben gets the support and medication he needs.
I will also continue to support my community, who desperately need new road infrastructure to lessen congestion and travel times and improve air quality, as well as more quality housing and developments in the right places so that communities and families can continue to live together in South Ribble.
However, these developments must be sustainable, with infrastructure first, and they must be affordable.
I will strive to get the Government to commence a huge council house building programme with local councils up and down the country.
I am proud that when I was council leader, we commenced building the first council houses in a generation in South Ribble—houses that are high-quality and affordable.
I will continue to champion inward investment through devolution in the north-west and to work towards an elected mayor and combined authority for Lancashire, permitting local decision makers to have greater powers in their own transport, health, policing, skills, education, housing and employment.
The current county combined authority being pursued by Lancashire county council just is not good enough—I have already spoken to the relevant Secretary of State about the issue.
We must also optimise the opportunities that will come with the brand-new cyber-security centre on our doorstep, at BAE Systems in my neighbouring constituency of Ribble Valley; it really could become a global centre of excellence, offering huge opportunities to the entire constituency.
Finally, I pay tribute to my beloved mother Marilyn.
After losing her to cancer complicated by covid in 2020, I know what losing a loved one feels like.
She was only 68 years and one day old when she passed; she was lonely and afraid, and the pain that me and my family, and many thousands of others, went through during the pandemic can never, ever be repeated.
Her end of life was desperately traumatic, and could and should have been avoided.
I hold a very personal and strong view on the very well-publicised parties that were held down here.
We must learn lessons, and must all listen very carefully to what the covid inquiry finds.
Given me and my family’s experiences with my mum, I also look forward to the passionate debate on assisted dying, which will be a deeply complex but critically important piece of legislation.
I have dedicated 32 years of my life to public service in the British Army and in local government.
I now further commit to you, Mr Speaker, to this House, and to each and every one of my constituents, as it states in my Institution of Royal Engineers’ motto, “service not self”; I promise my continued public service, upholding fully the principles of integrity, objectivity, accountability, selflessness, openness, honesty and leadership at all times.
I am honoured to be here to serve the people of South Ribble.
I rise to give my maiden speech.
I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your position and the Transport Secretary and the Front-Bench team on their positions.
It is a privilege and a pleasure to follow the maiden speeches that we have just heard, including by  the hon.
Member for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean) , who, along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eastbourne (Josh Babarinde) , significantly increases the Josh quotient in the House.
If I contribute nothing else, I clearly increase the Gideon quotient by the massive number of one new Member of Parliament.
I also thank  the hon.
Member for South Ribble (Mr Foster) , whose public service has been enduring.
He has had my congratulations on that already.
Their speeches will be a hard act to follow, but I have the advantage of representing Taunton and Wellington, so it should not be too much of a problem.
I give credit to the former Conservative Member for Taunton Deane, Rebecca Pow, who will, I am sure, continue her enthusiasm for gardening and wildlife.
She was, of course, a Minister with responsibility for water and for our rivers.
I am partial to a dip in the river from time to time, so I was pleased to successfully apply for bathing water status for a stretch of the Tone in Taunton to get the improvement in water quality that we desperately need in our rivers down in Taunton.
The River Tone is the silver thread that joins Wellington to Taunton to the levels, close to where the famous cakes were burned near the King Alfred Inn at Burrowbridge.
I also pay tribute to the former Liberal Democrat MP Jeremy Browne, the Member of Parliament for Taunton Deane from 2005 to 2015.
He served as a Home Office and a Foreign Office Minister, and remains incredibly well liked in the constituency.
He was the first Member to propose a new railway station for Wellington, and I am delighted to have had the Chancellor’s assurance in the previous debate that that project will go ahead.
I am the eighth Liberal to represent Taunton in Parliament since some guy named Disraeli was defeated by the first one in the 1835 general election.
Of course, nothing further was heard of him—at least not in Taunton.
Taunton’s parliamentary tradition is very deep-rooted.
As a county town with a castle, which today proudly houses the Castle hotel and the superb Museum of Somerset supported by our dynamic town council, its parliamentarians held out in siege after siege.
Today, the hard work of so many people in Taunton at the Brewhouse theatre, the Southern Sinfonia, the Bluebirds Theatre Company, the Tacchi-Morris, the Willows and Wetlands visitor centre, the Creative Innovation Centre, Arts  Taunton, GoCreate Taunton, groups such as Amici and Voce, and the Bradford Players—I have many more—the Taunton Thespians and the @2K Theatre; and in Wellington at the Arts Centre, the Wellesley Theatre, the operatic society, and the Gaumont theatre, which once played host to the Beatles and the Rolling Stones and is now home to the bingo, all comes together to mean that not only do we have a Mecca, but our area is a cultural mecca to which people come from far and wide.
Then, of course, there is the magnificent Somerset county ground, graced by the towers of St James and the minster, where I married Caroline just 28 short years ago.
I thank her and our children, Emily, Fraser and Fenner and Felix, from the bottom of my heart for their support.
Our schools from North Town and Minerva to Bishop Fox’s, Court Fields, Castle, Pyrland, Selworthy and Monkton Wood feed into our nationally renowned Richard Huish College, Bridgwater & Taunton College and University Centre Somerset, which now offers degrees like nursing, in support of the superb staff at Musgrove Park hospital.
Funding is urgently needed for the hospital’s new maternity unit, because buckets are currently used to catch the rain in the corridors of a building built for the US army—as a temporary building—in 1940.
Similarly, King’s and Queen’s, Taunton and Wellington’s independent schools, make a massive contribution to our area’s local economy.
We also have a successful home education community that inspires an innovative generation of young people.
To all our area’s children, I say: “Be yourself.
If your name is Gideon, for example, there’s no need to change it to get elected to Parliament.”
That is something I once tried to discuss with the former Member for Tatton.
I confess that it has taken me a little time to get to this Chamber—if I had not had to deliver all those bibles to hotels, I would have got here a lot quicker.
All those institutions, together with the UK Hydrographic Office, make Taunton the ideal location for new research and innovation entrepreneurs.
It is only 104 minutes from Paddington, so they should all come and enjoy the amazing quality of life that we offer.
When they come to Taunton, they will find a ticket office at the station that is still working.
I was amazed to hear  the right hon.
Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton)  apparently still advocating the closure of ticket offices—a policy about which I can say only “good luck”.
To encourage people to come to Wellington, I look forward to working hard on the Wellington station project that I mentioned earlier.
I invite the right hon.
Lady the Transport Secretary, and the Under-Secretary of State for Transport,  the hon.
Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , to visit the project.
On their visit, I hope that they will enjoy a glass of famous Sheppy’s or Taunton cider—or, to pronounce it correctly for Hansard, zyder—at the Ring of Bells, the Green Dragon or the Pump House in Tonedale, in a Rocket and Bird glass with some Somerdale cheese and perhaps some Bumblee’s relish, followed by a meal at Guddi and Gikki, Maliha and Taj, the Little Wine Shop or Augustus.
They are ideal for planning visits to key organisations in the constituency, like WPA, Pritex or indeed the 40 Commando Royal Marines at Norton Manor camp.
I was delighted to support the Royal Marines, with the help of former Royal Marine Paddy Ashdown—raising an ultimately successful petition to gain a U-turn on the previous Government’s shocking proposal to close down the entire facility.
In his maiden speech the other day, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Cameron Thomas) , drew attention to the huge sacrifice that previous generations made so that we are all free to sit in this Chamber today.
My service in the Territorial Army was pretty minimal, but my father, FJC “Jim” Amos CBE, and my mother, Geraldine Amos MBE, both served in world war two, following their fathers who served in the trenches.
I remember discussing it with them all.
When I was growing up, hon.
Members will not be surprised to hear that the atmosphere and the memories of war loomed large in discussions around meal tables.
Is it not that generation’s courage and bravery, not only in rebuilding Britain but in defeating fascism in the first place, that demand our respect?
They demand that we do everything we can to defend the liberal and democratic values that make this country so great.
Their bravery surely also demands that all hon.
Members, on both sides of the House, always say no to those who would stir up division, despair and hatred for nothing more than votes, because they have nothing positive to offer people.
It is the greatest privilege of my life to serve the residents of Taunton and Wellington—from Hatch Beauchamp, Helland and North Curry in the east to Whiteball, West Buckland, and Sampfords Moor and Arundel in the west; and from Bishopswood, Churchinford and Stoke St Mary in the south to Pickney, West Monckton and Kingston St Mary in the north—in this House.
I am here to do one thing: work for them and stand up for them to those in power whenever that is the right thing to do.
I thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to begin that duty today.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for this opportunity to make my maiden speech.
May I congratulate you on your recent election?
I also congratulate all those who have made maiden speeches today, particularly  the hon.
Member for High Peak (Jon Pearce) , who spoke so passionately about the beauty of his constituency and the childhood experiences that he brings to this House.
I am honoured to have been elected by the people of Thornbury and Yate to be their voice and champion here in Parliament.
Ours is a beautiful and hugely varied rural constituency, with the towns of Thornbury, Yate and Chipping Sodbury and many villages, stretching from Hill, Falfield and Charfield in the north to Bridge Yate,  Siston and Wick in the south.
To the east is the Cotswold escarpment, part of a designated national landscape.
To the west is the Severn estuary, a Ramsar wetland of international importance and formerly home to the Aust ferry, made famous by Bob Dylan.
There is much worth visiting locally, from historic attractions such as Dyrham Park and Acton Court, to the more modern.
Bristol Zoo Project carries out important international conservation work, while not far away—I hesitate to mention this, when my leader, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  might be listening—there is an artificial inland surfing lake called the Wave.
There is a real history of innovation locally, although sadly my own parish of Frampton Cotterell’s claim to the invention of the Stetson hat appears to be little more than an urban legend.
However, we can be proud that the pioneer of vaccination, Edward Jenner, started his medical training in Chipping Sodbury.
Nowadays, many of my constituents work in cutting-edge industries in our region, such as aerospace.
With a background in maths and software engineering, I take a keen interest in seeing those industries flourish, and I want to ensure that our young people can benefit from the opportunities they bring.
My constituency is of course more than its landscape and history; it is the people who live there and their fantastic community spirit.
I saw that in my own village during the pandemic, when hundreds of volunteers rallied to help others.
Whether it is the big lunch in Chipping Sodbury, the Yate Ageing Better festival, Thornbury carnival or any myriad other events and groups, they all contribute to making the constituency a wonderful place to live.