Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
143

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 7, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

SEPTEMBER 12

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of General

David W. Allvin, USAF, for reappointment to the grade

of general and to be Chief of Staff of the Air Force,

Department of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the U.S.

Securities and Exchange Commission.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Robert G.

Taub, of New York, to be a Commissioner of the Postal

Regulatory Commission, and Tanya Monique Jones Bosier,

Danny Lam Hoan Nguyen, and Kenechukwu Onyemaechi

Okocha, each to be an Associate Judge of the Superior

Court of the District of Columbia; to be immediately

followed by a hearing to examine America's supply chain

security, focusing on understanding and mitigating

threats.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine book bans, focusing on how

censorship limits liberty and literature.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Housing, Transportation, and Community

Development

To hold hearings to examine housing supply and

innovation.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, and

Data Security

To hold hearings to examine the need for transparency in

Artificial Intelligence.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Privacy, Technology, and the Law

To hold an oversight hearing to examine A.I., focusing on

legislating on artificial intelligence.
SEPTEMBER 13

10 a.m.

Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine how immigration fuels

economic growth and our competitive advantage.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the effects of extreme heat

and weather on transportation.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations

To hold hearings to examine the PGA Tour-LIV deal,

focusing on the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund's

investments in the United States.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal

Bureau of Prisons.
SEPTEMBER 14

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Admiral

Lisa M. Franchetti, USN, for reappointment to the grade

of admiral and to be Chief of Naval Operations,

Department of Defense.
10 a.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine governing AI through

acquisition and procurement.