MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Edgar

Ontiveros, a leader and public servant who has been named California's

4th Congressional District 2025 American Dream Award Recipient for Lake

County.
This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in our

district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in

the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement,

Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service.
For many years, Mr. Ontiveros came to Hidden Valley to visit his

uncle during the weekends.
In 2003, he had the chance to visit

Clearlake for the first time, sparking his love for the Lake County

community.
By 2004, he had the opportunity to purchase a house in

Clearlake and has lived in the area ever since.
In 2009, Mr. Ontiveros joined the staff of Lake County Behavioral

Health Services (LCBHS) as a Cultural Specialist and Ethnic Services

Peer Support Specialist.
In 2014, LCBHS created the La Voz De la

Esperanza community center, appointing Mr. Ontiveros as the center's

supervisor.
The La Voz, or the Latino Wellness Center, located in

Clearlake, works to connect the Latino Community to culturally relevant

service and ensure that Spanish speakers are equipped with tools to

navigate health and wellness services.
With volunteer translators and

various educational opportunities, they help to break the language

barrier that often prevents people from seeking help and offer

referrals for mental health services when requested.
Mr. Ontiveros' leadership and work as the supervisor of La Voz

integral in ensuring countless community members have access to mental

health support, help to navigate the health care system, and a sense of

community and support.
As a Certified Medi-Cal Peer Support Specialist,

he works to assess critical needs of Latino community members regarding

mental health services and support clients, both individual and family.
Mr. Ontiveros also works tirelessly to develop, implement, and

maintain activities and programs related to the Latino Wellness Center.
He recruits and trains volunteers and develops relationships with

partner agencies and community entities.
Additionally, Mr. Ontiveros

connects Latino community members to services through the Behavioral

Health Department, providing key mental health services for those who

may not otherwise have access.
Mr. Ontiveros' commitment to service extends well beyond his

professional duties.
Mr. Ontiveros has taken to the front lines of

community support following the countless fires that devastated Lake

County, communicating important information and ensuring that Lake

County residents have equitable access to emergency services and

necessities during major disasters.
Mr. Ontiveros is an ordained

minister and faith leader.
He works as a preacher in Middletown for the

South Lake County community.
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we honor La Voz director

Edgar Ontiveros for his service, leadership, and dedication to the Lake

County community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LARRY HOOPER

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

remarkable servant, Mr. Larry Hooper.
Born and raised in Natchez, Mississippi, Larry Hooper is a third-

generation educator

who is deeply committed to ensuring that students have access to high-

quality educational opportunities.
Mr. Hooper has served as a teacher, basketball coach, reading program

facilitator, Job Training Partnership/General Education Diploma

Supervisor, high school graduation coach, assistant principal, and

principal, accumulating 21 years of administrative experience.
He was named Teacher of the Year at Hazlehurst Elementary School in

1999.
As a basketball coach, he led teams to championships in both

Vicksburg and Port Gibson.
Mr. Hooper has also played a key role in

helping William Winans Middle School and Natchez Freshman Academy exit

School Improvement Status.
A God-fearing and family-oriented individual, Mr. Hooper is a proud

parent of a son and a daughter and remains very active in the Natchez

community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Larry

Hooper for his outstanding service and achievements in the Natchez,

Claiborne, and Wilkinson County communities of Mississippi.