Title: CELEBRATING A CHAMPION, CASSANDRA WILSON; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
124

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING A CHAMPION, CASSANDRA WILSON

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true champion from

Northwest Ohio, Cassandra Wilson.
Cassandra is not only the first woman in Lucas County to bring home

gold medals four years in a row for Special Olympics Powerlifting, she

is also a fearless advocate who has served as the first Self Advocate

from her county on the State Developmental Disabilities Council.
Since the age of five, Cassandra has been a voice for those too often

left unheard.
Her advocacy, determination, and unbreakable spirit have

shattered barriers and inspired communities.
Even when faced with coaches who doubted her, she stood strong.
She proved--and continues to prove--that strength isn't just about

lifting weights; it's about lifting others up with you.
She reminds us all that true leadership begins with courage, and true

change comes from those who never give up.
She is not just breaking

records, she's breaking ground.
Cassandra is a living example that hard work and confidence, not

gender or circumstance, defines our potential.
May her story continue to lift hearts, open minds, and pave the way

for many more to follow.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING MOTHER REGINA ROSE EDWARDS

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McCLAIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an extraordinary

woman whose life of faith, service, and leadership has left a lasting

impact on her community and the Church.
Mother Regina Rose Edwards, who is celebrating 90 blessed years, is a

native of River Rouge, Michigan.
She has dedicated her life in service

to her Church and community and has raised a proud family.
Throughout our Nation's history, we have always been inspired by

those whose faith and unwavering commitment uplifts others.
Mother

Regina Rose Edwards goes beyond these criteria.
For decades, Mother Edwards has embodied compassion, wisdom, and

dedication in her role as matriarch within the Church of God in Christ

and as a beloved member of the Michigan Southwest First Ecclesiastical

Jurisdiction.
Her ministry has brought comfort and community to countless families.
Through prayer, mentorship, and love, she has been a guiding light to

many.
As she celebrates her 90th birthday, I wanted to take an opportunity

to recognize her faith, service, and lifetime of commitment to her

community.
Mr. Speaker, the legacy of Mother Regina Rose Edwards is one of

service over self.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing and

celebrating her remarkable achievements and contributions to our

Nation, her community, and the Church.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2026

speech of

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my amendment to the

Fiscal Year 2026 Defense Appropriations Act, which provides $10 million

to support testing of tethered unmanned aircraft system prototypes.
Tethered drones, which are physically connected to a ground-based

power source, offer critical protection against cyberattacks--an

increasingly important safeguard given rising threats from adversaries

like China and North Korea.
My amendment 275, included in Bipartisan En Bloc No.
2, provides the

Army with the necessary resources to procure and test tethered drones.
Tethered drone testing could lead to further innovation and advance

the Army's mission capabilities.
I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CINTHYA CISNEROS

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Cinthya Cisneros, a leader and public servant who has been named

California's 4th Congressional District 2025 American Dream Award

Recipient for Napa County.