From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CINTHYA CISNEROS

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Cinthya Cisneros, a leader and public servant who has been named

California's 4th Congressional District 2025 American Dream Award

Recipient for Napa County.
This award recognizes the achievements of

immigrants in our district who have made remarkable contributions to

our communities in the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional

Achievement, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service.
Ms. Cisneros was born in Michoacan, Mexico, as the oldest of three

siblings and has grown up in Napa since the age of four.
She holds a

Bachelor of Science in Chemistry from Sonoma State University and holds

a Single Subject Teaching Credential from Sacramento State University.
Ms. Cisneros began her career in 2018 working as a bartender shortly

after finishing her last year of teaching high school chemistry.
In

2020, she founded La Cheve Bakery and Brews, a family-owned Mexican

bakery, craft beer taproom, and restaurant.
She is also the owner of

the upcoming restaurant Con Amor Botanas y Tequila, co-founder of La

Lucha Wines, and advisory board member of the nonprofit scholarship

organization 10,000 degrees.
Ms. Cisneros and La Cheve regularly give back to our community.
Since

its founding, La Cheve has provided scholarships for undocumented,

Latino, and low-income, first-generation college students in the

science and business field.
La Cheve has also supported our community

through fundraising efforts for organizations such as: If Given a

Chance, Migrant Farmworkers, LGBTQ Connection, Puertas Abiertas, COPE,

NEWS, Napa Valley Education Foundation, Red Cross, Molly's Angels,

IIBA, Mariposa, Napa High School, Vintage High School, Valley Oak High

School, Napa United, and Girls on the Run.
Ms. Cisneros has always dreamed of helping her parents, who she notes

as being her biggest role models.
At La Cheve, she works alongside

them.
For her work, Ms. Cisneros was recognized as this year's American

Dream Award Recipient in Napa County.
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we honor Cinthya Cisneros

for her service and dedication to California's 4th District.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DONALD DWIGHT

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and mourn the passing

of Mr. Donald R. Dwight of Holyoke, Massachusetts.
Mr. Dwight was a

Marine, newspaper executive, and dedicated public servant.
Born in

Massachusetts, he attended Deerfield Academy and Princeton before

serving as an active-duty Marine, where he earned the rank of captain.
A man dedicated to his country, Mr. Dwight held multiple public

offices, including serving as the 64th Lieutenant Governor of

Massachusetts.
As Lieutenant Governor, he worked behind the scenes to

serve his state and always stood up for what he felt was right.
After leaving public office, Mr. Dwight led newspapers in Minneapolis

and New England and was responsible for printing seven separate

publications.
He was dedicated to local, independent journalism and

never hesitated to follow a difficult story.
Outside of his public life, Mr. Dwight was a loving husband, father,

and grandfather.
To those who knew him, he was endlessly curious, and

never afraid to try new things.
He always knew how to ask the right

questions and was driven by unflinching dedication to the common good.
The mark he left on his community, state, and country will never be

forgotten, and for that, we are forever grateful.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING EDGAR ONTIVEROS

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Edgar

Ontiveros, a leader and public servant who has been named California's

4th Congressional District 2025 American Dream Award Recipient for Lake

County.
This award recognizes the achievements of immigrants in our

district who have made remarkable contributions to our communities in

the areas of Arts and Culture, Professional Achievement,

Entrepreneurship and Innovation, or Community Service.