Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Anusha Arora

on being the Gold Medal recipient at the Washington State Science and

Engineering Fair for her project titled ``Smart Strings: A Novel Low-

Cost Multimodal System for Intelligent Sensory Feedback through

Artificial Intelligence.''
The Washington State Science and Engineering

Fair aims to advance the studies of STEM in grades 1-12 through the

State of Washington.
They work to provide opportunities for students to

display their projects and provide support and guidance for the

operation of science and engineering fairs throughout Washington State.
Additionally, Anusha had the opportunity to represent Washington

State at the 2025 Regeneron International Science and Engineering Fair.
For more than 70 years, thousands of students from various science fair

networks have explored their passion for scientific research at the

world's largest pre-college science competition.
Students from more

than 75 countries, regions and territories competed across 21 different

STEM disciplines.
This year, Anusha competed among the top young

scientists from around the globe and was selected as a Grand Award

Winner in the category of ``Technology Enhances the Arts.''
Anusha

Arora attends Interlake High School in Washington's 1st Congressional

District.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating Anusha

Arora and this victory for science education in Washington.
Her work

demonstrates not only exceptional scientific excellence, but a deep

commitment to addressing real world challenges.
We are grateful for her

contributions to the scientific community and wish her a successful

career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LEE VENT

HON.
ERIC A. ``RICK'' CRAWFORD

Mr. CRAWFORD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the outstanding

contributions of Mr. Lee Vent, a lifelong administrator and educator,

who was recently recognized as a Legacy Leader by the Arkansas

Association of Educational Administrators.
The organization is

dedicated to supporting and enhancing educational leadership in

Arkansas through various initiatives and legislative advocacy.
This

prestigious award recognizes individuals who have demonstrated

exceptional leadership and made significant contributions to the field

of education in Arkansas.
Mr. Vent has shown unwavering dedication with an incredible 56-year

career in education, including 43 continuous years as a Superintendent,

making him the longest continuously serving Superintendent in Arkansas.
He currently serves as the President of the Great Rivers ESC Board of

Directors and Superintendent of the Clarendon-Holly Grove School

District.
Mr. Vent is a strong testament to the vision, compassion, and

resilience demonstrated by thousands of Arkansas educators.
Mr. Vent's love for learning began in a three-room schoolhouse, which

had no indoor plumbing.
He has spent most of his educational career in

schools along the Mississippi Delta, or what he calls ``the pure

Delta.''
He has dedicated his life to selflessly serving the community,

and ensuring students are prepared for a promising and successful

future.
Mr. Vent embodies the very best of American educators,

fostering a knowledgeable, collaborative, curious, and innovative

learning environment for all.
Mr. Vent's continued efforts are well-recognized through his strength

in personal and organizational communication and constant improvement

of administrative knowledge and skills.
His deep commitment to

transforming our community through educational resources brings great

pride to our district.
It is my honor to congratulate Lee Vent on his recognition as a

Legacy Leader and for his decades of service.
I thank him for

preserving the legacy of learning.
I wish him continued success, and

may his actions continue to encourage others.