Mr. Hooper has also played a key role in

helping William Winans Middle School and Natchez Freshman Academy exit

School Improvement Status.
A God-fearing and family-oriented individual, Mr. Hooper is a proud

parent of a son and a daughter and remains very active in the Natchez

community.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Larry

Hooper for his outstanding service and achievements in the Natchez,

Claiborne, and Wilkinson County communities of Mississippi.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ST.
HELENA HIGH SCHOOL AGRICULTURAL PROGRAM

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

25th anniversary of the St. Helena High School Agricultural Program, an

esteemed organization of our Napa community.
This milestone reflects

decades of dedication, community support, and profound impact on

students' futures.
This program is more than just an educational

opportunity; it is a cornerstone of the community.
The Agriculture Program at St. Helena High School aims to shape young

minds, nurture responsible leaders, and prepare students for successful

careers in agriculture and beyond.
This program not only fosters

practical skills and knowledge but also instills values such as

stewardship, leadership, and community service in our students.
The St. Helena Agriculture Program has touched the lives of over

3,500+ students in the St. Helena community through positive

experiences in relevant, rigorous, and relationship driven coursework

and involvement in the National Future Farmers of America Organization.
These opportunities have been made possible by the financial backing of

the St. Helena Agriculture Booster Organization.
The Ag Boosters have supported state-of-the-art facilities

improvements, curriculum development and equipment, student travel,

student leadership conference participation, supervised agricultural

experience participation, and making sure that all students can take

advantage of what the Future Farmers of America and Agriculture

Education have to offer.
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting and proper that we honor the St. Helena

High School Agricultural Program on the 25th anniversary of their

founding.
Through their advocacy, leadership, and commitment to

excellence, they have become a cornerstone of our Napa County's

agricultural community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE OF REGINALD BERRY

HON.
TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Reginald

Adams Berry, a devoted husband and father.
A native of Washington,

D.C., Reginald remained in his hometown, building a loving family and

distinguished career as an architect.
Among his great accomplishments was his devotion to family--his wife,

Sonceria Ann Berry, and daughter, Elizabeth Ruth Berry.
A native of

Birmingham, Alabama in my district, Ann got her start in the Senate as

a staffer for U.S. Senator Howell Heflin in Alabama, rising through the

ranks to serve as the first Black

woman Secretary of the U.S. Senate from 2021 to 2025.
I know I speak

for all of us in expressing our gratitude to the Berry Family for

decades of service to their country and to their Congress.
We will

continue to keep Ann, Elizabeth, and their family in our prayers.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life of Reginald

Berry.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ANUSHA ARORA FOR SCIENTIFIC EXCELLENCE

HON.
SUZAN K. DelBENE

Ms. DelBENE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Anusha Arora

on being the Gold Medal recipient at the Washington State Science and

Engineering Fair for her project titled ``Smart Strings: A Novel Low-

Cost Multimodal System for Intelligent Sensory Feedback through

Artificial Intelligence.''
The Washington State Science and Engineering

Fair aims to advance the studies of STEM in grades 1-12 through the

State of Washington.
They work to provide opportunities for students to

display their projects and provide support and guidance for the

operation of science and engineering fairs throughout Washington State.