The sentencing review’s interim report describes the situation at the moment, and it is the first stage of that independent review’s addressing this long-standing issue.
Frankly, this is something that the Conservatives spent the last 14 years avoiding tackling.
That is—[Interruption.]
I will leave it there.
The House will have heard very starkly that the Minister did not offer me any clarity.
I can help him by telling him that there is not one word anywhere on the expectations of victims of crime and their families—[Interruption.]
Not one word.
Worse than that, it cherry-picks evidence from reports to support a narrative that an ill-informed public do not know what they want and do not understand.
Does the Minister agree that for that review to have any credibility whatsoever, it must engage seriously with what victims and the public want when it comes to the use of prison for the punishment of serious offenders?
We heard fully the commitment from the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , and the Lord Chancellor that victims are front and centre of our approach to fixing the mess that the Conservatives left us.
There is a victims representative on the panel, as the hon.
Member well knows.
Victims were fully involved and engaged in this.
I have sadly met too many victims in this role, and I have encouraged all of them to contribute to the report and committed to them that they will be fully involved in the implementation of the report.
Instead of carping from the sidelines trying to get cheap soundbites, it is about time the Conservatives rolled their sleeves up and tried to help us sort out their mess.
What steps her Department plans to take to reduce the backlog of domestic violence cases.
The judiciary prioritises cases involving vulnerable victims and witnesses, which includes those involving domestic abuse.
Most domestic abuse cases are heard in magistrates courts, where cases tend to  be heard more quickly.
As I have already stated, the Government have taken action to address the outstanding caseload in the Crown court, funding record levels of sitting days in the upcoming financial year.
The backlog in the court system harms efforts to instil confidence in women persisting with domestic violence charges against their abusers.
Violence against women and girls is a national scandal, and femicide is ongoing, with countless women losing their lives to male violence.
Sadly, my region of Merseyside is now the second highest region in the country for femicide.
Does the Department agree that any moves to fast-track cases via the criminal or civil courts to remove abusers from our streets must involve appropriately severe sentences, irrespective of the prison places crisis?