As the hon.
Member rightly says, prison officers do an outstanding job.
The work of the Prison Service is to make sure they are properly supported and protected in that role, and that is what is going on.
What steps she is taking to tackle backlogs in the courts.
The last Government left a mess in every single corner of our justice system—our criminal courts and our civil courts.
In the process, they let down not just victims of crime but businesses, employees, employers and children in care; every part of our system was left in a complete mess.
That is what we are sorting out, with record Crown court sitting days—a commitment of 110,000 sitting days—and running almost to a maximum across all jurisdictions to bring down the backlog.
We are sorting out the mess that we were left with.
I agree with the Minister’s assessment of the previous Conservative Government.
However, with more than 382,000 cases still in the backlog for magistrates, have the Government done an assessment of whether that will increase, given the doubled sentencing powers that have been passed down to those courts?
The magistrates court is being run in a sustainable way.
We extended the sentencing powers in order to free up capacity in the Crown court, and that has been sustainable, and we are increasing capacity in our magistracy by recruiting an additional 2,000 magistrates from diverse backgrounds every year.
But that is why we are looking at system reform, whether in the magistrates court or the Crown courts.
We are going to need once-in-a-generation reform, and when Sir Brian Leveson reports back, that is what we will get.
Shockingly, just 4% of rape and sexual offences reported to Derbyshire police in the last year resulted in a charge.
When offenders are not prosecuted, victims understandably lose faith in our justice system.
What steps has the Minister taken to reduce backlogs in Derbyshire courts so that justice can be served for these despicable crimes?
I am sorry to hear how long victims in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are waiting.
That is why we are taking urgent action to bear down on the Crown court backlog, not only by increasing sitting days this year, but by committing to record numbers of sitting days next year.
Of course that will not be sufficient to bring down the backlog and deliver swifter justice for victims, and that is why we need to hear from Sir Brian Leveson and implement reform in due course.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
This Government are funding a record 110,000 Crown court sitting days, which is 4,000 more  than the previous Government funded.
To bring down the backlog we must embrace reform, and that is why I have launched an independent review into the efficiency of the criminal courts, led by Sir Brian Leveson.
This Government will deliver swifter justice for victims.
In 2016, 120,000 cases were disposed of—concluded—in the Crown courts.
That figure was never achieved again by the Conservative party, and by 2022 the figure was 17% lower.
Conservative Members like to blame covid for everything, but there were problems in the system well before that.
There has been a systematic failure to modernise processes in our courts for years, as we on the Justice Committee hear far too often.
What more can we do to use technology to make our courts more efficient and, most importantly, ensure faster outcomes for victims?
My hon.
Friend is right to note the issue of falling disposals—in layman’s terms, the number of cases that are completed.
The rate of disposals has indeed fallen in recent years, which why I have asked Sir Brian Leveson, as part of his review, to consider how we improve the efficiency of our courts, including further technical or AI-related reform that might assist cases to move more quickly through the system.
We will need a three-pronged approach: more funding, which I have already delivered; once-in-a-generation reform, which Sir Brian Leveson is looking at; and going further and faster on productivity and efficiency in the system.
That is how we will get swifter justice for victims.
The backlog in our criminal justice system means that offenders in my constituency are free to commit crime while waiting for the judicial process.
I met Sussex police and residents last week and heard how the backlogs are making the already hard job of the police even harder, and residents’ lives a misery.
How does the Secretary of State plan on tackling those backlogs, which are leading to offenders roaming free and more crimes being committed?
We are already tackling those issues, and as soon I came into office I increased the number of sitting days by 2,500 on what I inherited from the previous Administration.
I have increased the sentencing powers of magistrates courts, and increased funding for legal aid.
Criminal legal aid underpins the whole system, and for the next financial year we are funding a record 110,000 Crown court sitting days.
That, combined with once-in-a-generation reform of the courts to deal with the demand coming into the system, and going further on productivity and efficiency, is how we will deal with the problems that the hon.
Member rightly notes.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Government inherited prisons on the point of collapse and a record and rising backlog in our courts.
Eight months into office, the work of restoring justice in this country is well under way.
Since the last Justice questions, I have announced record  investment in our courts, and next year Crown courts will sit for up to 110,000 days, which is the highest allocation in recorded history.
I have also announced vital reforms to the probation service, increasing its focus on medium and high-risk offenders, alongside recruiting 1,300 new probation officers.
I also visited Texas, where a tough and smart approach has reduced reoffending, cut crime to its lowest levels in the US since the 1960s, and brought its prison population under control.
There is much that we will learn from that law and order state, particularly how we get offenders to turn their backs on a life of crime.
Through our plan for change, the Government are delivering swifter justice, using punishment to cut crime, and making our streets safer.
On average, more than 130 people every week across the UK die from drug-related causes.
That is more than 6,500 families and homes devasted each year by that tragic loss of life, including more than 200 in Northern Ireland alone.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working with each of the devolved Administrations to prioritise prevention and review enforcement against the use of all illegal substances?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an incredibly important point.
Fixing the problems that he notes requires work by not just the Ministry of Justice, but the devolved Administrations and the Home Office.
I will ensure that he can engage with the relevant Ministers on the issues he raises.
Last year, assaults on prison staff were up by 19% and serious assaults were up by 22%, yet the pensionable age of prison officers is still 68—it is simply too late.
Can the Minister update the House on any discussions he may have had with officials regarding that industrial injustice and say when these loyal public servants might expect to see this long-standing issue corrected?
We recognise the unique and challenging role that prison officers play in protecting the public and reducing reoffending.
The Lord Chancellor has requested advice from officials on the pension age of prison officers, and we will continue to engage with trade unions as we work through this complex issue while considering the wider fiscal context.
I am meeting  the hon.
Member for Aberdeenshire North and Moray East (Seamus Logan)  to discuss this important issue next week, and I am very happy for my hon.
Friend to join that meeting if he wishes.