The independent sentencing review and the Justice Secretary have been taking inspiration from Texas when it comes to reforming our criminal justice system.
She might be aware that Texas has a dedicated set of domestic abuse aggravated offences to help protect and respect survivors.
Will she support me and Liberal Democrat colleagues in introducing proposals to the Crime and Policing Bill in order to make similar changes to the law in England and Wales?
I have not yet seen the hon.
Gentleman’s proposals, which may be on their way, but I will look at them carefully.
He will know that the picture is complex.
Even jurisdictions with a catch-all domestic abuse offence face issues ensuring that it keeps up with the type of behaviour that they are trying to stamp out, and that other offences do not fall off, so there are technical issues in how such law works in practice.
I would be happy to have further such conversations with him.
I know this matter is of great interest to him and to Members across the House.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle intimate image abuse.
We are determined to keep victims safe both offline and online.
In the Crime and Policing Bill, we have introduced offences to tackle the taking or recording of intimate images without consent, and in the Data (Use and Access)
Bill we are criminalising creating or asking someone to create deepfake intimate images without consent.
Together with existing offences on sharing intimate images, those measures give law enforcement a comprehensive package to tackle all aspects of that degrading and abusive behaviour.
I pay tribute to the Minister for the work being done.
Although that work is welcome, we need to direct our attention towards ensuring that police have the necessary technical tools to investigate reports.
Will she meet me to discuss what further action can be taken to address and prevent intimate image abuse in all our communities?
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend, but let me reassure him: we are launching within policing our national centre for violence against women and girls and public protection—that includes a £2 million funding settlement to target violence against women and girls better, including online—and in November, we launched our domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas to improve protection for victims of all kinds of domestic abuse, including online.
The police are also able to use stalking protection orders to protect victims of online abuse.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
This Government inherited a prison system on the verge of collapse.
Under the last Government, in 14 years only 500 prison places were produced.
Under the last Labour Government, there was a net increase of 27,830 prison places in 13 years.
We are redoubling our efforts to match that number.
The prison capacity crisis that this Government inherited has resulted in persistent offenders not feeling the deterrent effect of a custody option being realistically available.
Can the Minister tell us how this Government’s prison building plans will restore a level of deterrence to the system and ensure that capacity is available in time to remove active offenders from the streets?
Where they were blocking, we are building, building, building.
HMP Millsike, the UK’s first all-electric prison, will open in just a few weeks and deliver 1,500 places.
Just last week, the Prisons Minister  in the other place attended a groundbreaking at HMP Highpoint, and we have already secured full planning permission for a new prison in Leicestershire and outline planning permission for a new prison in Buckinghamshire.
We are getting on with the job.