The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to use technology to improve the efficiency of the criminal justice system.
This Government inherited an analogue justice system that has not kept pace with a digital world.
Technology can and must transform the justice system.
Since taking office, we have expanded the use of tagging; we are piloting new technology to automate manual work in the justice system; and I have launched a new unit, Justice AI, to further develop the use of artificial intelligence.
The recent announcement of 110,000 sitting days is welcome, but we need to use technology to streamline our justice system.
Between 2016 and 2022, we saw a 25% reduction in cases being concluded.
What plans do the Government have to use emerging new tech to enhance court processing, get faster justice for victims, and help manage offenders in the community, including through ankle tagging to enforce exclusion zones, and drug and alcohol testing?
My hon.
Friend raises an incredibly important point.
We need to make sure that the whole justice system, including what happens in our criminal courts, is as efficient as it can be.
That is why I have commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to conduct an independent review of the criminal courts.
He will consider how to improve the courts’ efficiency, and we will report on that later in the year.
There will be, I believe, a wider role for technology to play in tagging and monitoring of exclusion zones and curfews.
I want to make sure that the justice system is in the best possible position to make use of emerging technology, so that we can keep our country safe.
The Lord Chancellor will accept that the effective use of electronic tags will not only make the criminal justice system more efficient, but mitigate the need for expensive prison places.
Does she agree that two things are necessary for that effective use?
First, the tags must be technically reliable; secondly, officials in her Department must have  the commercial capacity to manage the contracts efficiently.
If she agrees, what can be done to improve both those things?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman raises two incredibly important points.
There will be a bigger role for current, new and emerging technologies in the future of our justice system, particularly in expanding the range of punishment available to us outside of prison.
I want to make sure that we are at the forefront of getting the best use of our current technology and emerging tech.
He is absolutely right about making sure that any commercial contracts are value for money and maintain public confidence.
I am ensuring that, across the Department, we have expertise available to us, which is why the new unit that I have set up, Justice AI, will be so crucial to our efforts.