For last week’s International Women’s Day, the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips)  read out the names of the 96 women who were killed in the last year.
I am always conscious of the loss of life, as I know the Minister is.
If domestic violence today is the violence against women and murder tomorrow, what can be done to support women and their children?
We are doing everything we can to support women and their children.
We have declared this a national emergency, and we have that ambition of targeting and halving violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
My personal ambition is that the names read out at this Dispatch Box next year are far fewer than the ones read out this year.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of trends in the level of illegal drug use in prisons.
This Government inherited prisons in crisis: overcrowded, violent and rife with drugs.
If we are to have regimes that reduce reoffending and cut crime, we have to crack down on drugs in prison.
To do so, we must address the supply of drugs, and prisons use a range of tactics, including X-ray body scanners and baggage scanners.
We must also tackle demand.
Over 80 of our prisons now have drug-free wings.
Before 2021, less than 1% of seized substances contained anabolic steroids.
In 2023, it was 10%, with anabolic steroids being the third most prevalent drug class detected in Scottish prisons.
Will the Lord Chancellor meet me and Dr Jayasena and Dr Grant, who are national leads on the topic from Imperial College, to look at conducting research into the impact of steroids on offending and the prison population?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for his long record of campaigning on this particular issue.
It is an important point, and I will ensure that he can meet the Prisons Minister and look at what further research might be needed in this area.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
The Government’s plan to support women offenders is clear and ambitious.
To reduce the number of women going to prison, our new women’s justice board will support the implementation of the plan.
This Government have taken immediate action to ensure that girls will never again be held in youth offender institutions following the publication last week of Susannah Hancock’s review into girls in the youth estate.
Self-harm in prisons is now at the highest rate ever recorded.
In women’s prisons, the rates are eight times higher than in men’s prisons—shockingly, one in three female prisoners has self-harmed.
Does my hon.
Friend share my deep concern about those figures, and what is the Department doing to tackle that issue effectively?
I certainly share my hon.
Friend’s deep concern about that issue, which she is right to raise.
Good relationships between staff and prisoners are essential in our efforts to identify and manage the risks of suicide and self-harm.
We are providing specialist support to establishments rolling out tailored investments, including specialised training for new officers, recruiting psychologists to support women, and piloting a compassion-focused therapy group designed for women.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of the independent sentencing review’s interim report, published on 18 February 2025.
I will not pre-empt the final report of the sentencing review, but let us remember the crisis that we are dealing with.
The previous Government ramped up sentences but added just 500 cells throughout the entire time they were in office.
Just today, we have heard examples of Members who do not want any prison building in their areas.
This Government will build 14,000 new prison places, but even that will not be enough to get us out of the mess left by the previous Administration.
That is why I have asked the independent sentencing review to recommend sentencing policies that will ensure that we never again run out of space.
The Government will consider alternatives to prison and early release, but how are the public to have any confidence whatsoever when the Government released prisoners early and left them to roam the streets for eight weeks before fixing tags?
As I said in answer to an earlier question, we are holding Serco to account, and we ensured that the tagging backlog from the changes to SDS40—standard determinate sentences—was cleared as quickly as possible.
We have levied financial penalties against that company.
We continue to monitor performance and will not hesitate to take further action if we need to.
Conservative Members have to wake up to the reality of their own track record in government: they failed to build the prison places that we needed to keep up with the sentences that they kept imposing, which has left us with an almighty mess to clear up.
We are getting on with the job.