The holy grail sought by all Governments, of whichever hue, is economic growth.
I therefore think it important for us to look through the lens of economic growth, and to think about whether the Bill drives it.
I recall from my time in Committee, where I spent many hours listening to the oratory of  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , that we spoke a great deal about productivity and whether it would be driven by the Bill.
I have spoken about the possible impact of the Bill to people in my community, including representatives of Enlightened HR and Alison Bennett, a human resources consultant, for whom its destination was very welcome.
Indeed, we have heard from many other people who have been consulted that the Bill’s destination and aspirations are correct and appropriate, but it is a question of how we get there and whether the Government have achieved the right balance between employers and employees.
That is important, because the last thing we want the Bill to do is have a chilling effect on the economy.
We are only too well aware that the national insurance contributions that are set to kick in next month are already having that negative impact, and we do not want this well-intended Bill to echo that further.
There are 250 amendments before us at this late stage of the legislation.
The Minister says that that is due to levels of consultation and so forth and should be welcomed, and that we are trimming our sails, but if that is the case, and if the Minister was in such listening mode in Committee, why did the Government accept no Opposition amendments whatsoever?
I should welcome some reflections from the Minister when he winds up the debate.
As a Liberal Democrat, and the Liberal Democrat spokesman for the Department for Work and Pensions, I can say that carers are at the front and centre of our world.
What is effectively the population of Portsmouth—200,000 people a year, or 600 a day—walk away from the employment market to take up caring occupations and, in many instances, support family members.
That has an £8 billion annual impact on our economy, which leaves us less productive.
I hope that the Government will give serious thought to our amendment to make leave for carers a paid opportunity, because giving them that flexibility and that breathing space would unlock more people for our employment market.
Our proposal to make caring a protected characteristic is extremely important.
We have already heard about harassment and discrimination in connection with other parts of the Bill, but this would help immensely to support carers.
Doubling the pay of those taking adoption leave is also important, as is support for people who take caring roles such as kinship care.
I hope that the Ministers will take those family roles into account.
I am afraid I do not have time, because I want to respond to the issues that the right hon.
Member for Belfast East raised.
The right hon.
Member rightly highlighted that a number of troubles-related cases have a cross-border dimension, including the Kingsmill murders, which are an appalling example of the pain and suffering inflicted on civilians during the troubles.
It is right to acknowledge that the implementation of truly holistic legacy mechanisms, which can provide families across the UK and Ireland with as much information as possible about the circumstances of their particular case, will require the co-operation of both the UK and Irish Governments to facilitate the disclosure of information held by authorities in both jurisdictions.
This Government consider the Irish Government to be an essential partner in the process of seeking a way forward on legacy issues that is human rights compliant and can command public confidence across communities.
Turning to the Omagh bombing inquiry, last month’s commemorative hearings were a painful reminder of the impact of cowardly terrorist actions on communities and families.
Victims do not need hearings, inquiries or commemorative days to know that; they live with it every day.
The Secretary of State has received political assurances from the Irish Government on their full co-operation with the UK inquiry.
That is important and should be welcomed.
The Irish Government are currently working at pace to determine how to facilitate  that in practice through a memorandum of understanding.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s comments in the Chamber today will not have gone unnoticed.
The details of those arrangements are ultimately a matter for the inquiry, which rightly is independent of the Government, but I agree with him that they should provide for the greatest possible level of co-operation from Irish authorities.
The Government look forward to seeing those details in due course.
In the meantime, our focus remains on ensuring that the UK inquiry that has been established can successfully fulfil its terms of reference.
I close by remembering all those who have been killed by cowardly terrorist acts.
I pay tribute to everyone who is carrying on—not getting over what happened, but getting on and working around the gap of the people they lost, or of their own life that they had before, despite the grief that can engulf them.
They are getting up every day when it is not getting easier, remembering people who should be here and are not.
They are not giving up on getting answers and justice for their relatives, families and friends.
In the memory of all who have died, we will keep taking action against terrorism and for peace and justice.
We will remember.
Question put and agreed to.
House adjourned.
Tuesday 12 March 2025 Division 114 (cols.
960-962) Add to the Noes:
Division 115 (cols.
964-966) Add to the Noes: Division 116 (cols.
968-970) Add to the Noes:
Division 117 (cols.
978-981) Add to the Noes: