The Government say that foreign national offenders make up 12% of the prison population.
Can the Secretary of State tell me when that number will be zero?
What I can tell the hon.
Gentleman is that this Government have made faster progress than the previous Government on the deportation of foreign national offenders from our prisons, with numbers that are over 20% higher than the same time last year, and we will keep moving forward.
A constituent of mine, aged just 21, tragically died after accessing pro-suicide online forums that not only encouraged self-harm, but advertised how to get lethal drugs and how to exploit loopholes that allowed this.
The substance used in her death can still be bought on Amazon today.
What steps will the Minister take to  close those loopholes for those who enable criminality and ensure that the law is actively keeping our young people safe?
I am sorry to hear about that tragic case in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Encouraging or assisting suicide is an offence under the Suicide Act 1961, and sending communications that encourage or assist serious self-harm is an offence under the Online Safety Act 2023, but we are going to tighten up the law to address the situation that my hon.
Friend has described.
Of course, this is about not just the law, but the enforcement of the law as well.
We all agree that the court backlogs must be cleared, as justice for victims is essential.
However, are the Government heeding the Law Society’s advice to not waste precious time and resources on an intermediate court, and what engagement have they had with the Law Society on that?
As the Lord Chancellor has said, our priority is delivering swifter justice for victims and bearing down on the Crown court backlog.
That is why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to consider all options, which have to include reclassification of offences and the intermediate court.
We have to have a whole-system reform, but I fear that if we were to exclude those options, we would not be gripping the problem.
A significant proportion of those who experience homelessness are ex-offenders.
I have previously raised concerns that the drive to alleviate the prison places crisis must not add to the homelessness emergency.
The Deputy Prime Minister is in the process of establishing an inter-ministerial group on tackling homelessness.
Will my right hon.
Friend’s Department play a full and active role in that inter-ministerial group, and ensure that Ministers and officials from the Ministry of Justice are adequately represented?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point, and the Ministry of Justice will play a full part in the inter-ministerial group.