This event reminds us of the risks and dangers faced by those who work in the maritime sector.
These men and women often work long, challenging hours, keeping our country and economy going with little—if any—recognition, and we are hugely grateful to them.
We are also indebted to the emergency services, the Royal National Lifeboat Institution and the coastguard for their tireless work through the night.
I know they are doing all they can to limit the damage and the environmental impact, and have done so much to minimise the loss of life.
While it will take time to establish what has taken place, it is clear that the Government need to take urgent steps to limit the damage and reassure local communities.
I welcome the Government’s formation of the tactical co-ordination group and the work it is doing with other agencies.
I appreciate that the situation is still unfolding and that many questions cannot be answered at this stage.
However, will the Minister say first what immediate steps the Government are taking to protect the environment along the east coast?
Secondly, what is he doing to keep   shipping routes open and safe?
Thirdly, what is the Government’s plan to support fishing and other businesses that rely on waters that might now be contaminated?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in paying tribute to maritime workers.
Just as they kept us fed, fuelled and supplied all the way through covid, they keep our nation fed, fuelled and supplied every day of every week.
I cannot commend them highly enough.
I also join with him in paying tribute to the emergency services.
This is difficult, hard work and they are doing an exceptional job in the circumstances.
As I have said, the MCA is standing by with marine and aerial counter-pollution measures in place.
Once we get the fire on the Solong out, we will begin to assess the situation and deploy them.
It is vital that we keep shipping lanes in the Humber estuary open as best we can as this continues, which is why we have placed a 1,000-metre exclusion zone around both ships.
Outside that, maritime vessels can operate normally—as normally as is possible in this circumstance.