indicated dissent.
Is he not?
I will welcome engagement with him, though, and his scrutiny as the legislation progresses through the House.
The Government are increasing penalties for illegal sales of knives, and are funding a new online police co-ordination hub, which will take action against illegal knife and weapon content online.
We also intend to consult later this year on the registration scheme for the online selling of knives.
A lot of work is being done in this space, and I look forward to engaging with him further on it.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
First, I want to acknowledge something horrific that happened in my constituency over the weekend.
In Talbot Green, my constituent Joanne Penney was tragically shot and killed on Sunday night.
I pay tribute to the police, who took swift action, and my thoughts are of course with the victim, her friends and her family.
She will be mourned by our whole community.
Her loss has been deeply felt.
The Government have made an unprecedented commitment to halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
That is underpinned by our new strategy, which will be published shortly.
We have introduced new offences of creating deepfake intimate images and taking intimate images without consent.
We have also launched a new domestic abuse protection order in selected areas, including in Cleveland just last week, and we are determined to do more.
I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House are with the Minister’s constituent Joanne, and I am sorry for that loss.
The scale of violence against women and girls in my constituency of Leeds North West and across the country is intolerable.
Our manifesto commitment to halve violence against women and girls by the end of the decade, which the Minister mentioned, is much needed and ambitious.
How will her Department contribute to delivering this critical commitment?
Specifically, what steps does her Department plan to take to reduce the backlog of domestic violence cases, and to support victims of domestic abuse?
The Government are determined to meet our ambitious target of halving violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
I proudly co-chair our cross-Government working group with the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , to look at how we can bring every Government Department to the table.
This issue is not just for the Ministry of Justice or Home Office to tackle; the onus is on all of us—every Department and all of society—to do better if we are to reach the target.
We have funded a record number of Crown court sitting days to hit the backlog and tackle it head-on.
The majority of domestic abuse cases are heard in the magistrates court, and we are determined to do more to reach vulnerable victims.
May I thank the Minister for her answer, and also extend my thoughts to Joanne’s family and friends?
In recent years, women and girls have increasingly expressed distrust in the ability of the justice system to resolve cases of violence and sexual harassment, as so few of those events result in prosecution.
What steps is the Minister taking to restore trust in the justice system, so that my constituents in Erewash know that they have somewhere to turn when they are targeted by such hate crimes?
As part of this Government’s safer streets mission, we have committed to improving confidence in the police and the criminal justice system.
We will introduce specialist rape and sexual offence teams in every police force, as well as domestic abuse experts in 999 control rooms.
We will also give victims of adult rape access to an independent legal adviser to help them understand and uphold their rights from day one.
I want every victim, whether in Erewash or in Pontypridd, to know that they are heard, and that this Government support them.
May I associate myself with colleagues’ comments about the tragic events in the Minister’s constituency?
Back in 2021, a young woman in my constituency was the victim of an alleged assault.
Even now, in 2025, she advises that there has been no trial, and she worries that she could run into the accused around town.
What can be done to expedite such cases in which violence is alleged, to better protect our citizens and ensure that our streets are safe from crime?
The Government are committed to bearing down on the caseload and bringing waiting times down for victims.
Since July, we have put more funding into Crown courts, so that they will have their greatest capacity ever, and we have doubled magistrates’ sentencing powers to free up time for the Crown courts, so that they can hear the most serious cases.
We have also commissioned Sir Brian Leveson to recommend once-in-a-generation reforms to our criminal courts, and we look forward to receiving his report in the spring.
I recently met a distressed constituent who escaped a very abusive marriage, only for the courts to order a financial settlement that allows her ex-husband to still exert financial control over her.
I was shocked to discover that the financial remedies court relies on outdated legislation—the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973, which does not allow domestic abuse to be taken into consideration in a settlement.
What consideration has the Minister given to the Law Commission’s recent scoping report on the issue, which recommends significant reform?
This Government are determined to tackle all forms of abuse, including financial abuse.
I am aware of the report that the hon.
Lady mentions.
We are considering the findings closely, and will report back soon.
I went to visit a lady in Ashfield who had been beaten black and blue and then locked in a cupboard by her boyfriend.
He was arrested and she made a statement, but because of his controlling behaviour in the relationship—he was in  control of the finances and was also her employer—she had him back.
When she finally had the courage to kick him out, the police would not prosecute the man.
What can this Government do to ensure that women who are victims of these animals can go to the police at any time, even when their partner has gone?
I apologise for the horrific circumstances that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent found herself in; that is intolerable, and no victim in our country—no woman or girl—should ever feel that way.
If he wants to write to me with the specifics of the case, I will gladly look into it more closely.
This Government are determined to restore faith and justice in the criminal justice system as a whole: in policing, our courts, our probation service—every element of it, from the bottom up and the top down.
I look forward to hearing more from the hon.
Gentleman on that case.
The impact of Crown court delays on victims, victims’ services and the wider criminal justice system is troubling to many.
One of many affected Wokingham residents is a survivor of domestic violence and sexual assault that began three decades ago.
She has had numerous court hearings adjourned.
Will the Minister tell my constituents how these injustices will be ended?
This Government inherited a justice system in crisis, with record Crown court caseloads that continue to rise.
That has had an impact on far too many victims, including the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
Since July, we have put more funding into Crown courts, so that they will have their greatest capacity ever, and we have doubled magistrates’ sentencing powers, so that Crown courts can focus specifically on serious crimes.
We are committed to bearing down on that caseload and bringing waiting times down, while also protecting victims’ funding and introducing domestic abuse protection orders to protect victims in pilot areas.