The Minister made reference to the drift of the Solong and the risk of it running aground without intervention.
Can he update the House on the steps that will be taken to ensure that that does not happen?
I understand that the marine accident investigation branch has begun a preliminary investigation into the emergency, and I am pleased that the Minister is working closely with the Maritime and Coastguard Agency as it conducts an assessment on the counter-pollution response that may be required over the coming days.
However, I seek assurances that the Government will engage closely with local communities, who will be concerned about the impact of the collision on their environment.
The incident involves multiple Departments spanning emergency response, environmental protection, maritime safety, defence and chemical transport regulation, and effective cross-Government co-ordination is therefore crucial.
Will the Minister assure the House that such co-ordination is taking place and that Parliament will receive regular updates?
It is, of course, too early to draw significant conclusions at this stage, but it is clear that something went terribly wrong in the handling of these two vessels.
We will support the Minister in whatever action is needed to ensure the highest standards of safety on the high seas.
The shadow Minister is exactly right: something did go terribly wrong.
My thoughts and prayers are with the missing sailor’s family.
The company has been informed, and his next of kin are being informed.
In response to the series of questions the shadow Minister asked, we know for sure that the Immaculate was carrying 220,000 barrels of Jet A-1 fuel, but we are yet to establish the cargo of the Solong; as soon as I know, I will make that information available to the House.
We will do everything to recover the body of the mariner.
In a recent debate on emergency response services, we heard that though lives are lost at sea, some succour and comfort is given by the rescue services, who often bring people’s loved ones back to them for a proper funeral and burial.
Whether there was foul play is, I think, speculation; there is no evidence to suggest that at the moment.
Through the MCA, we are in contact with our American and Portuguese counterparts and have liaised with them.
On the counter-pollution measures that the shadow Minister mentioned, the MCA is standing by with marine and aerial counter-pollution measures, which it will use at the necessary time.
However, the immediate concern is to put out the fire on the Solong.
The shadow Minister mentioned the issue of drift.
The Immaculate remains anchored, so we are safe there; it is the Solong that is drifting at 2 nautical miles per hour.
It is currently being shadowed by two tugboats, and the order will be given by SOSREP or the MCA to intervene as and when necessary to protect life onshore.
The shadow Minister is right about the marine accident investigation branch.
We have deployed those assets to the scene.
They are currently working with the local resilience forum, and I want to pass on my thanks to the Humberside resilience forum at this time.
I can assure him that Government agencies are working together effectively and have been giving Ministers and the Secretary of State regular updates through situation reports as the night went on and the day continues.