When someone enters this country illegally from another country to which we are not allowed to deport them, and when they have previously expressed support for terrorism and terrorist organisations, but not in this jurisdiction, is the Secretary of State content that the Government have enough powers to protect the community from such a person walking free in our society?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important point.
I am discussing with the Home Secretary the full range of powers that we need to have at our disposal, and she has already made it clear that we will not hesitate to act further if we need to.
However, it is important that we are able to deport offenders who pose a risk to our country.
Last week, at a Justice Committee hearing, it was confirmed that an effective probation service is essential to the rehabilitation of offenders and to prevent reoffending.
However, over the years the service has been under immense strain owing to increased demand.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that probation officers have manageable caseloads, and that support is provided for their mental health and wellbeing to avoid high levels of stress and burnout, and also to help with the recruitment and retention of staff?
Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the probation service.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the chaotic running of the service under the last Government.
We are actively monitoring the effectiveness of the probation reset policy and assessing its impact on workload capacity, the time saved, and the increased focus on individuals posing the highest risk to public safety.
We recognise the significant pressure that probation officers have been under, which is why comprehensive wellbeing support models have been put in place across our services, including dedicated wellbeing leads for both prison and probation services.
What work is the Secretary of State doing with the Victims’ Commissioner to ensure that the families of British citizens who are murdered abroad have the same rights as the families of homicide victims in the United Kingdom?
I regularly meet both the Victims’ Commissioner for England and Wales and the London Victims’ Commissioner to consider all issues affecting victims and their families.
We are strengthening the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner through legislation, we will be strengthening the victims code, and we will of course consider any other measures that are needed to protect victims and their families wherever they may be.
On several occasions I have met my constituent Beverley, whose son suffered a horrific murder.
He was stabbed more than 140 times.
She has been desperately attempting to get hold of the court transcripts, but to no avail.
Will Ministers please meet me to help this still grieving mum?
I am really horrified to hear of that case.
Of course, as I mentioned earlier, the transcript of sentencing remarks should have been made available free of charge, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss how transcripts of trials more broadly can be made available.
On Radio 4’s “Today” programme last week, Matthew Ryder KC, who sits as a judge, praised the extreme helpfulness of pre-sentencing reports for passing effective sentences.
Will the Secretary of State do as he asks and endorse the importance, value and independence of the Sentencing Council?
We all agree across the House, I hope, that pre-sentencing reports play a vital role in ensuring that whoever is passing a sentence has all the relevant facts at their disposal.
I do not believe that access to such reports, or whether a sentencer asks for them, should be dictated by race or ethnic background.
They should be made available, and I would like to see more use of pre-sentencing reports across the board for every type of offender.
Manchester Metropolitan University estimates that over 1,000 people are convicted under joint enterprise each year, costing the taxpayer £1.2 billion.
Does the Minister agree that we need to amend the law on joint enterprise to free up spaces in our prisons?
The law on joint enterprise has already developed somewhat since the previous Court of Appeal decision.
I know that the Director of Public Prosecutions is keeping under review how prosecuting decisions are made.
At this point we have no plans to go further, but I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend can meet the relevant Minister.
Across the United Kingdom, inquests are defined as being for the purpose of finding out who the deceased was, and how, when and where they died; they are not trials and they are not about assigning blame, even when they are extended into article 2 investigations.
Yet in Northern Ireland we have had findings of blame in respect of SAS soldiers killing active terrorists.
Does the Minister agree that the Crime and Policing Bill affords an opportunity, through suitable amendment, to bring uniformity to the operation of inquests across the United Kingdom?
The hon.
and learned Gentleman is right to confirm that an inquest should be an inquisitorial process.
It should not be adversarial either.
I will raise the issue that he has mentioned with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, but what is deemed to be in scope of legislation is a matter for the House authorities and the Leader of the House.
Prison maintenance privatisation has been a complete and utter disaster.
When will it be taken back in-house?
We are investing approximately £500 million over two years in prison and probation service maintenance to improve conditions across our estate, but it is fair to say we have inherited a system in serious need of repair.
The estimated cost of bringing the prison estate to a fair condition and maintaining it till the end of the decade is £2.8 billion.
The programme is now under way, and we hope that we will make as much progress as possible.
rose— If Members keep standing, it makes it easier for me.
One of the key objectives of the Sentencing Council is to ensure that there is parity of sentence up and down the country.
It is a known fact that people from ethnic minorities sometimes get tougher custodial sentences than their white counterparts for similar offences.
Given that, does the Lord Chancellor regret her attempt to discredit the considered and evidence-based conclusions of some of the most esteemed members of our judiciary when they published the guidelines on pre-sentencing reports?
What I am shocked about is that we can see a disparity in the overall cohort sentencing outcomes.
Everybody accepts that we are not quite sure why it is happening, and there has not been sufficient curiosity over the last few years to work out why that is the case.
My view is that if we can see a problem or think we have one, we need to get to the bottom of what is actually going on before we start coming up with broad policy solutions to fix that problem.
I also think that some of these broad policy decisions are better made by Ministers, because we are directly elected individuals who will pay the price for the consequences of our choices.
That is a conversation that I will pick up with the Sentencing Council when we meet later this week.
In 2020, Lorraine Cox was brutally murdered in Exeter.
Her murderer dismembered her body, and as a result her family have never been able to fully lay Lorraine to rest.
Her father, Tony Cox, has been campaigning for the implementation of Helen’s law 2, meaning that desecrating or concealing a body would become a separate criminal offence.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss whether the implementation of Helen’s law 2 is possible?
I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
What are this Government doing to crack down on unqualified people representing themselves as solicitors?
As the hon.
Member well knows, the solicitors profession is highly regulated.
We have the Solicitors Regulation Authority, which itself is regulated by the Legal Services Board.
All our professionals, whether they are practising in criminal or civil law, are highly respected and highly regulated, and we are indebted to them.
I was shocked to read the Sentencing Council’s response to the Secretary of State last night, with its arrogant tone.
As she has said, this Parliament is sovereign, and the fact is that we have given too much power away to these unelected bodies in recent years.
Can I reassure her of my support, and can she reassure me that she will not rest until we retain equality before the law?