Yesterday, the Sentencing Council issued a letter correcting the Justice Secretary.
It made it clear that the new sentencing guidelines were not the same as the draft guidance under the last Government and explained that her Department supported the new two-tier guidance—her representative was at the meeting—and it was approved on  24 January .
Her officials were even given a walkthrough on  3 March —a dummy’s guide to two-tier justice.
After I brought that to her attention last Wednesday, her team briefed the  papers that she was “incandescent”.
Was she incandescent at her officials or at her own failure to read her papers and do her job properly?
The shadow Lord Chancellor’s amnesia continues, because he clearly has not done his homework; he has forgotten that his Government were consulted extensively on this guidance.
It also appears that he cannot read, because the letter states very clearly all the consultation that took place under his Government.
It shows that they were consulted numerous times on the new guidance and welcomed it—I notice that he did not refer to that.
He knows full well that the change he refers to is a minor change, because the reference to race, ethnicity and cultural backgrounds has been retained in the time his Government seeing it and the changes that occurred, so he cannot hide behind that.
The last few days have therefore been an expert lesson from the right hon.
Gentleman: he has taught us all how to throw the shadow Transport Secretary under a bus.
As a lawyer herself, I would have thought that the Justice Secretary would know the difference between the last set of guidance and the new one.
I say “as a lawyer,” but in this Cabinet we never really know who is a real lawyer and who is just pretending to be one.
In 21 days’ time, by the Justice Secretary’s own admission, we will have two-tier justice.
Her plan to fix that will not come into effect for a year, and that is unacceptable.
As she has been too lazy to do her job, I will do it for her.
Today I am presenting a Bill to block these two-tier sentencing guidelines and fix her mess; it is here and ready to go.
Will she support it?
Will she stand with us on the Conservative Benches for equality under the law, or will it be two-tier justice with her and two-tier Keir?
The whole House can see that the only pretence at a job is the one that the shadow Lord Chancellor is making, because he is pretending to be the Leader of the Opposition.
We all know exactly what he is about.
My reaction to what has happened in relation to the Sentencing Council’s guidelines was very clear when I made the oral statement last week in this House: we will never stand for a two-tier approach to sentencing.
I am actually getting on with fixing the problem, rather than looking for a bandwagon to jump on, which is why I have already written to the Sentencing Council.
I will be meeting it later this week, and I have made it very clear that I will consider its role and its powers.
If I need to legislate, I will do so, but I will ensure that whatever changes I bring forward are workable and deliver the fair justice system that we all need and deserve—one that his Government did not deliver.
The principle of equality before the law is integral to our justice system, but the new guidelines from the Sentencing Council—which were welcomed by the previous Government—have put that principle at risk.
Does the Lord Chancellor agree that Conservative Members have a lot of explaining to do?
I notice that in all his references to letters, the shadow Lord Chancellor did not refer to the letter from the previous sentencing Minister, now the shadow Transport Secretary, who welcomed those  guidelines.
He knows full well that that was a reference to the guidelines around race, ethnicity and cultural background.
The Government’s statistics on women in the criminal justice system show that women are more often prosecuted for much more minor offences and suffer from short prison sentences, which have huge social and emotional effects on their children and increase their likelihood of being taken into care.
What steps is the Department taking to continue delivering the female offender strategy delivery plan for 2022 to 2025 and to reach beyond it, thinking about the negative impacts on the children of offenders?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
That is why I set up the Women’s Justice Board specifically to make recommendations—I believe that these are policy choices that are properly made by directly elected politicians.
We will make progress on the situation of women in our prisons, particularly those who are mothers, because we know that the harm passes down generations, and we are determined to stop it.
Victims of rape have been consistently failed by our justice system.
Under the Tories, 60% of victims dropped out of their cases due to long waiting times, and in my own area of Bournemouth, the charging rate is only 5.8%.
Given the outrage we have heard from Conservative Members about the court backlog and the state of our system, which was left to us by their own Government, can the Lord Chancellor please tell us what we are doing to fix the problem and put victims first?