On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I start by associating myself with the comments made at the beginning in relation to Joanne.
So many victims and survivors rely on the victim contact scheme to know when their abuser is being released from prison or moved to an open prison and to have input into the kind of conditions that should exist when they are released.
However, the system that we have inherited from the last Government is such that only survivors whose abusers have been convicted for more than 12 months qualify for the scheme.
In the upcoming Victims, Courts and Public Protection Bill, will the Minister commit to scrapping that threshold so that all victims and survivors can qualify for the scheme?
We are looking carefully at the victim notification scheme as part of any forthcoming legislation, to ensure that victims’ rights are taken into full consideration and that victims are aware of the situation if that is deemed appropriate.
I look forward to working with them closely, and I have no doubts about how we should develop the best and strongest possible laws to support the victims of all crimes in our country.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of ensuring that all prison leavers receive resettlement support from mentors.
The Ministry of Justice recognises the benefits of mentoring in resettlement and is currently reviewing our approach to peer mentoring to make sure it is consistent and effective.
There are many excellent organisations delivering a range of peer-led rehabilitation support, including Ingeus, Wizer and the Wise Group.
At my surgery a couple of weeks ago, I had two fantastic volunteers show up from Sutton Night Watch, a local homeless charity.
They had been working with prisoners, both before and after they left their cells, to help them reintegrate into the community.
They are doing fantastic work, but they now need to expand.
They need more space and more people.
Can the Minister explain what support is available to volunteers like them to help them to do their work with prisoners?
I applaud the work that the hon.
Member describes.
It is certainly the sort of work that needs to continue.
Overall, the levels of homelessness and rough sleeping that we have inherited are far too high.
We are working closely with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to develop a long-term strategy to put us back on track to end homelessness.
If he wishes to write to me about that particular case, I will follow it up.