Under the Justice Secretary’s leadership, her Department let out dozens of dangerous prisoners by mistake last year.
Now we have uncovered that criminals who were let out early by her Department were not monitored for up to eight weeks, as they were not fitted with electronic tags.
It is another glaring error.
Will the Justice Secretary clear up some confusion?
How many criminals did her Department fail to tag?
Were any offences committed while these criminals went unmonitored, and who has been held accountable for this gross incompetence?
I am really concerned for the health of the shadow Justice Secretary, because he appears to have amnesia; he has forgotten who was in government just a few short months ago.
He appears to have entirely forgotten that it was the previous Government who let the tagging contract to Serco, which I have inherited.
I have made it clear that the delays that we have seen are totally unacceptable.
Although the backlog has been significantly reduced, Serco’s performance is still not good enough, and although last year’s backlog of outstanding visits has been substantially reduced—it is down to normal levels—I will continue to hold it to account and will not hesitate to impose further financial penalties where necessary.
We can all see that the Justice Secretary had no answers to my questions.
If her Department cannot even tag prisoners properly, why should the public have any confidence in her plan to use tags in place of short prison sentences?
The threshold for a prison sentence is already high.
Often, criminals have committed multiple offences before they are first considered for prison, which is why scrapping short sentences will endanger the public and will serve as a green light for criminality.
Will the Justice Secretary take this opportunity to reassure the public and rule out reducing sentences for burglary, theft or shoplifting?
It is a simple question—yes or no?
The public will know that when the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government left office, prisons were on the point of collapse.
They can have confidence that this Government will fix the mess that his party left behind.
We will ensure that prison places are always available for everyone who needs to be locked up to keep the public safe.
We will expand the range of  punishment outside prison and, crucially, we will ensure that those who enter the prison system can be helped to turn their back on crime.
That is the best strategy for cutting crime, and one that his party never chose.
Whether she plans to release land owned by her Department at Springhill Road to the Springhill Road Residents Association.
As the hon.
Member will know from his meeting with the Minster for Prisons in the other place, currently there are no plans to release land at Springhill Road.
The Ministry of Justice is working closely with local representatives to ensure that we bring benefits to the local community as part of the new prison build.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer, and for the Prisons Minister’s time last summer.
Notwithstanding our local opposition to a new prison, it is an absurdity that has been going on for years that the MOJ owns the greens, the lampposts and the public lighting on the Springhill Road estate adjacent to HMP Spring Hill, even though they are of no use to the MOJ and there is no benefit to the prison estate.
The residents’ association is willing to take those greens and care for them, so that kids can play on them and residents can use them.
Will the Minister look again at getting the land transferred, because it is of no benefit to him or his Department?
Under the last Government, only 500 prison places were created.
By contrast, the last Labour Government delivered 27,830.
The Lord Chancellor has set out her ambition to deliver 14,000 new places by 2031.
Almost 1,500 of those will be provided by the new prison in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
If he writes to me about the specific concerns of the residents’ association, I will be happy to respond.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to help prevent defendants absconding before their trial.
The decision to remand or bail an individual is solely a matter for the independent judiciary.
Courts are required to considered the likelihood of absconding as part of that decision.
The courts have the power to impose a broad range of robust bail conditions in the bail package, including electronic monitoring, exclusion zones and curfews.
This Government are committed to ensuring that criminals face justice and victims have peace of mind and closure.
After the conviction of eight men for a string of horrendous child rapes in my constituency, I would like to be able to inform the Secretary of State that all those men were now serving their just punishment.
However, two of them absconded from their trial and  are believed to be abroad.
Their exact whereabouts are an open secret in Keighley.
It is a shocking failure of the justice system that those men are still walking free.
Does the Minister agree that if a dual or foreign national is charged with disgusting child rape crimes, courts should be required to put terms on their bail that prevent them from leaving the country during their trial, so that they cannot walk free after their horrendous, heinous crimes?
I understand that the case to which the hon.
Gentleman refers took place under the last Government, and the men he referred to were tried in absentia.
The Home Secretary set out the steps that the Government are taking to tackle the terrible crimes of child sexual exploitation and abuse, including group-based child sexual exploitation.
Through the Crime and Policing Bill, we are legislating to make grooming an aggravating factor in the sentencing of child sexual offences, to ensure that it is properly reflected in the sentencing of perpetrators.
What steps she is taking to reduce the cost of court transcripts for victims.
The Government recognise just how important accessing transcripts can be for certain victims.
That is why transcripts of sentencing remarks are available free of charge to the families of victims of fatal road offences, murder and manslaughter.
It is also why this Government are running a one-year pilot that offers free sentencing remarks to victims of rape and sexual offences.
That is due to conclude in May.
We are also looking in the round at how we lower the cost of obtaining a court transcript through increased use of technology.
The previous Government launched a pilot scheme to provide free sentencing remarks to victims of sexual violence.
However, thousands of eligible survivors only found out about it months after it started.
Poor communication meant that victims missed out on the opportunity for some closure.
Will the Justice Secretary confirm whether the pilot has been properly evaluated, whether its findings will be made public, and what steps will be taken to improve awareness and accessibility for those who need to use the scheme?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right that initially there was not enough uptake.
The Government acted to drum up awareness of the scheme precisely because we want to test its effectiveness for victims of rape and serious sexual offences.
I reassure her that application numbers are up.
We are conducting the evaluation, and once we have the results, we will be able to test whether we can implement the scheme in the future.
What steps her Department is taking to help support victims of knife crime through the criminal justice system.
The Ministry of Justice provides funding for victim support services to help victims recover from the impact of crime, including knife crime.
The Government have committed to the creation of a new programme, Young Futures, which will offer support to children who are at risk of being drawn into crime in a more systemic way.
Does the Minister agree that the support she has outlined for the victims of knife  crime will continue to be essential in our justice system, and that it is essential to work alongside devolved Administrations to raise awareness of the tragic  impact of knife crime on communities across the UK?
Communities in Glenrothes and Mid Fife feel particularly strongly about knife crime, and about the sale of knives online, following deeply concerning knife offences involving young people.