This is a fast-moving situation, so let me set out the facts as I currently have them.
At 9.47 am on  Monday 10 March , the vessel MV Solong, sailing under the flag of Madeira, collided in the North sea with the anchored vessel MV Stena Immaculate, a fuel tanker sailing under the flag of the United States and operated by the US navy.
The collision occurred approximately 13 nautical miles off the coast.
Fire immediately broke out on both vessels and, after initial firefighting attempts were overwhelmed by the size and nature of the fire, both crews abandoned ship.
Firefighting and search and rescue operations, co-ordinated by His Majesty’s Coastguard, continued throughout the day yesterday, pausing in the evening once darkness fell.
Firefighting activity restarted this morning and I am pleased to say the fire on the Stena Immaculate appears to be extinguished, but the Solong continues to burn.
Although they became attached to each other during the collision, the Solong broke free of the Stena Immaculate late last night and began drifting southwards.
Modelling suggests that, should the Solong remain afloat, it will remain clear of land for the next few hours.
The assessment of HM Coastguard is, however, that it is unlikely the vessel will remain afloat.
Tugboats are in the vicinity to ensure that the Solong remains away from the coast and to respond as the situation develops.
I want to be clear that, while 1,000-metre temporary exclusion zones have been established around both vessels, maritime traffic through the Humber estuary is continuing.
The full crew of 23 on the MV Stena Immaculate are accounted for and on shore.
One sailor was treated at the scene, but declined any further medical assistance.
Thirteen of the 14 sailors of the MV Solong are accounted for.
Search and rescue operations for the missing sailor continued throughout yesterday, but were called off yesterday evening at the point at which the chances of their survival had unfortunately significantly diminished.
Our working assumption is, very sadly, that the sailor is deceased.
The coastguard has informed the company, and it has been advised to inform the next of kin.
Our thoughts are with the sailor’s loved ones at this time.
Regarding the cargo on the vessels, the MV Stena was carrying 220,000 barrels of jet fuel, which was the source of the fire.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency is working at pace to determine exactly what cargo the Solong is carrying.
I am aware of media reporting about potential hazardous materials on board, but we are unable to confirm that at this time.
However, counter-pollution measures and assets are already in place, and both vessels are being closely monitored for structural integrity.
A tactical co-ordination group has been established through the Humber and Lincolnshire local resilience forum.
The marine accident investigation branch has deployed to the site and begun its investigation.
The MCA is rapidly developing a plan to salvage the vessels, once it is safe to do so.
The Department for Transport will continue working closely with the Cabinet Office, other Government agencies and the resilience forum on the response.
Colleagues across the House will appreciate that the situation is still unfolding as I speak.
I will try to answer questions from hon.
Members with as much detail as possible and with the latest information I have at my disposal.
I commend this statement to the House.