2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To receive a briefing on persecution to protection,

focusing on strategies to defend freedom of religion.
1324-LHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Interior.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine the AI industry's mass

ingestion of copyrighted works for AI training.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider S. 1555, to increase loan

limits for loans made to small manufacturers, S. 1199,

to extend the statute of limitations for fraud under

certain pandemic programs, and S. 2232, to expand the

surety bond program under the Small Business Investment

Act of 1958.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
JULY 17

9:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider S. 1038, to direct the

Attorney General to include a data field in the

National Missing and Unidentified Persons System to

indicate whether the last known location of a missing

person was confirmed or was suspected to have been on

Federal land, S. 1098, to amend the Omnibus Crime

Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to enhance the

Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program, S. 1528, to

amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to

ensure that businesses and organizations that work with

vulnerable populations are able to request background

checks for their contractors who work with those

populations, as well as for individuals that the

businesses or organizations license or certify to

provide care for those populations, the nominations of

Emil J. Bove III, of Pennsylvania, to be United States

Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Edward L. Artau,

to be United States District Judge for the Southern

District of Florida, Kyle Christopher Dudek, Anne-Leigh

Gaylord Moe, and Jordan Emery Pratt, each to be United

States District Judge for the Middle District of

Florida, and Kurt Alme, to be United States Attorney

for the District of Montana, for the term of four

years, Nicholas Chase, to be United States Attorney for

the District of North Dakota for the term of four

years, Lesley Murphy, to be United States Attorney for

the District of Nebraska for the term of four years,

Jeanine Pirro, of New York, to be United States

Attorney for the District of Columbia for the term of

four years, Daniel Rosen, of Florida, to be United

States Attorney for the District of Minnesota for the

term of four years, Erik Siebert, to be United States

Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia for the

term of four years, and Kurt Wall, to be United States

Attorney for the Middle District of Louisiana for the

term of four years, all of the Department of Justice.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Business meeting to markup H.R. 3944, making

appropriations for military construction, the

Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies

for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2026.
10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine freedom to work, focusing on

unlocking benefits for independent workers.
CANCELLATIONS

JULY 16

3:30 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine aging with purpose, focusing

on the positive impact of seniors in today's economy.
POSTPONEMENTS

JULY 17

8:45 a.m.

Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Chemical Safety, Waste Management,

Environmental Justice, and Regulatory Oversight

To hold hearings to examine the beneficial use and

regulation of chemicals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SPECIAL RECOGNITION OF COLDWATER HIGH SCHOOL'S GIRLS 4X400 METER RELAY

TEAM FOR WINNING THE DIVISION III STATE TRACK AND FIELD TITLE

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.