Heather's intelligence, integrity, and tireless work ethic have

guided our legislative efforts with purpose and precision.
Whether

navigating the complexities of committee work, building coalitions

across the aisle, or championing the priorities of our constituents,

Heather has brought both strategic insight and deep compassion to every

task.
Perhaps Heather's most important contribution to the people of North

Carolina's Eleventh Congressional District was after September 27,

2024, when Hurricane Helene made landfall in the peaceful and serene

mountains of Western North Carolina.
Without ever being asked, Heather

took the initiative and went into overdrive, working tirelessly for

several consecutive weeks, night and day, with no days off, to bring

hope, resources, and lifesaving assistance to tens of thousands of

victims affected by this once-in-a-millennium weather event.
Each day

for several weeks, Heather authored and distributed vital emails to a

devastated population to help them find food, water, shelter, locate

missing loved ones, and understand which roads were open for escape,

along with countless other pieces of helpful information for those

seeking rescue.
During this time, when I encouraged Heather to take a

few days away with her family for some planned time months earlier, her

response was, ``District Eleven needs me now,'' and she continued for

many weeks to absorb more and more of the recovery workload.
She

persisted for weeks, coordinating the efforts of FEMA,

telecommunications companies, utility companies, the U.S. Army Corps of

Engineers, the North Carolina Department of Transportation, the Federal

Highway Administration, local governments, our district team,

individual constituents, and an endless list of others.
Heather worked

quietly behind the scenes out of the public's eye, but was chiefly

responsible for the praise and accolades that my office received for

our response to this natural disaster.
Mr. Speaker, Heather Millett should always be recognized as a

Hurricane Helene Hero, and I am honored to share these words to honor

her unforgettable, lasting contribution and to express my deepest

appreciation for her service to the people of Western North Carolina.
As Legislative Director, Heather played a key role in shaping my

office's policy agenda and making sure that the voices of the people we

serve were heard in Congress.
Her expertise has made a meaningful and

lasting impact on many Americans, especially in areas she cares most

about, such as infrastructure projects, veterans' benefits and

healthcare, voter integrity, economic development, and reducing

regulations.
Heather provided the genius behind many essential pieces

of legislation, like the Equal Representation Act, the Promoting

Resilient Buildings Act, the Justice for America's Veterans and

Survivors Act, and many others.
In just two and a half years working

beside me, a new member of Congress, Heather has authored five pieces

of legislation that have now become law--five phenomenal

accomplishments, and I expect many other pieces of her work will soon

become law.
Another remarkable achievement of Heather's that leaves a

lasting mark on history is her skillful and masterful navigation of the

Congressional appropriations and grants processes to secure tens of

millions of dollars for essential infrastructure and needs for NC-11.
While the numerous buildings, dams, equipment, and other projects that

will improve and save the lives of the people I represent may never

bear her name, many of us will see them throughout our lives and know

Heather played a key role in securing them.
On behalf of all of us, I thank Heather for her leadership, her

loyalty, the example she has set, her steadfast service, and dedication

to my district, as well as her lasting impact on the Congress of the

United States.
We wish her all the best in her future endeavors and

hope she takes with her pride in a job extraordinarily well done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
YOLANDA AMADEO

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.