He has consistently inspired

and mentored his team, empowering them to achieve the highest levels of

performance and professionalism.
His genuine care for the well-being of

his personnel has created a strong and cohesive unit, dedicated to the

mission and each other.
Under Colonel Schmitt's command, Mission Delta 4 has achieved

numerous milestones and advancements, contributing significantly to the

defense of our Nation.
His expertise and strategic acumen have been

instrumental in navigating complex challenges and adapting to the

evolving landscape of space operations.
As Colonel Schmitt prepares to embark on his next assignment, I want

to express my deepest gratitude for his selfless service and unwavering

dedication.
His contributions to our Nation's security and to the state

of Colorado will have a lasting impact.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Colonel Ernest R.

``Bobby'' Schmitt for his outstanding leadership and service to our

Nation.
We wish him and his family all the best as they transition to

their next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CORPORAL GEORGE IVANOFF, USMC

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I'm honored to recognize Corporal (Cpl)

George Ivanoff, United States Marine Corps (USMC), on the auspicious

occasion of his 100th Birthday on July 24, 2025.
Cpl Ivanoff, born in Harrisburg in 1925, left Harrisburg Catholic

High School early to answer the call of duty to our Country by joining

the USMC in 1943.
He served with valor in the Pacific Theatre on the

islands of Peleliu and Okinawa, where he was twice awarded the Purple

Heart medal for wounds suffered in combat.
On the occasion when his

Corpsman was wounded, Cpl Ivanoff attempted nobly to evacuate him, but

both were struck by enemy mortar fire that ultimately killed his

Corpsman and forced his own medical evacuation.
Once healed from his wounds, Cpl Ivanoff rejoined his unit in the

pivotal battle of Okinawa, where he fought valiantly for 45 days.
While

advancing on the enemy position, incoming fire forced him to take cover

in an artillery shell hole.
Looking out to spot the enemy, he was shot

through the face.
Unconscious for a time, he woke to feel a gaping hole

in his face.
Confronted with the thought of imminent death, he prayed

to the Lord for forgiveness, and lost consciousness--seemingly for the

last time.
To his surprise, he regained consciousness again.
Spotting a

couple fellow Marines taking cover behind rocks from the same sniper

who had shot him, Cpl Ivanoff asked for a rifle, offering to risk his

life to take the sniper out; but they forced him away.
He was carried on a stretcher to the hospital tent where he fully

expected to die.
He was given Last Rites by the Company Chaplain and

left by himself.
Presumed dead by the doctors and nurses, he was not

tended to.
Eventually, one doctor said ``Hey, this guy is still

alive!''
Miraculously, after his wounds were addressed and he was

stabilized, he not only survived, but fully recovered.
Cpl Ivanoff returned home a hero.
He finished his education at

Harrisburg Catholic High School and began his civilian career at the

Post Office.
He became an accomplished amateur golfer, earning the 1968

Harrisburg Championship, and still golfs at 100 years young.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Citizens of the 10th Congressional

District and a grateful Nation, I'm honored, humbled, and privileged to

recognize United States Marine Corps Corporal George Ivanoff on his

100th Birthday.
I wish him continued great health, love, and happiness

in his future adventures, and continued Godspeed.
For his selfless,

honorable, and tireless service to our great United States of America,

``Thank You'' will never be enough.
He is the standard by which we all

should be judged.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JENNIE FREGOSO AND HER DISTINGUISHED MILITARY CAREER

HON.
JAY OBERNOLTE

Mr. OBERNOLTE.