He is the standard by which we all

should be judged.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JENNIE FREGOSO AND HER DISTINGUISHED MILITARY CAREER

HON.
JAY OBERNOLTE

Mr. OBERNOLTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Major Jennie Marie

Fregoso for her outstanding 25 years of service in the United States

Army.
From May 2000 to July 2025, Major Fregoso exemplified the Army's

core values of duty, honor, and selfless service, leaving a lasting

impact on every unit she served with.
Major Fregoso began her career as a Medical Logistics Specialist with

the 349th General Hospital and later served with distinction in the

349th Combat Support Hospital and the 349th Field Hospital.
Throughout

her career, she held key roles including Executive Officer, S1, S3, S8,

Projects Manager, and Conversion Coordinator.
Her versatility and

leadership were pivotal during the transformation of the 349th Combat

Support Hospital into the 349th Field Hospital and 380th Hospital

Center, and she was personally commended for her performance as Battle

Captain during CSTX.
During her 2004 to 2005 deployment in support of Operation Enduring

Freedom, Major Fregoso served at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center,

took part in a humanitarian mission in El Salvador, and led a cost-

saving initiative that saved the Army over $600,000.
She completed key

leadership courses and earned multiple awards, including the Army

Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, and the Humanitarian

Service Medal.
Major Jennie Marie Fregoso's service has strengthened the operational

readiness of the Army Reserve medical community and shaped the careers

of countless soldiers.
Her legacy is one of dedication, leadership, and

unwavering professionalism.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring

her exceptional career and in wishing her continued success and

fulfillment in retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MR.
ETHAN ALBRIGHT FOR HIS ACHIEVEMENT IN LOCAL AND

INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE FAIR

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate and recognize

Mr. Ethan Albright of Hempfield High School for his achievement of

third place in the `Material Science' category at the 2025 Regeneron

International Science and Engineering Fair, a competition including

1,700 students and representing over 60 countries.
Mr. Albright, a rising senior at Hempfield High School in Lancaster

County, was also the Division Champion at the 2025 North Museum Science

and Engineering Fair.
Mr. Albright is the first North Museum Science &

Engineering champion to win an award in international competition since

2017.
In both competitions, his project centered on experimenting with and

designing fully biodegradable fishing lures as an eco-friendly, cost-

effective replacement for plastic lures.
The worm-shaped lure, made

from a biopolymer recipe, could substitute for traditional soft plastic

lures which can break off hooks and sink to the bottom of waterways.
Mr. Albright cites his early memories of swimming and fishing on the

Susquehanna River with his father as the driving motivation for his

desire to keep our community's waterways clean and plastic-free.
I want to congratulate Mr. Albright on his achievement at the local

and international level, and to recognize the hard work, dedication,

and innovative spirit that went into his project.
As a fisherman

myself, I am grateful for Mr. Albright's contributions to solving the

pollution issue.
I wish him continued success in his studies and

pursuits.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MS.
ABBY LACHMAN FOR HER DEDICATED MEDICAL RESEARCH

ADVOCACY

HON.
JANELLE S. BYNUM

Ms. BYNUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

efforts made by one of my own constituents, Ms. Abby Lachman.
Ms.

Lachman, who was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at age 6, recently

visited Washington, D.C. to advocate on behalf of herself and the

millions of Americans living with Type 1.