A lot of people have it, which is why it's so weird

that it's almost unheard of at times,'' she said.
``Diagnosis

is not easy for a lot of kids.
My time with diagnosis was

easy.
My mom's a doctor, so we caught it super easy, which

was very lucky.
Kids that don't have that same chance--I knew

a kid who didn't know, his parents had no idea it could be a

possibility and he got super sick.
When he woke up in the

morning, he had to get evac'd out and had brain damage.
He

had to learn how to walk again.
It's just so hard.
It really

needs both that work towards a cure and showing that this is

something out there that people struggle with.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, July 15, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 16

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Lanny

Erdos, of Ohio, to be Director of the Office of Surface

Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, and David Eisner,

of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary, Audrey

Robertson, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary

(Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy), and Timothy

John Walsh, of Colorado, to be an Assistant Secretary

(Environmental Management), all of the Department of

Energy.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Derek

Barrs, of Florida, to be Administrator of the Federal

Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and Jonathan

Morrison, of California, to be Administrator of the

National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, and

Paul Roberti, of Rhode Island, to be Administrator of

the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety

Administration, both of the Department of

Transportation.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine constructing the surface

transportation reauthorization bill, focusing on

stakeholders' perspectives.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations; to be immediately followed by hearings to

examine reforming the State Department to compete in

the 21st century.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Crystal

Carey, of New Jersey, to be General Counsel of the

National Labor Relations Board for term of four years,

Brian Christine, of Alabama, to be an Assistant

Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Brittany

Panuccio, of Florida, to be a Member of the Equal

Employment Opportunity Commission.
2 p.m.

Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe

To receive a briefing on persecution to protection,

focusing on strategies to defend freedom of religion.
1324-LHOB

2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of William

Kirkland, of Georgia, to be an Assistant Secretary of

the Interior.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine the AI industry's mass

ingestion of copyrighted works for AI training.