One of my constituents owns ferrets, and I met both those ferrets at civic events in my constituency of Watford.
They clearly have personalities, and it is really important that this Bill seeks to protect them.
Yes, ferrets are some of the most quirky and engaging creatures you can ever meet—great personalities.
I have to say I hate them coming into the consult room, because you can smell that they have been there for several hours afterwards, but they bring a lot of joy and pleasure to the people who own them.
We anticipate that traders may respond to an increase in the minimum age for importing puppies and kittens by increasing the number of pregnant dogs and cats that they import.
The evidence from stakeholders suggests that even at present, traders are importing very heavily pregnant dogs and cats in order to benefit from their trade as soon as the puppies and kittens are born, because it is much cheaper and easier to bring in an animal before it gives birth than to try to move a whole load of puppies.
We know that some dogs are being taken back and forth; they get pregnant again, and then are brought back to give birth.
It really is abuse of these bitches.
They are basically puppy factories.
The transportation of heavily pregnant dogs and cats is dangerous to the health and welfare of both the mother and the offspring, especially in heatwaves, given the heat inside vans when they have a few pregnant dogs in the back, so it is paramount that we remain on the front foot and use the Bill to prevent this practice becoming commonplace.
The Bill will raise the minimum age at which cats and dogs can be imported to ensure that very young animals are not taken from their mothers too soon, and that we can age puppies and kittens more accurately.
Currently, the minimum age is technically 15 weeks, but it is very hard even for vets to accurately age animals.
By the time they get to six months old, they have lost all their deciduous teeth—their baby teeth—and have mostly adult  teeth, so we can be much more confident about their age.
Raising the minimum age will be much better for their welfare, but it will also help tackle the criminals’ business model, because the demand is for puppies, not dogs that are over six months.
We hope that if people cannot bring in dogs at six months old, it will take away the incentive to try to get them across the border.
I come to mutilation, which includes ear cropping, the declawing of cats and tail docking.
It is very cruel and should not be tolerated.
For anyone who is not aware, ear cropping is when someone cuts a dog’s ears off to make it look more aggressive.
It often happens to breeds such as XL bullies and Dobermanns.
It has been illegal in the UK for more than a decade—since, I think, 2013.
People are still performing the procedure in the UK, without veterinary supervision and probably with no anaesthetic, and then claiming that the dogs have been brought in from abroad, because it is still legal to bring them in from abroad.
I received messages last night from about a dozen vets, saying that just in the last couple of months, they have treated dogs that have clearly had their ears hacked off in the UK, and that now have infections and need the rest of the ear amputated.
This is going on now.
The great thing about closing that loophole is that there will be no excuse for owning a dog in the UK with cropped ears, and no one will be able to claim that such a dog has been brought in from abroad.
One of the great beauties of this Bill is that it applies to Scotland, too.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that it will make the prosecution of ear cropping-related cases easier in Scotland, for the benefit of our wonderful dogs?
Clarity about the fact that there is no excuse for having a dog with cropped ears should make prosecution and enforcement of the law a lot more straightforward.
I will read out a message that I received from a veterinary colleague last night: “Just saw for repeat meds check this week, 3yo cropped Doberman, imported but clearly was very young and Owner was not given any passport or papers.
He had his ears cropped (supposedly done abroad before being imported, but was probably done in the UK).
Lovely bright dog until anyone puts a hand towards his head when it will explode with aggression.
Big enough dog to be life threatening if a child approached him.
Now exists near permanently muzzled and dosed up on Prozac.
It’s maddening, frustrating and pitiful all at the same time.”
Cutting a dog’s ears off with no anaesthetic is obviously physically harmful, but it can also affect the dog’s psychology for the rest of their life, so they will not let anyone go near their head.
It is quite interesting; we know that dogs love to be stroked, particularly on their heads, and studies show that both a human’s and a dog’s cortisol levels go down when a human pets a dog.
The relationship is mutual and symbiotic.
Depriving an animal of that type of relationship for the rest of its life is really upsetting.
What is the point in owning a dog if you cannot even stroke it?
It is a real shame.
There is no reason to mutilate an animal in this way.
It is a cruel practice, only carried out for aesthetic reasons, and the Bill will help us to close that loophole for good.
The Bill was amended in Committee to allow the appropriate authority to exempt pet owners from the new requirements in articles 5 and 5A of the pet travel  regulation in exceptional and compelling circumstances.
This aims to ensure that the new measures will not disadvantage protected groups such as assistance dog users.
It will also provide flexibility in emergency situations, such as cases where genuine owners can no longer travel within five days of their pets, for example because they have a medical emergency.
I know that has caused some concern, and I reassure hon.
Members that it is intended for use in limited circumstances, which must be exceptional or compelling.
Exemptions sought will need to be considered on a case-by-case basis, and the Government have provided reassurances that no blanket exemptions will be granted.
Finally, in Committee the Bill was amended to remove the power that would have enabled the Secretary of State to make consequential changes that might have been required as a result of changes that the Bill makes to the pet travel rules and corresponding commercial import rules.
Further consideration of the legislation has taken place since the Bill was introduced, and we have greater confidence that no further consequential amendments will be required.
Should further changes to the pet travel schemes legal framework be needed, the Government may be able to make them using existing powers in other legislation.
The Bill will play a pivotal role in disrupting the cruel pet smuggling trade, a shared objective of Members from across the House.
It has been a joy to see the House united on animal welfare, and to see the commitment to working together across parties to end puppy smuggling.
I urge all Members to support these crucial measures.