I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on introducing this private Member’s Bill.
As he is a veterinary surgeon, I know that this topic is close to his heart, as it is close to the hearts of many hon.
Members.
The hon.
Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader)  spoke with passion and paid tribute to Selaine Saxby, the former Member for North Devon who brought this Bill forward in the last Parliament, and I thank him for that tribute.
The hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  quoted Mahatma Gandhi to great effect.
The hon.
Member for Glasgow East (John Grady)  rightly pointed out that the Bill extends to Scotland, and that sections 1 to 4 apply to Northern Ireland.
The hon.
Member for Bolton West (Phil Brickell)  reminded us how important animal welfare is to all our constituents, and  the hon.
Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb)  reminded us that while our animal welfare laws in Britain are world leading, we can always do better.
Finally,  the hon.
Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  paid tribute to those many charities in her constituency that dedicate themselves to improving animal welfare.
Britain is a nation of animal lovers, and the Conservatives are proud of our record in Government of improving animal welfare.
In the last Parliament, we banned the keeping of primates as pets, introduced pet abduction as a specific criminal offence, increased the penalties for animal cruelty, banned the export of livestock for slaughter or fattening, and recognised animal sentience in law, through the Animal Welfare (Sentience) Act 2022.
The establishment of the Animal Sentience Committee ensures that all legislation passed by this House considers the principle of animal sentience.
In 2020, we introduced Lucy’s law, which banned the third-party sale of puppies and kittens.
These regulations helped to protect animals from being kept in shockingly poor conditions, separated from their mothers at a young age and deprived of human or animal interaction for most of their lives.
The animal welfare Bill before us today is another example of doing the right thing to protect those pets that we all love.
Many charities have been tirelessly campaigning for this legislation for many years, including the British Veterinary Association, the Dogs Trust, the RSPCA, Four Paws, Cats Protection, Blue Cross, Battersea Dogs and Cats Home and the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation.
The Bill aims to close existing loopholes that are used far too often by dishonest breeders and smugglers to disguise commercial imports of cats and dogs as non-commercial movements, in a bid to avoid compliance with existing welfare standards.
I welcome raising the minimum age at which cats and dogs can be imported to six months.
That will curtail the ability of unscrupulous puppy smugglers to bring those puppies into the UK.
The Bill also further restricts the import of heavily pregnant animals.
The Dogs Trust has seen a record 600% increase in the number of heavily pregnant bitches intercepted at the border since 2021.
In preparing for this debate, I have read about the most appalling cases of pregnant animals being transported in cramped conditions to give birth, with little food or water.
This barbaric practice can permanently damage the health of both the mother and the puppies or kittens.
Similarly, we support the decision to cap the number of animals transported non-commercially at five per vehicle, rather than five per person as at present.
That will close another loophole exploited by smugglers that allows them to transport several dozen animals in one trip, claiming ownership of five per person.
I am equally glad to see this legislation ban the import of dogs and cats with non-exempted mutilations into Great Britain.
According to animal welfare charities such as the RSPCA, incidents of ear cropping have skyrocketed twentyfold in the last decade.
We on the Conservative Benches are committed to ending that horrible practice.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Epping Forest (Dr Hudson) , who, like the hon.
Member for Winchester, is a veterinary surgeon and a passionate advocate of that reform.
Of course, mutilation is not limited to dogs, and this legislation will also outlaw the declawing of cats.
That is another horrible procedure that has no medical basis, and we support that measure.
This is a good Bill.
Its measures are well considered, backed by experts and charities and designed to implement positive change to protect our beloved pets.
I am pleased  to confirm on behalf of the Opposition that we support this Bill, and I sincerely hope it will gain the support it deserves from the whole of the House.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on championing this Bill and guiding its passage through the House.
I have welcomed the expertise he has lent to this debate, as well as his information and the way in which he used it in Committee.
I was really fascinated to learn about the “Cut the Crop” campaign, and I am keen to hear a bit more about how we can support that.