I know that the hon.
Lady speaks with authority as her husband is a vet.
I thank her for sitting on the Committee and for pushing the Bill through.
She also has a private Member’s Bill on animal welfare.
She makes an important point that has been consuming the veterinary profession for the last couple of years.
A lot of dogs brought in from abroad have a disease called Brucella canis, which can affect humans.
It can cause infertility and miscarriages.
Obviously, if a dog has been illegally smuggled in, owners might not be aware of the risk because they assume it has been born in the UK.
It is a huge human health risk as well.
Just last night, I was still receiving messages from veterinary colleagues about treating animals that they strongly suspect have been smuggled in because of the type of illnesses that they are seeing.
That is why we are striving to end those practices by delivering the measures in the Bill.
The Bill closes loopholes in our pet travel rules that are currently exploited.
It does so by reducing the number of animals permitted per non-commercial  movement from five per person to five per vehicle—including vehicles on board a train or ferry—and to three per person for foot or air passengers.
Careful consideration has been given to setting these limits, balancing the need to disrupt illegal trade with minimising the impact on genuine pet owners.
To underpin this, only an owner, not an authorised person, will be permitted to sign a declaration that the movement of a dog or cat is non-commercial.
Crucially, the Bill places a duty on the Government to use these regulation-making powers to deliver three key measures: a ban on the import of puppies and kittens under six months old; a ban on the import of heavily pregnant dogs and cats that are more than 42 days pregnant; and a ban on the import of dogs and cats that have been mutilated.
Raising the minimum age at which dogs and cats can be imported will ensure that very young animals are not taken from their mothers too soon.
Separating a puppy or kitten from its mother too young has huge implications for its health and welfare.