In Committee, the Government supported several amendments to the Bill, which provided drafting clarification and the necessary flexibilities for genuine owners who will impacted by the new rules due to protected characteristics or circumstances beyond their control.
I was pleased to see those amendments pass, and I am confident that they will strengthen the Bill.
The Government supported amendments to narrow the Bill’s power to make criminal offences.
Those amendment will ensure that any criminal offences created using this power are foreseeable, having been set out in the Bill, and will receive the appropriate scrutiny from Parliament.
The offences specified in the Bill have been informed by engagement with enforcement bodies to ensure that they are fit for purpose.
As touched on by the hon.
Member for Winchester, the Bill received a clarification drafting change in Committee.
This change made it clear that the existing definition of “pet animal” in our pet travel regulations is not affected by the Bill.
Ultimately, it ensures that the status quo is maintained, and the effective operation of our pet travel regime.
The Bill was also amended to allow an appropriate authority to grant an exemption from the tighter non-commercial pet travel rules, as amended in the Bill, in exceptional or compelling circumstances.
I reassure hon.
Members that this mechanism will be tightly controlled.
The Government are committed to ensuring that the Bill will not result in loopholes that could be exploited by smugglers.
The mechanism will give the Government flexibility to deal with unanticipated events that may impact the ability of genuine pet owners to follow the more stringent pet travel rules introduced by the Bill—for example, in the case of force majeure, such as a natural disaster that ground planes or a medical emergency that prevents owners from travelling within five days of their pet.
Furthermore, the amendments will ensure that the new measures introduced by the Bill do not adversely impact protected groups, such as assistant dog users, who may wish to travel together in groups larger than five.
This has been carefully considered by the Government in accordance with our public sector equality duty under the Equality Act 2010.
Importantly, the amendments do not provide blanket exemptions from the rules; instead, each case will be considered individually.
The Government will work with the Animal and Plant Health Agency to ensure that there is a clear process to follow, and that exemptions are granted only in truly exceptional or compelling circumstances.
Finally, the Government also supported an amendment that removed the power to make further consequential amendments arising from the Bill’s changes to the pet travel rules and corresponding import rules.
Since the Bill was introduced, we have further assessed the changes to legislation that might be necessary as a result of the Bill, and we are confident that no further amendments are required.
We are keen to take no more power than is necessary.
The amendments have not been considered lightly, and I am in no doubt that they improve the deliverability and ability to enforce this Bill.
Several MPs have mentioned our work to reset relations with the EU.
As announced at the UK-EU leaders’ summit on  19 May 2025 , the UK and EU have agreed to work towards having a common sanitary and phytosanitary area, which would make taking pets to the EU on holiday easier and cheaper.
It is important that we get the right agreement for the UK, so we are not putting any arbitrary deadlines on negotiations.
We will provide more information on pet passports in due course; in the meantime, owners will still need an animal health certificate for their dog, cat or ferret if they are travelling from Great Britain to an EU country.
While I am unable to comment on live negotiations, I reassure hon.
Members that this Government will continue to support this Bill while negotiating an SPS agreement with the EU.
As set out in the Government’s manifesto, we are committed to ending puppy smuggling and delivering a better future for animals.
I am pleased to say that this Bill does just that.
Its key measures deliver crucial recommendations by the Select Committee on Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and tackle multiple concerns that have been raised by stakeholders regarding loopholes in our pet travel rules.
I commend the hon.
Member for Winchester on taking this important Bill through the House, and I very much look forward to seeing it on the statute book.