I join my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  in thanking—I hope I get all of them—Cats Protection Portsmouth, Portsmouth Lost,  Found and Rehomed, Penny’s Place, Phoenix Rehoming, and Bernice Buckingham at Portsmouth Tortoise Rescue for all the work they do.
[Interruption.]
I was so close.
I thank them for all the work they do across her constituency.
As noted by the hon.
Member for Winchester, it is nice to have the whole House united on a matter of animal welfare—what a nice way to end the week?
The nation is also united on animal welfare.
Few topics have as much engagement and support from constituents, as evidenced by the frequent correspondence I receive in Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice and that I am sure all of us across the House receive.
The public’s passion for pets is very much reflected in the statistics.
According to the PDSA, pet ownership has increased in recent years with over half of adults owning a pet.
As the proud owner of my cats Serena, Meglatron and Lily, I welcome the Bill and am thrilled that the measures covers cats because they deserve equal protection as dogs.
I pay tribute to my daughter Isabel who is here this morning and the magic way she has with animals.
She has a particular talent, when we have had young kittens, in helping them grow up to be soft and gentle animals.
In fact, our beloved Thomas used to go to bed with her like a small teddy to be cuddled at night-time.
I would go in and see them sitting watching television together—honestly, he was more like a dog than a cat.
That only goes to reinforce the point made that when animals are treated well when they are little, they grow up to be soft, gentle and loving animals.
It is only right that imported cats should have parity —I nearly said pawrity—of protection, as they do across our domestic animal welfare laws.
While we are talking about the wonderful things we have across our constituencies, I want to mention Jenny’s Cat House.
Jenny takes in loads of animals that are rescued and lost and found literally into her house—it has become a charity now.
She does incredible work as many do across the constituency.
As we are talking about constituency issues, a sad thing happened in Northampton a few weeks ago.
There was an arson attack in Dunelm, and that spread to Pets at Home in the St James retail park.
Unfortunately, that fire ripped through the vet, the dog groomers and the store.
Will the Minister join me in thanking all the volunteers, vets, groomers and the fire service who put their lives at risk to save so many pets—dogs, cats and others—as that fire took hold?
I of course join my hon.
Friend in thanking everyone involved.
It is horrific to think that somebody would wish to attack a veterinary building where they know animals receive treatment and where they live.
I hope that whoever has done that will be quickly and firmly brought to justice.
As the number of pet owners has increased, there is a number of people travelling with their pets.
In 2024, 368,000 dogs, cats and ferrets were moved non-commercially into Great Britain.
While most of those were genuine movements, the rise in non-commercial movements also accounts for the uptick in unscrupulous traders that abuse our pet travel rules to illegally smuggle puppies and kittens into the country.
Due to its illicit nature, we cannot know the true number of pets illegally smuggled into Great Britain.
What we do know, however, is the devastating effect it can have on the health and welfare  of the animals that suffer as a result.
I am delighted to reiterate the Government’s support for the Bill.
These measures represent a crucial step forward in our collective efforts to tackle the pet smuggling trade.
As we set out in our manifesto, this Government are committed to ending puppy smuggling, and the measures in the Bill will close loopholes in our pet travel rules that smugglers exploit.
The Bill will tighten these rules by reducing the number of pets that can travel in a single non-commercial movement, and requiring the movement of a pet to be explicitly linked to that of its owner.
That will fundamentally disrupt the tactics we know illegal traders employ to avoid more stringent checks and oversight.
I am reassured that the Bill gives the Government the power to reduce those limits further should there be evidence that our pet travel rules continue to be abused.
As the hon.
Member for Winchester rightly highlighted, the Bill also introduces powers for the Government to tackle low-welfare imports through secondary legislation.
The Government must first use these regulation-making powers to introduce three impactful restrictions—restrictions raising the minimum age at which dogs and cats can be moved into Great Britain to six months; banning the import of heavily pregnant dogs and cats; and banning the import of dogs and cats that have been mutilated.
We want fewer low-welfare operations supplying pets to the GB market and, fundamentally, we want fewer animals to suffer.
I know that colleagues from across the House are keen to see these regulations make it on to the statute book as soon as possible.
This Government are committed to introducing the prohibitions in the Bill as soon as practicable.
Delivering these measures through secondary legislation will allow the Government to work closely with stakeholders to understand where appropriate exemptions from the measures may be needed.
These will need to be carefully considered to ensure that we do not inadvertently create any loopholes that could be abused.
Of course, the enforcement of the measures will be crucial to their success.
Local authorities and the Animal and Plant Health Agency will continue to be responsible for enforcing pet travel and commercial import requirements.
We will work closely with enforcement bodies to ensure that they have the right tools and guidance to enforce these measures effectively.