About 10 years ago, I was on the British Veterinary Association’s policy committee, and we were pushing to tackle puppy smuggling.
We were working with other organisations, such as the RSPCA, the Dogs Trust, Cats Protection, FOUR PAWS and Battersea Dogs and Cats Home.
Today is a great day for all those organisations, which have wanted this to happen for so long.
I thank Lord Trees, who is kindly sponsoring this Bill through the upper House.
He was my dean at Liverpool vet school, and in my third year, he failed my parasitology viva, which meant I had to spend a summer revising and coming back for resits instead of having fun.
Given that this Bill will help prevent parasitological diseases from coming into the UK, I hope he might consider giving me a retrospective distinction.
I know that the Bill will be in good hands in the upper House.
I also thank my team.
A private Member’s Bill is a lot of work, especially for a new team.
I noticed a couple of last-minute changes to my speech—I think I can guess who made some of them.
I thank my team, including my chief of staff, Tom Wood, and his cat Luma, who is clearly the most intelligent cat in the world.
I also thank Emily Kitchen and her cat Tango—the most clumsy cat in the world—and Sophie Hammond, my parliamentary assistant, who is on maternity leave.
Does the hon.
Member agree that it is most appropriate that Madam Deputy Speaker, who is Member of Parliament for Bradford, is in the Chair for this Bill’s Third Reading?
David Hockney, one of Bradford’s most famous sons, is a wonderful painter of dogs.
I am the proud owner of two lovely dogs.
I look forward to seeing those paintings.
I thank Sophie Hammond for all the work she did on this Bill in its early stages, and Hayley Puddefoot, who has taken over from her.
I am so happy today, because no longer will dogs and cats be taken away from their parents at a hugely young age and put in the back of a van, perhaps having been sedated or mutilated, and perhaps while sick, and where they may become overheated.
That will come to an end now, which is a great step forward for animal welfare.
Finally, I thank all the people of Winchester who elected me to serve as their MP a year ago today.
I am so pleased to be able to bring forward a piece of legislation that shows people that what happens in Parliament has a real impact out in the real world.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee, considered.
Third Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It is a pleasure to reach this milestone in the Bill’s journey through the House of Commons.
As we know, livestock worrying has devastating consequences for both animals and farmers.
In Committee, I and other Committee members shared the experiences that had resonated with us of farmers having suffered attacks to their livestock.
The damage of a livestock attack can be horrific, causing brutal injuries that are tragically often fatal.
There are instances of stress causing pregnant livestock to miscarry, and separation of mothers and their young leading to hypothermia or starvation.
I have seen pictures from farmers in my constituency of the aftermath of attacks that have mutilated their calves beyond any hope of keeping them alive.
The consequences of an attack, no matter the scale, are profound, and attacks are sadly all too common.
The data from the recent National Sheep Association survey speaks for itself: 96% of respondents had experienced incidents in the last 12 months, and 98% agreed that there is an urgent need for additional police powers.
The responses highlight that livestock worrying remains a huge problem for the sector and show just how important it is to deliver the Bill.
As someone who grew up on a sheep farm, a vet who has treated injuries caused by dogs that are out of control, and someone who continues to work with farmers quite closely in the Meon valley, I cannot emphasise enough how necessary this legislation is.
The problem is devastating for animals, but also causes farmers to take a huge economic hit.
It is horrendously stressful for everyone involved, and it is not a niche problem—it happens all the time.
I thank the hon.
Member for introducing this legislation.