As we heard in Committee, the Bill will modernise the Dogs (Protection of Livestock) Act 1953, ensuring that it reflects the needs of modern-day farming.
The Bill strengthens police powers, so that they can do their job more effectively.
Specifically, it gives the police powers of entry, and allows them to seize and detain dogs and to collect evidence—changes that farmers in my constituency have specifically told me are necessary.
The Bill will also increase the penalty—and we hope, in turn, the deterrent against livestock worrying.
The fine is currently capped at a maximum of £1,000; that will go up to an unlimited amount, to reflect the severity of  livestock worrying from an animal welfare standpoint, as well as the economic toll an attack can have on farming.
Farming has diversified, and therefore the scope of livestock requiring protection has increased.
I am delighted that camelids such as alpacas and llamas will now be protected under the Bill.
Anyone who has driven down country roads, such as those in my constituency of Chester South and Eddisbury, will know that farmers move livestock.
In recognition of that, the Bill includes roads and paths as locations where an offence may take place; that will give farmers greater reassurance when moving livestock.
As I said in Committee, the legislation puts animal welfare and farmers right at its heart.
Today marks exactly one year since the general election.
I am deeply proud and grateful that in my first year as the Member for Chester South and Eddisbury, I have been able to introduce a Bill in my name that will make a genuine difference both for animal welfare and farmers.
This is precisely why I stood for election, and it is testament to the strength of this Parliament that an Opposition Back Bencher can help deliver meaningful change in the law that will have a real and lasting impact.
We should all be able to enjoy the countryside, and there is no finer countryside than in Chester South and Eddisbury.
However, that enjoyment comes with a responsibility to preserve and protect it, and to support those who care for it every day: our farming community.
The Bill gives us the opportunity to act to protect our countryside, support our farmers and strengthen animal welfare.
I hope that Members from all sides of the House will join me in backing it, just as they did in Committee.
It is a pleasure to speak on another animal welfare Bill today.
As  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  said, it is fantastic to see this legislation brought in by a party that is not in government, with cross-party support.
I declare that I am a member of the National Farmers Union food and farming fellowship.
I have been fortunate to visit a number of farms across the UK to hear at first hand from farmers from a range of specialities.
I can say that the Bill will be fully supported across that community, particularly in Northamptonshire.
The NFU does great work to represent our fantastic farmers, a number of whom I met yesterday at a food event in Northampton as we launched the Northamptonshire good food plan.
They spoke of the challenges, particularly of working across borders with the police, because their farms often do not fit within normal police boundaries, and said they want more Government support for the rural economy.
The Bill goes some way to helping to achieve that.
I am really pleased to see the expansion of the definitions in the Bill, and I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury and the Bill Committee for ensuring that we get that right.
In particular, the inclusion of alpacas and llamas is really positive, as we are seeing more and more of them reared in Northamptonshire.
It will be positive to continue to review that as farmers diversify into new ways of maintaining food supplies and the environment and ensuring the long-term  sustainability of farming.
Bills such as this should continue to be adapted and evolved through successive Governments.
I met a farming colleague relatively recently, who told me about a mauling incident that happened on his land.
It was shocking to hear about the direct impact on him and his staff who discovered it, and the fact that the police struggled to take action because of the lack of powers to undertake things such as forensics.
It is positive that the Bill is increasing the relevant powers, particularly on the capture of DNA from dogs, to ensure that perpetrators can be brought to justice.
It is a grim thing that continues to happen year on year, and we must take positive steps to change it.
The Bill is also very well timed.
In Northamptonshire, the new police, fire and crime commissioner, Danielle Stone, has recognised that rural crime has been neglected in recent years.
She has launched a rural crime survey, and had a number of roundtables and panels with farmers across the county.
We now see farming and the protection of rural communities front and centre in her policing action plan.
Northamptonshire is home to the largest town in the UK, Northampton, but also acres and acres of beautiful countryside, which is used for both arable farming and rearing herds and growing crops.
It is great timing to see the Bill come through before the summer.
Not just my police, fire and crime commissioner but police commissioners across England will recognise and support the Bill as a positive step forward.
When I read the Bill and listened to some of the observations in Committee, I found the expansion of the provisions to roads and paths quite interesting.
For the record, my uncle is the former president of the Ramblers’ Association, and he repeatedly reminds me of the right to roam campaign whenever I see him at family dos.
It is positive that the Bill expands the definition to include roads and paths, because it sets clear requirements when someone accesses land—particularly in somewhere like Northamptonshire, where so many public footpaths run through farmland—to protect farmers and set clear boundaries for those walking their dogs or undertaking more nefarious activities.
It is also positive to see the recovery of costs in the Bill.
That is a big step forward that will deter people and serve as a reminder to many people who may be impacted by the Bill.
Overall, the Bill takes a really responsible and balanced approach, and I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury on her work.
As we have heard today from the many dog owners in the Chamber, dog owners are generally responsible, but when things go wrong and someone does not take that responsibility seriously, there must be measures in place for the police to step in and farmers to be protected, so I am really pleased to see this Bill.
It does not take a heavy-handed approach, as a couple of constituents have written to me about.
It strikes the right balance, and I fully commend it and thank the hon.
Member for bringing it forward.