It is fantastic that we are extending protection to alpacas and llamas.
No one wants to see attacks or worrying, and including both those definitions is really important and strengthens the law appropriately.
I am incredibly impressed that the Bill covers paths and roads.
The hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury thinks her constituency is the most beautiful in the country but, of course, it is not even the most beautiful in Cheshire, because mine is better.
One of the really beautiful things I did recently was go to Goostrey Rose Festival last weekend.
We have new paths in Goostrey and they are used incredibly regularly by dog walkers, but they are on farm boundaries.
This legislation is so important for covering paths like those.
I have been on a farm with a family in the aftermath of a dog attack, and it is terrible.
I am not here to demonise dog owners—we have so many considerate, sensible, countryside-loving dog owners in my constituency—and I know the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury is not either.
We are here to make sure that the overwhelming majority of people are left in peace to go about their everyday lives, in both the farming community and the dog-owning community—they are often one and the same—and to make sure that rural crime is properly prosecuted.
GPS theft is another major component of rural crime in my area.
Our local police and crime commissioner, Dan Price, has been doing work on this, and the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury has been involved in it.
It would be great to get an update from the Minister on that.
I want to take a moment to thank the NFU, which has lobbied me extensively on this issue.
I am on its food and farming fellowship and have learned a great deal from it.
I also thank the farmers in my constituency for continuing to feed us and for looking after the countryside so well.
I rise to support the Bill, and I commend  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  for bringing it to Parliament.
I want to make some brief remarks about what is sometimes perceived as a tension between those who wish to responsibly enjoy the countryside, and both the economic toll and the harm done to livestock by livestock worrying.
Since being elected to this place, I have been a strong champion for expanding responsible access to the countryside across England and Wales—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader)  mentioned the Right to Roam campaign.
I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury, because this Bill shines a light on the fact that most of us who wish to go into the great outdoors and enjoy our wonderful countryside, whether that is in Cheshire or on the wonderful west Pennine moors in my Bolton West constituency, do so responsibly, but those who do not ensure that their dogs conduct themselves  in a considerate manner will feel the wrath of these measures.
I particularly welcome that, because there is a balance to be struck between farmers and those who look after livestock in the countryside, and those who want to enjoy our great outdoors.
With that in mind, I want to touch on a couple of points.
On extending the provisions to include camelids, there are a number of alpacas and llamas at farms in my constituency, including Smithills open farm.
Members may think they look rather incongruous on the great west Pennine moors, but I assure them that they are incredibly popular, both in terms of the opportunity to walk them around the moors and with school visits.
I want to touch on a couple of points that the Minister may pick up on, relating to the opportunities that present themselves, outside the criminal law, to push for greater responsible enjoyment of our countryside, particularly in respect of increasing investment in promoting awareness of the countryside code.
I will read out some of the provisions in the code, to make people aware.
I think they are principles that everyone in this place can rally around: “Do not feed livestock, horses or wild animals…do not cause damage or disturbance…leave no trace…always keep dogs under control and in sight…dog poo—bag it and bin it…take your litter home” and, most importantly, be courteous: “be nice…share the space” with others.
That should be the golden thread that runs through all our time spent in the countryside.
It is worth me putting on the record that the UK ranks the lowest of 14 European nations with regard to nature connectedness and, out 15 European nations surveyed, the UK is 11th in terms of physical activity.
So there is greater work to be done to provide access to nature, but also on enjoying it and breaking down some of the barriers to opportunity.
Nevertheless, I commend the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury for bringing forward the Bill.
I very much appreciate the concerns she has raised around livestock worrying; she has been a champion for that cause ever since she got elected to this place.
I commend the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy)  for praising her daughter in the Chamber.
It is very important to praise children.
My Aunty Mary, who moved from Newcastle in the blitz to become a schoolteacher just north of here in London, would always emphasise to me how important it was to give children confidence in their abilities and their qualities.
We were talking earlier about dogs and David Hockney, so it would be remiss of me not to mention Elizabeth Blackadder, a very fine printmaker from Glasgow and one of the United Kingdom’s most famous artists.
She was a real pioneer in reviving printmaking in Scotland.
In Trongate, we have the Glasgow Print Studio.
Project Ability currently has an exhibition of art by people who have disabilities and mental health issues.
It is a wonderful exhibition.
If any Members are going to Glasgow, they should go to that exhibition, because it is absolutely wonderful.
It is a beautiful exhibition.
The Bill does not apply to Scotland because it is a criminal matter, and criminal matters are devolved to Scotland in the constitutional settlement, but this is an important issue in Scotland.
There has been some discussion about the lack of prosecutions for this sort of offence.
It is important that these offences are prosecuted, because farming is an important part of the British economy and the Scottish economy.
I know that well because, as a complete townie who gets very uncomfortable if there is a lack of cars and noise, I married into a family of farmers.
My wife’s family were dairy farmers on the Solway firth, which looks over into Cumbria where the Bill will apply and have very important impacts, as sheep farming is very important in Cumbria.
I do not think my lovely father-in-law Andrew is particularly impressed with my farming abilities.
Helping in the milking parlour did not go very well and apparently the fences I put up were not straight enough.
He generally thinks I am incompetent in the farming area.
I think now, after 23 years of marriage —it is coming up to our wedding anniversary on  12 July —he thinks I am kind of all right as a husband and a father, but I have not checked this week.
My wife’s aunt and uncle, Elma and Sam, were sheep farmers.
Sheep farming is a very difficult way of making money.
It is hard work—farming is hard, hard work, whatever kind it is.
Farmers have to get up very early to look after the animals; they have to protect the animals and pay for the veterinary bills, and so on.
It is a tough job.
I do not think we should underestimate how important this Bill will be as a signal that this House supports farmers and takes into account their concerns.
These are hard jobs.
Farmers are stewards of the countryside across Britain.
Obviously, Glasgow is the most beautiful place in the world, but I would not wish to get into a dispute about where the most beautiful part of Cheshire is, because Cheshire is beautiful.
Farmers are an important part of stewarding the countryside across our family of nations, which is so important to us, and this Bill is important for farmers.
Farmers are important for the British economy—not just the farms themselves, but our brilliant farmers, who help to supply restaurants and shops, creating the great revival of British cooking and cuisine that we have seen in our lifetimes.
So this Bill is very important, and I hope that the Scottish Government look at it carefully and perhaps review the lack of prosecution of these offences.
Now, I should say something of the Bill itself, because it is important.
I have covered the important constitutional aspects of it—that it does not cover Scotland—but clause 2 is key.
There is limited scope for the police to seize dogs for prolonged periods of time, even when they are causing danger.
It is, I am afraid, regrettably common for dogs that have been seized to carry out further attacks pending the trial of their owner.
Giving the police the ability to seize dogs for longer periods of time will therefore prevent those repeated attacks.
I commend  the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury (Aphra Brandreth)  for addressing that in clause 2; it is an important provision, and she is quite right to include it.
As a recovering lawyer, I have, at times, had an interest in the investigation of crime.
Of course, whatever the legal system, it is necessary to have sufficient evidence, broadly, to convince a judge or a jury to convict someone.
Rural crime is particularly difficult in that regard; the reason is self-evident, when we think about it.
As a complete townie, it has taken me a bit of time to spot the self-evidence of it.
My hon.
Friend consistently refers to himself as a complete townie—a description that I would apply to myself, too.
Of course, the fact that we reside in urban areas does not in any way mean that we are unconcerned by the fortunes of our fellow parliamentarians who represent agricultural areas, or indeed their communities, who play a vital role in sustaining us.
The importance of food is something I often speak about, for as much as we focus on whatever the leading industry is of the day, society fundamentally comes down to the question of whether we can feed and house ourselves.
Covid in particular drove forward the point that the agricultural system in this country is vital.
My hon.
Friend’s intervention typifies his many thoughtful contributions; he makes an important point.
I think all of us who live in cities—townies, like me—have a great yearning for the countryside.
In my constituency, we have Tollcross Park, which is a wonderful park; I recommend that everyone visit it.
There is a city farm in the park, which houses llamas and alpacas, to which the provisions of the Bill extend; they are protected by it.
I would not want to sully this debate with a political point, but I simply point out that the SNP council regularly threatens to close that farm.
Tollcross also has some wonderful rose gardens, which the council does not look after particularly well, which is a real disappointment to my constituents.
They are right to be disappointed.
Turning back to the Bill, the investigation of crimes in the countryside is difficult, as there are not lots of people about, there is no CCTV and there are very few witnesses, if any.
Clause 3 allows for the collection of forensic evidence, which will be very important in linking the dog to the animal that has been attacked and the owner, and in facilitating the prosecution of these serious crimes and bringing about justice.
It is fair to say that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb)  raised a very important issue.
The improved powers of entry and search in order to look for samples and take impressions from a dog—teeth impressions and so on, I assume—are very important too; again, they make investigation of these crimes easier.
It is important that we investigate and prosecute the crimes; if we do not, the law will just sit on the statute book unenforced, ignored and otiose.
If we do not have the enforcement mechanisms, we are wasting our time in the House, so the hon.
Member for Chester South and Eddisbury is right to include them in the Bill.
We do not want to waste our time; everyone in this House agrees that cracking down on these terrible crimes is very important.
I am particularly pleased that the Bill deals with roads and paths.
Having helped my father-in-law on many occasions, utterly incompetently, with things like moving animals around—somewhat like my career in the petrochemical industry, when I put diesel in the unleaded car, it was not something I was cut out for—  I know that animals can be attacked and worried on roads and paths.
It is also right that attacking livestock is dealt with differently from worrying livestock.