The Second Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No. 3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 1, Noes 33.
The Deputy Speaker declared that the Question was not decided because fewer than 40 Members had participated in the Division ( Standing Order No. 41 ).
Third Reading I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
I am delighted to present this Bill for its Third Reading.
I begin by stating how grateful I am to all the Members from across the House who have engaged with this Bill, especially during the Public Bill Committee.
It became quite clear very quickly how passionate every Committee member was about animal welfare, and we had a huge amount of contributions, with many taking the opportunity to name check their own pets from home.
I thought I had heard every cat name during my  years in clinical practice, but I have to say that I was really impressed by the imagination of  the hon.
Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter) , who revealed that her cats were named Clement Catlee and Mo Meowlam.
My many years in veterinary practice, working both in Winchester and in Romsey—in your beautiful constituency, Madam Deputy Speaker—as well as around the rest of country, have shown me just how deeply the people of this nation care for their pets.
They are companions, and they are sometimes sole companions to people who live alone.
I have lost count of the number of times, especially during covid, that we were treating animals and someone would say, “I haven’t seen anyone else for months, and my dog or my cat is my only companion.”
Pets are absolutely vital for many people’s mental health, especially when we have an epidemic of loneliness.
Pets are sometimes part of the antidote to that.
My constituency is the home of Canine Partners, the organisation that provides canine companions for individuals with disabilities.
I just wanted to reflect on the positive effect those dogs have on the people who care for them.
There are so many fantastic organisations like Canine Partners.
Another one is the Cinnamon Trust.
If a person ends up going into hospital for an extended period of time, the Cinnamon Trust will take care of their pet for them and give it back to them when they are discharged.
That takes away so much of the worry.
My partner Emma and I have two dogs: Frank and Moose.
Frank has been mentioned before in Parliament, because I managed to wish him a very happy 15th birthday recently.
He is a pug cross border terrier.
I think the best way to describe how he looks, with his undershot jaw and his big buggy eyes, is quirky.
I admit that he gets a mixed reception; one Liberal Democrat Member saw a picture of him and called him ugly, which I was horrendously offended by.
[Hon.
Members: “Shame!”
] It was awful—shame!
We were at one of my friends’ houses for dinner recently, and one of their children looked at Frank and said, “Frank is really ugly.”
The other child said, “You shouldn’t say that, because he might have been in an accident.”
It was possibly a genetic accident, but I want to make clear on the record that beneath his appearance, he is a gentle and loving companion, and he brings a smile to the face of everyone who sees him.
I know that many other Members, as well as people across the country, will feel as strongly about protecting animal welfare as I and other vets do.
Pets like Frank and Moose have such profound impacts on our everyday lives and happiness, and it is crucial that we do all we can to ensure dogs like them are protected from the cruel practices involved in pet smuggling.
All of the pets who have been mentioned in this Chamber, and others who have not been, are close to our hearts and serve to remind us of the importance of this Bill.
Although my pets and yours, Madam Deputy Speaker—Alfie and— Alfie and Luna. Alfie and Luna.
They are cockapoos —I am sure they keep you very fit.
Although our pets, and all the pets of the other hon.
Members who are in the Chamber today, are well cared for and have loving homes, that is not the case for all cats and dogs in the UK.
As a vet, I have seen the devastating consequences of puppy smuggling.
It is unimaginably cruel to separate puppies and kittens from their mothers at a very young age and then bring them across borders in substandard conditions, where they are sold for maximum profit by unscrupulous traders who prioritise profit over welfare.