The hon.
Gentleman represents Winchester.
Madam Deputy Speaker, you and I share a relationship, as I am a Romsonian and you represent my parents, but one of my first jobs was in Winchester, in the Esso garage by Peter Symonds college, so I know the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency very well.
That was the job that got me through university, and earned me money in the summer holidays.
One of my proudest achievements was being given the opportunity to step up and take on the night shift, which was double pay.
For a student, that was very exciting.
Unfortunately, I lost that job because I fell asleep on my shift and someone stole the carwash while I was asleep.
Yes.
I was demoted back to daytime shifts, but Winchester always has a place in my heart.
It is a great relief to know that two Members of this House sabotaged their petrochemical careers quite early on.
I had a job in a garage as an 18-year-old—I cannot remember the brand.
I made the fatal mistake of filling up a car salesman’s brand new car with diesel, when it was an unleaded car.
That is why I never rose to the top of British Petroleum.
I should state for the record, and for colleagues in Hansard, that I am not my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (Peter Swallow) , as was suggested earlier this week.
For those online, I am not my hon.
Friend  the Member for Weston-super-Mare (Dan Aldridge) , either, whom I was quoted as being this week.
Nor am I a member of a much worse version of One Direction.
That idea went viral this week, thanks to one of my former Labour colleagues, who temporarily made me Twitter famous.
I am a very passionate member of the Labour Animal Welfare Society, and I would like to thank the society for all its hard work during the election period on this campaign.
When we put out social media posts and spoke to residents right across the political spectrum, it was very clear that there is real support for changes and much tougher animal welfare measures.
The Conservatives, when in government, failed to take action on e-collars; on banning imports from trophy hunting, fur and foie gras; on banning snares and other inhumane devices that are already banned in Wales and Scotland; and—this is really critical for every pet owner—on the theft of pets.
It is really positive to see these measures now coming forward.
On my hon.
Friend’s point about social media, does he have a view on the importance of having a dog in your social media during a general election campaign?
It seemed to be an almost compulsory element of many of the campaigns I was involved in, including mine.
Surely the Bill is critical to ensuring the good nature of the animals appearing in those social media posts?
I completely agree.
I was a candidate for 17 months, and for a long while I ran #DoorstepDogs; every week, I took a photo of my favourite dog that I met on the doorstep.
Unfortunately, I have given up on that.
Maybe I should bring it back.
That is a very good point about social media.
One reason why there is such an interest in dogs with cropped ears is that a lot of influencers on Instagram and other social media platforms pose with dogs, or show that they have new dogs, with cropped ears.
Many people are not aware that it is a mutilation; they think it is how dogs’ ears normally look.
That drives a demand for dogs that look like that.
We will be running a “stop the crop” campaign to try to get influencers and companies that use crop-eared dogs in adverts to stop doing that, so that cropping is not normalised among the general public.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
It is fantastic to hear about that campaign, and I would fully support it.
But there are also positives in the world of pets on social media.
I follow an account, Southend Dog Training, which has helped me with free advice to ensure that Dash, my little Chorkie—full name: Dash Potato Evans-Reader—sits, walks and does not lick so many people every time we meet them.
He does not come out with me on the doorstep, because while I am trying to talk about serious policy issues, he is more keen to get in the house and explore.
In all seriousness, the Bill is really important.
It closes loopholes and stops the shameless exploitation of dogs, cats and ferrets—as I learned from the Clerk as I walked in, ferrets are included in the Bill because of  their alignment on rabies categorisation.
It is fantastic to see a really well-rounded Bill of this nature.
It will stop puppies being stripped from their parents and smuggled into the UK under the age of six months, and it will stop heavily mutated dogs being brought in, as well as heavily pregnant dogs, who just become puppy farms.
I was at a food conference in Northampton yesterday, and when I told people there that I was coming in to Parliament today to talk about puppies, they thought it was a little strange.
But I explained the loopholes, and they were not fully aware of what goes on.
It is really important that we take this kind of action to close those loopholes.
First, I must confess that I am feeling increasingly guilty for not having mentioned my cockapoo, Brora, since everybody else is mentioning their pet.
She has been a social media star—she posed in a Scotland football strip just before the last championship.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point about people not being aware and needing reassurance.
When we bought Brora five years ago, I remember it being on my mind that we had to be careful, because there are a lot of people selling puppies on the internet, apparently genuinely.
I have heard from constituents who bought a puppy, unaware of the puppy trade, and then faced the sorts of issues that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  mentioned.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that it is important that the public take away from this Bill an awareness of those dangers?
I could not agree more.
It is critical that we do more in Parliament to raise these issues.
I also welcome some of the minor amendments made in Committee, which strengthen the Bill further and will reassure people, particularly in the limited circumstances in which the Bill may have unintended consequences.
It is the story of my life that I am a dog lover and an animal lover.
Every time I come home from Parliament, Dash is there waiting for me.
Very fortunately, he comes with me when I come down to London, and he comes with me back to Northampton.
It makes my life so much better, as you say, to come home, decompress— The hon.
Gentleman is doing a marvellous job, but he has used “you” a number of times, as indeed have other Members in their interventions.
While I am on the subject of interventions, it is fascinating for me personally to hear about the social media accounts of everybody’s dogs, but could we please try to keep interventions within scope of the Bill?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker—you make a good point.
As I was saying, when I come home and see Dash, it is a great opportunity to decompress.
I agree with  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  that that is such a valuable part of owning a dog.
In closing, I want to thank a number of organisations that have helped me and others to really understand this issue—Four Paws, Battersea and the Countryside Alliance have provided great briefings and have helped me and others to understand it.
Today is a victory for common  sense and animal welfare.
One way or another, we will make sure that we improve animal welfare rights in this place.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on introducing this important Bill.
It is an absolute honour and a privilege to speak on this subject.
I have spoken on animal welfare in two Westminster Hall debates in the past month, and it is an important topic to speak about on the anniversary of my election, so I am grateful for the opportunity.
I am also an animal lover.
I know that all right hon.
and hon.
Members present are extremely well informed, so the facts and information I will share is not for their benefit.
I want to use this opportunity to provide some education for communities across our country and to share the message further afield, beyond this place.
As Mahatma Gandhi said: “The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.”
We often say we are a nation of animal lovers, and today is a test: if we legislate, we must legislate like one.
Cruel practices like smuggling pregnant animals or separating young animals from their mothers at an early age violates all levels of mercy.
These acts cause unnecessary suffering and must be stopped.
Having researched and had information provided by my team, I found the scale of the issue staggering.
Between 2015 and 2019, dog imports under the pet travel scheme rose by 86%.
Many of those were illegal or misclassified commercial imports.
A single journey from Romania to the UK is over 1,500 miles.
Puppies as young as 13 weeks are transported in cramped, filthy vans, We have heard about cropped ears, a cruel thing to do to any animal.
More than 21,000 dogs with cropped ears are now estimated to be in the UK population—a result of the legal grey area that we hope the Bill will address.
I pay tribute and express my gratitude, I am sure on behalf of the House, to the many charities and organisations that look after animal welfare and ensure issues are brought to the attention of this place, and that are on the ground helping: Battersea, Dogs Trust, Countryside Alliance and many more that are local, regional, national and international.
It is important to share some of the key issues around biosecurity and health risks.
Many smuggled puppies and kittens arrive in the UK without the core vaccinations required to prevent rabies, distemper, parvovirus and other life threatening illnesses.
These animals are often too young to have received their vaccinations or to have developed any immunity.
That is dangerous for them and also poses a serious public health risk to our communities and domestic pet population.
The current system allows these animals to enter the country with minimal scrutiny, creating a perfect entry point for zoonotic diseases—those that can jump from animals to humans.
I will share two or three case studies from Battersea.
Milo, a six-month-old dog rescued by Battersea, had been brutally mutilated.
His ears were hacked and crudely stitched shut with cotton thread, which had been left to fester.
That was not just illegal; it was deliberate torture  masquerading as aesthetic enhancement.
We need to tackle the glorification of mutilated animals on social media or any other platforms that do not make it clear to the people viewing that it is not the natural state of the animal—it has been mutilated.
That is an important point that I hope, through this debate, will become more well known.
To give some more examples, Sunny, Ray and Sky, three Cane Corso puppies, were trafficked over 1,500 miles from Romania.
They were just 13 weeks old—under the legal import age—and unvaccinated, mutilated and forced into cramped, stressful conditions.
Their ears had been cropped and their tails docked—all illegal here but still allowed under import loopholes.
Snowy, a heavily pregnant dog, was smuggled during the final 10% of her pregnancy, in breach of current law.
She endured the journey in squalid, dark and suffocating conditions without adequate food or water.
These journeys not only traumatise the animals but endanger the lives of unborn puppies and the mothers carrying them.
I did not have much experience of the importation of animals into our country until my preparations for this and previous debates.
I am aware that in my constituency there is an illegal trade of puppies, which are kept in small, cramped cages outside until they reach the age when they can be sold.
These cruelly treated puppies can be sold for thousands and thousands of pounds.
I hope that part of the work we are doing on the Bill can also look to address that.
On the exploitation of loopholes, we have heard that the current pet travel scheme designed for holidaymakers has been systematically abused by organised puppy traffickers.
Breeders mislabel commercial sales as personal pet movements to sidestep import rules, veterinary checks and regulations.
Smuggling heavily pregnant dogs is a deliberate move, allowing traffickers to appear legitimate by showing the puppies with their mother, deceiving buyers into thinking that the litter was bred responsibly in the UK.
These are not one-off cases.
This is organised animal trafficking, often international in scale, that thrives on weak legislation, poor enforcement and consumer deception.
Without the Bill, we are effectively enabling profit from pain through a loophole-ridden system that is ripe for abuse.
On constituent engagement on this issue, through Battersea alone over 14,680 people across 649 constituencies have contacted their MPs to urge them to support the Bill.
This is a groundswell of support that cuts across party lines.
While I have only had one email from a constituent directly about the Bill, I have had over 87 emails in this Parliament from constituents calling for stronger animal welfare protections.
This speaks to a powerful public mandate.
People are demanding action to end the suffering of trafficked animals and uphold the UK’s reputation as a leader on welfare.
Passing this Bill is the right and compassionate thing to do.
When one thinks of dogs and their close relationship with humans, a good place to start is literature.
A great novel about our relationship with dogs is “White Fang” by Jack London,  a great American socialist writer.
When it comes to cats, I can do no better than Natsume Sōseki, the great Japanese writer who wrote a series of novels about cats observing their human masters with great wit and intelligence.
As a boy, I had three dogs—or rather, my father did.
They were Pistol, Poins and Muttley.
My dad believed that dogs should be named after Shakespearean characters, hence Pistol and Poins, but the balance of power shifted in the family, and then we had Muttley, the Hanna-Barbera dog—though we drew the line at Huckleberry Hound.
Something very important about the dogs is that they were all strays.
They had great emotional difficulty in being able to trust humans because they were mistreated when they were younger.
That is why  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  was right to emphasise the real damage that cruelty to animals can do.
The next-door neighbours have two cats, Butch and Cuddles, and the clue is somewhat in their name; they were stray cats.
Butch took a long time to trust the next-door neighbours and my family and I, but he does trust us now.
If animals suffer cruelty when they are young, it causes long-term psychological damage.
I am delighted that the Bill extends to Scotland.
This House should not be afraid to legislate for the welfare of people or animals in Scotland, so I commend the hon.
Member for Winchester for seeking to legislate for Scotland; it is very important to my constituents.
We have the Dogs Trust in Broomhouse in my constituency, which my good friend Councillor Lalley took me to visit.
The people there do a huge amount of good work with stray dogs.
May I take a moment to mention Dobermann Rescue, based in my constituency, which also does fantastic work?
I am sure my hon.
Friend will join me in commending its work.
I will join my hon.
Friend in commending the work of that Dobermann charity.
Dogs like Dobermanns and German shepherds have a certain reputation, but they are very kind, loving and loyal, so I commend work that is done to help Dobermanns.
There is a great deal of support in my constituency for the Bill, which has many important elements.
Restricting the commercial importation and non-commercial movement of dogs, cats and ferrets into the UK on the grounds of welfare is an important objective.
As the Bill is implemented, which I hope it will be, we must redouble our efforts to bring to people’s attention how wrong the importation of these animals is.
The hon.
Member for Winchester mentioned campaigns on social media, and he was entirely correct to do so.
The scale of the problem is large.
People are importing these animals for commercial gain, and it involves a great deal of cruelty.
There has been a rise in the market for pregnant dogs and cats to be brought in.
The hon.
Member was right to talk about the mutilation of animals.
People have known for decades, if not longer, that the mutilation of animals—tail docking and so on—is cruel and wrong and should not be taking place in this day and age.
It is utterly barbaric.
The Bill is very important for public health, as  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  said—dogs that have not been tested for diseases will not be able to come here—and it will help to fulfil  Labour party manifesto pledges on animal welfare.
It will also improve enforcement.
I have some experience of that from talking to former colleagues, and the Bill will make it much easier to enforce certain elements of existing animal cruelty laws, for example on the mutilation of dogs.
That is very important.
Mention has been made of dogs on Twitter feeds during the general election campaign.
I admit that, during the campaign and for many months beforehand, I too had a hobby of taking pictures of dogs and posting them on Twitter.
I have got out of the habit, so I thank the hon.
Member for Winchester for reminding me that it is quite a pleasant thing to do.
It is probably better for my constituents, too; they probably find it much more interesting than my political comments and other interesting observations I may have.
They may, in fact, come to the view that I am more perceptive and expert on dogs than on politics, although I hope they will not find that out for another five years or so.
As a vet, the hon.
Member for Winchester speaks from a position of real expertise.
He outlined why the Bill is important, and he is to be commended for bringing it to the House.
I rise to support this vital Bill, and I commend  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  for bringing it to the House.
As all Members will know, animal welfare is a major concern for our constituents, and nowhere is that more true than Bolton West.
The Bill has been long awaited, and I am delighted that this Parliament will finally deliver where previous Parliaments were unable to deliver.
We are a nation of animal lovers, and it should be a point of pride that, to reflect that, we strive to have the toughest animal welfare protections anywhere in the world.
My mailbox and postbag reflect the animal welfare concerns that I have and that we have heard during the debate.
Dean, a constituent of mine in Daisy Hill, emailed to say: “According to respondents to the Cats Protection Cats and Their Stats (CATS) 2024 survey, 4% of the cats that were obtained in the 12 months preceding the survey were from abroad.
The importation of cats and dogs with mutilations (such as declawing and ear cropping), lack of vaccinations and health checks, and dangerous transport conditions present a significant risk to animal welfare.”
We know that the UK’s biosecurity is compromised by pet smuggling, given that animals may carry transmittable diseases such as rabies and tapeworm, which put both humans and animals at risk.
The rising price of cats, in particular pedigrees, means that illegally importing cats is becoming increasingly lucrative for criminals.
Cats Protection statistics show that 45% of the cats obtained in the past 12 months were pedigree; for the first time, more pedigree cats than moggies were acquired in a 12-month period.
The Bill is a vital opportunity to put in place the measures to tackle pet smuggling that could not complete their passage in the last Parliament.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in thanking the volunteers across Cats Protection and at Edinburgh Dog and Cat Home for the work that they do every day to keep rescued animals safe?
Does he agree that those charities need our help and support, and that the Bill will help to amplify the work that they do?
I will also put it on the record that I had two rescue animals—a cat and a dog—who both lived to 19 years of age.
Sadly, they are no longer with us, but for the sake of Hansard I want to mention their names: Cannie and Roohi.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to talk about the critical work of animal welfare charities across the country.
They can make such a difference.
Diane in Ladybridge emailed to say: “This Bill is a major step forward in improving the lives of animals.”
She is delighted that it will make it “much harder to exploit pet travel rules to illegally traffic puppies and kittens bred in horrific conditions overseas into the UK.”
She also noted: “Dogs and cats involved in bad breeding—whether they’re used for breeding, or bred poorly themselves—don’t have a fair chance in life.
They’re more likely to have health problems, and poor socialisation means they can struggle with life as a pet.”
I am really pleased that the Bill will finally close a loophole to address the issue of dogs and cats with illegal mutilations such as cropped ears or docked tails and help to bring down demand for those features.
We have spoken about the social media impact.
It is incumbent on us as parliamentarians and figures in public life to continue to drive public awareness about why those procedures are mutilations and the adverse impacts they have on the animals and, frankly, society as a whole.
I am really pleased that the Bill will make it much harder to exploit pet travel rules to traffic illegally puppies, kittens and ferrets bred in horrific conditions overseas into the UK.
Sadly, these activities can involve gangs who are associated with serious organised crime, which I am personally keen on tackling during my time in Parliament.
By bringing in tougher restrictions, we can protect animal welfare and also cut a source of criminal income—an issue that, one way or another, I continue to raise in this House.
While cats and dogs are overwhelmingly the most popular pets in this country, it would be remiss of me, as a northern MP, not to reference the humble ferret, mentioned by my hon.
Friends the Members for Watford (Matt Turmaine) and for Northampton South (Mike Reader).
Ferrets are a northern icon.
On that topic, our other northern icons, Oasis, are today reforming for their first gig in 16 years.
To conclude, having listened to my constituents on the vital importance of protecting animal welfare, it is fair to say that both they and I are “mad fer ret”.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  on bringing forward this Bill.
A year on from the general election, it is nice to have one of those days when there is a sequence of Bills that we can all get behind and support and that should do great good for animals in this country and, hopefully, for some of the humans as well.
When I gave my maiden speech, I highlighted that my predecessor and I—in keeping with convention, I said something nice about him—are both vegetarians and that animal welfare is a cause that is close to both of our hearts.
If we look at most of his time in office, we can see his extensive efforts around animal welfare.
My  contribution has been far more limited, in part because of the number of constituency issues that I felt needed to take priority during that time, but I am pleased to be here today to support this measure to improve the wellbeing of animals.
I recall a written question my predecessor asked that slightly relates to today’s debate, and it was in relation to the importation and exportation of reindeer from the United Kingdom.
Thanks to that question, we are now aware that in 2020 and in 2021, there were two imports of reindeer and one export of reindeer.
Presumably, Santa’s sleigh has separate licensing arrangements in the United Kingdom.
Import controls have a significant role to play in my constituency.
Crawley constituency is home to Gatwick airport, and its animal reception centre gives people the important ability to relocate with their pets and also to bring more exotic animals into the United Kingdom.
Local authorities also have a significant role to play in these processes.
During my time as a councillor, I saw a number of requests for permits for exotic animals, resulting in somewhat confusing conversations about why someone really needed a full-sized crocodile in the middle of a housing estate.
That licence was not approved.
The hon.
Member for Winchester is to be commended for bringing forward this Bill, and the House is privileged to benefit from his extensive professional experience in understanding the important role that the Bill will play in preventing animal abuse and, hopefully, enhancing wider animal welfare.
We are a nation of animal lovers, and we should feel proud that the legislative framework in this country is already world-leading.
Despite all the measures we have in place, I think Members would agree, given the range of correspondence we get from our constituents, that there are probably more separate campaigns on animal welfare than on any other policy area—that has certainly been my experience.
It is important that we do not rest on our laurels.
We must accept that the job is not done and that, as technology moves things forward, additional measures will need to be put in place to improve animal wellbeing.
The issue of social media and animal abuse online has been raised in the debate, and the hon.
Member for Winchester outlined the role that influencers have to play.
In addition, there are far too many groups online that are dedicated to animal abuse.
Constituents of mine have attempted to shut down such groups, but rather than being supported by social media companies in trying to address the problems, they have instead found themselves reported by the perpetrators of the abuse and have faced having their own accounts shut down and being left without the support they need to bring the networks of abuse to an end.
The worst examples of that type of animal abuse that I am aware of were brought up with me in a constituency surgery, and they relate to the torture of baby monkeys, which are chosen because when they are put in a baby grow, people can convince themselves that they are a baby.
Although that is clearly illegal already, the current requirements on social media companies to act are insufficient.
I will not burden the House by informing hon.
Members of the things that I now know about what happens to those monkeys; all I can say is that  after my constituents left, I spent some minutes dealing with the tears about what had happened to those monkeys.
We must do better around this, and I very much hope that moving forward we are able to do so.
I enthusiastically support the Bill, but we cannot rest on our laurels.
Meta must be made to answer for not acting to bring an end to animal abuse on its networks and for its active profiting from the advertising that appears on those networks.
Advertisers must be made aware that part of what they are paying for when they advertise on Facebook is the maintenance of animal abuse networks.
I hope advertisers think more carefully about that in the future.
I am proud to speak in this debate as the Member of Parliament for Portsmouth North—a seat I did not hold this time last year, but proudly hold today, although technically not for a year until 4.30 tomorrow morning.
I want to speak today in strong support of the Bill.
It is a vital step forward in our duty to protect animals from cruelty and exploitation.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Dr Chambers)  for introducing the Bill and for his service as a vet.
I know the city of Winchester well, as I did my teaching degree at King Alfred’s College.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Northampton South (Mike Reader) , Winchester will always have a special place in my heart, particularly Jesters, a pub I worked in for many years, although it does not exist any more.
Portsmouth is a city that cares.
Many of my constituents have shared their heartbreak at hearing of how young animals are brought into the UK sometimes under age, unwell and traumatised, just to be sold for profit.
The Bill addresses that.
It bans the importation of puppies and kittens under the age of six months.
It stops the transportation of heavily pregnant animals and prohibits the import of animals that have undergone unnecessary mutilations such as ear cropping or declawing; those practices are outlawed in the UK but are still far too common abroad.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Peter Lamb) , I believe that social media platforms and influencers should do more to stop that.
These reforms are not only overdue; they are essential.
In Portsmouth, we are fortunate to have a number of deeply committed local charities that deal with the consequences of these inhumane practices.
I would like to pay tribute to some of those charities.
Those at Cats Protection’s Portsmouth branch work tirelessly to rescue, rehabilitate and rehome abandoned or abused cats across the city.
Its volunteers provide vital neutering and microchipping services, which help to reduce the stray population and improve feline welfare.
They frequently take in cats that have come from unsuitable backgrounds, some of which are linked to international trafficking or illegal sales.
I also want to recognise Portsmouth Cats Lost, Found and Rehomed, which is led by the inspirational Penny Parker.
Since 2013, the group has reunited countless lost cats with their families, offered shelter to strays and provided veterinary care to those in desperate need.
Its small but mighty rescue cabin, Penny’s place, is a beacon of hope for animals who might otherwise just have been left to suffer.
I also applaud Portsmouth Tortoise Rescue in Cosham.
Although it does not support cats, dogs or ferrets, it has recently received national recognition for its outstanding work in exotic animal welfare, and Bernice Buckingham and her team of trustees and volunteers do an excellent job.
Their educational programme and specialist care have made Portsmouth Tortoise Rescue a trusted name not only in Portsmouth but across the south.
Finally, Phoenix Rehoming has won awards, including animal rescue of the year 2024 and most dedicated pet rehoming service 2024, and I wish the team luck with their nomination for animal charity team of the year 2025.
Phoenix Rehoming has a strong footprint in Portsmouth.
It works with foster families and communities to rescue and rehome dogs, many of whom have been illegally imported or abandoned after being smuggled as part of this illicit trade.
These organisations are doing heroic work, but they should not have to shoulder the burden of weak regulation and criminal cruelty.
By tightening important laws, this Bill reduces the risk of trafficked animals entering the UK and ensures a greater oversight, through veterinary checks, microchipping and enforcement powers.
It also protects families in Portsmouth, who often fork out quite a lot of money for these pets and then find they have been sold sick animals, with fake papers, and are left not only heartbroken but facing thousands of pounds in vet bills.
The legislation is not just about animal welfare, but community resilience.
It gives our local charities a fighting chance, pet owners peace of mind and, most importantly, vulnerable animals the protections they deserve.
I represent a city that believes in fairness, compassion and responsibility, so I am proud to support the Bill on behalf of the people of Portsmouth North.
Let us put an end to cruelty at our borders and build a country that treats all living beings with dignity.