The vibrant Hispanic influence can be seen in all aspects of American

life and culture, and especially in Houston, Harris County and Texas,

and from distinctive cuisine to colorful festivals, and from the

rhythms and melodies of traditional music to the contagious beat of

today's most popular songs.
The Hispanic community has persevered in the face of discrimination

and hardships.
While significant barriers still stand in our way, I will continue

fighting with a strong commitment to achieve comprehensive immigration

reform and to support an inclusive and unified country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHIEF GARY GACEK OF CONCORD, NORTH CAROLINA FOR HIS MANY YEARS

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize and

congratulate Chief Gary Gacek on his retirement from the Concord Police

Department and to honor his many years of faithful service to the

people of Concord, North Carolina.
Gacek began his career in law enforcement with the Milwaukee Police

Department.
where he served in a variety of roles over the course of 25

years.
He began his role as Chief of Police of the Concord Police

Department in July 2015.
Under his leadership, Concord became one of

the safest cities in the state, with crime

rates hitting their lowest levels in over twenty years.
Gacek implemented numerous reforms and initiatives that helped

modernize the department, reduce crime and develop the community.
Some

of these reforms include the implementation of an evidence-based

community policing strategy.
updating the department's technology and

information systems, expanding the department's analytical and

intelligence capabilities.
and developing several community engagement

initiatives, among many others.
Perhaps one of his greatest initiatives

was the creation of the Concord Police Foundation, which supports

Concord Police Department employees and their families and helps make

Concord a safer community to live and work.
Gacek established this

program in 2021 in honor of Concord Officer Jason Shuping who was

tragically killed in the line of duty on December 16, 2020.
I have known Chief Gacek for many years and witnessed firsthand the

tremendous work he has done for the people of Concord.
I am proud to

call him my friend and know I speak for the whole community when I wish

him well in this next chapter of his life.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, please join me today in congratulating Gary

Gacek on his retirement and to thank him for his many years of

dedicated service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SUZANNE SMITH

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today,

along with my colleague, Rep. Jared Huffman, to honor Suzanne Smith for

her dedicated service to the Sonoma County Transportation Authority and

Regional Climate Protection Authority where she worked to build both

agencies from the ground up.
Ms. Smith received her Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science

from the University of California, San Diego, where she also studied

urban planning.
Suzanne would later receive her Master of Arts degree

in Public Administration from the University of San Francisco.
The Sonoma County Transit Authority (SCTA) and the Regional Climate

Protection Authority (RCPA) represent Sonoma County and the area's nine

cities.
They work together to balance the interests of each local

government while spearheading transit projects, and climate protection

initiatives.
Ms. Smith was hired as the SCTA's first independent

executive director in 1997 and later was assigned to lead RCPA as well.
Since then, she has grown the team to sixteen curated employees, and

worked tirelessly to implement crucial transportation and climate

projects and programs in Sonoma County and the North Bay.
Ms. Smith led the organizational process that created the Measure M

Traffic Relief Act (Measure M).
She worked to include it on the 2004

ballot and to ensure it passed.