Ralph, an exceptional leader with fourty years of

dedicated service to UNICO at all levels, currently serves as its

Executive Vice President and Chairman of the UNICO National Columbus

Day Committee.
Throughout his tenure, he has been recognized for his

unwavering commitment and received prestigious awards, including the

Dr. Anthony P. Vastola Gold Medal Award and the Outstanding District

Governor Award.
Born and raised in Italy, Ralph's deep connection to

Italian heritage has shaped his remarkable journey.
Beyond UNICO, Ralph

actively participates in several Italian American organizations,

holding esteemed positions such as Treasurer/Executive Director at the

Tri-State Italian American Congress and serving on the Board of

Trustees for The Columbians.
His dedication was further recognized with

the honorable title of Cavaliere by the President of the Republic of

Italy.
As District Governor of New Jersey Districts Six and Seven,

Ralph received the ``Outstanding'' and ``Distinguished'' UNICO National

District Governor Awards, recognizing his outstanding leadership and

dedicated efforts in managing the chapters within each district.
Today,

as the proud owner of Ralph A. Contini, CPA, LLC in Paramus, he

provides top-tier accounting, tax, consulting, and financial planning

services.
Now residing Hackensack with his family, Ralph finds joy and

fulfillment in his family life and values the support they provide as

he continues to make a meaningful impact to their community.
His legacy

as an outstanding leader and advocate Italian heritage stands as a

testament to his deep commitment and passion to the cause.
Congratulations to Ralph for his induction as National President at

UNICO and I thank him for his dedication to his community.
God Bless

Ralph Contini and God Bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MAYOR JOSEPH THALLEMER'S SERVICE TO WARSAW, INDIANA

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I am proud to recognize and

congratulate Mayor Joseph Thallemer, who is completing his tenure of

dedicated service to Warsaw.
Indiana at the end of this year.
Currently serving in his third term as Mayor.
Joe Thallemer has long

advocated solutions that make Warsaw a better place to live, work, and

raise a family, and that maintain and build on Warsaw's status as the

Medical Device and Orthopedic Capital of the World.
Prior to becoming Mayor.
Joe Thallemer also served on the City

Council and the Warsaw Plan Commission, meaning his record of

faithfully serving Warsaw runs nearly three decades deep.
Beyond City Hall, many Hoosiers know Joe through his Optometry

practice that he established in Warsaw in 1980.
Outside of his medical practice and elected office, Joe has also

given back to the community he and his wife Jill call home by serving

on the local YMCA board as well as in church and school activities with

Jill and their four children.
As he prepares to step down as Mayor, spend more time with his

family, and write the next chapter of his life, I am proud to

congratulate Joe Thallemer on a distinguished career and a job well

done.
The Warsaw community is unquestionably better off thanks to this

good man with a servant's heart.
I join Hoosiers throughout Indiana's Second Congressional District in

expressing our gratitude to Mayor Thallemer for his service and in

wishing him and his wonderful family nothing but the very best going

forward.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF DANIELLE ``DANI'' DUGGAN

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today in honor of the

life of Danielle ``Dani'' Duggan.
Born on May 7, 1966, Dani was raised in Middleborough, Massachusetts,

where she found a passion for the arts at a young age.