The sessions concluded with presenting the 2023 `Women for Peace and

Security' award to Leader of Democratic Belarus Sviatlana

Tsikhanouskaya who courageously works for a democratic Belarus and

political prisoner release including her husband.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NOAH BROWN

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I celebrate the

accomplishments of Noah Quinton Brown and his recent achievement of the

rank of Eagle Scout.
Noah began scouting at the age of five, following

in the footsteps of four generations of family before him.
Now, having

reached the highest rank in scouting, we celebrate his achievements.
During his time in the Scouts, Noah has participated in countless

fundraising and community service activities along with many different

camping and hiking adventures.
In July of 2022, Noah completed a 60-

mile Trek at Philmont Scout Ranch in Cimarron, New Mexico where he

achieved the Boy Scout 50 miler award.
For his Eagle Scout Project, he

built benches, a water station, and rehabilitated a pavilion for use by

spectators at cycling events put on by Camp Edge in Alloway, South

Jersey.
His remains active in the scouts with his current position of

Junior Assistant Scoutmaster at Troop 60 in Daretown, South Jersey.
Noah is now a junior at Woodstown High School, consistently earning his

way on to the

Honor Roll.
Outside of scouting, he is an athlete on his school's

Varsity Track and Field team and a volunteer at his church, all while

maintaining a job at a local farm.
Along with his Eagle Scout award,

Noah will be presented with the Bronze and Gold palms for his

remarkable leadership and his willingness to accept responsibility.
I

am incredibly proud of Noah for all his accomplishments in the Scouts

and I know he has a bright future ahead of him.
God Bless Noah and God

Bless the United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NOAH WERTZBERGER

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I celebrate the

accomplishments of Noah Wertzberger and his recent achievement of the

rank of Eagle Scout.
Noah embarked on his scouting journey as a K-cub

during his kindergarten years.
Throughout his scouting experience, he

remained actively involved and just recently completed his Eagle

Project in October.
His project involved the removal of two Osprey

nests situated on the Great Egg Harbor Watershed.
Once those were

removed, he constructed and installed replacement Osprey Nests with the

help of the Great Egg Harbor Watershed Association.
Noah is extremely

grateful for Troop Seventy-Nine and the Boy Scouts for imparting

invaluable lessons and fostering friendships.
After achieving the

prestigious rank of Eagle Scout, he now serves as an assistant

scoutmaster, providing ongoing assistance to the Troop.
In the upcoming

fall, he will be attending Seton Hall University.
Noah should be

incredibly proud of his accomplishments, and I know he has a bright

future ahead of him.
God Bless Noah Wertzberger and God Bless the

United States of America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RALPH CONTINI

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, it is my honor and privilege

to commemorate the induction of Ralph Contini as the National President

of UNICO National.
Ralph, an exceptional leader with fourty years of

dedicated service to UNICO at all levels, currently serves as its

Executive Vice President and Chairman of the UNICO National Columbus

Day Committee.
Throughout his tenure, he has been recognized for his

unwavering commitment and received prestigious awards, including the

Dr. Anthony P. Vastola Gold Medal Award and the Outstanding District

Governor Award.
Born and raised in Italy, Ralph's deep connection to

Italian heritage has shaped his remarkable journey.