She is also an

active member of the church, where she volunteers and gives back to

those in need.
Through her church she has organized the annual backpack

drive for underprivileged children and numerous food giveaways.
During

the COVID-19 Pandemic she donated, prepared, and delivered baskets of

food and supplies to seniors.
In addition, she volunteers to cook and

serve meals for the unhoused in the parks throughout Richmond.
Marinda's compassion, selflessness, and dedication serve as an

inspiration to all who meet her.
On behalf of the people of

California's 8th Congressional District, it is my pleasure to honor and

recognize Marinda Elaine Keith for her positive contributions to our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NATO SUPPORTS UKRAINE AND ISRAEL

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, this past

weekend, I was grateful to participate with the U.S. Delegation for the

NATO Parliamentary Assembly in Copenhagen, Denmark, led by Delegation

Chairman Mike Turner and Assembly former President Gerry Connolly.
On Friday, the focus was on war criminal Putin's murderous invasion

of Ukraine.
NATO and the European Union have surpassed America with aid

for Ukraine and incredibly Finland is now a NATO member with an 830-

mile border with Russia, as Sweden gives up 200 years of neutrality to

stop dictators.
The West is united as never before in history to

protect democracies.
On Saturday, with the sadistic invasion of Israel, there was

extraordinary unanimity supporting Israel's territorial integrity.
Clearly the axis of dictatorships of Putin, the regime in Tehran, and

the Chinese Communist Party, had collaborated again with the invasion

from Gaza.
Sadly, the war we did not choose, Dictatorship with Rule of

Gun against Democracies with Rule of Law, is proceeding and must be

faced with Peace Through Strength.
On Sunday, Resolutions were presented from the five standing

committees with amendments to be considered with debate.
Parliamentarian Michal Szczerba of Poland presented Towards

Reconstruction of Ukraine emphasizing payment by seized Russia assets,

while Parliamentarian Njall Fridbertsson of Iceland explained

Enhancement of Protection of allied critical maritime infrastructure.
Senator Rodrigue Demeuse of Belgium proposed the resolution on

Protecting Allied Democracies from Disinformation with provisions for

addressing war crimes.
Assemblyman Utku Cakirozer of Turkiye explained

implementing NATO's new Deterrence and Defense Baseline.
It is crucial

we continue to stand with Turkiye as it is attacked by terrorists, just

as we defeat the barbarian terrorists of Gaza.
MP Alec Shelbrooke of

Britain presented a Resolution Strengthening Stability and Security to

the Black Sea Region following Russia's invasion, emphasizing grain

deliveries for Egypt and African countries which are being destroyed by

war criminal Putin.
On Monday, unanimously provided statements were issued supporting

Israel as Iran's chants of Death to Israel, Death to America unfolded.
Resolutions previously presented unanimously of 27 countries present

were inspiring for the courageous citizens of Ukraine and Israel.
There

was unprecedented solidarity for freedom, democracy, and rule of law.
Stirring addresses were made of determined support for Ukraine and

Israel for territorial integrity by NATO Parliamentary Assembly

President Michal Szczerba, Danish Parliamentary Speaker Soren Gade

compared the Hamas attack to 9/11 and Pearl Harbor, Danish Prime

Minister Mette Frederiksen expressed concern that many are naive as to

Russia and China, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy praised

Israel's resolve and thanked all for help to Ukraine, Deputy Secretary

General of NATO Mircea Geoana cited Europeans killed by Iran proxy

Hamas in Israel, with NATO Supreme Allied Commander Transformation

General Philippe Lavigne emphasizing importance of all countries to

reach two percent for defense to achieve Peace Through Peace.
The sessions concluded with presenting the 2023 `Women for Peace and

Security' award to Leader of Democratic Belarus Sviatlana

Tsikhanouskaya who courageously works for a democratic Belarus and

political prisoner release including her husband.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NOAH BROWN

HON.
JEFFERSON VAN DREW

Mr. VAN DREW.