Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Lisa Tinbrink Howard as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Lisa is a

leader who serves her community through her work, advocacy, and

volunteer efforts.
Early in her career.
Lisa worked as an engineer,

where she broke down barriers and was a trailblazer for other female

engineers.
She later founded Tolenas Winery, which she operates with

her husband in the Suisun Valley.
There they provide wine education and

help others understand the invaluable contributions of local

agriculture to our community.
Lisa has served on the Solano County

Agricultural Advisory Committee and is Secretary of the Suisun Valley

Vinters and Growers Association where she works with elected officials

to advocate for farmers and winemakers.
Furthermore, Lisa serves her

community through her volunteer work, which includes work with the

local 4H, advocating for women in the wine and agricultural industries,

and supporting military personnel.
She is also a proud and caring

mother of three children and inspires others with her dedication to her

faith.
family, business, advocacy, and community service.
On behalf of

the people of California's 8th Congressional District.
it is my

pleasure to honor and recognize Lisa Tinbrink Howard for her positive

contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: MARGARET KOLK

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Margaret Kolk as she is honored as one of California's

8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Maggie is a passionate

public servant who demonstrates a tireless dedication to serving her

community.
For the past nine years, Maggie has served as Chair of the

Benicia Human Services Board, directing funding to local nonprofits

that serve low-income Benicia residents and improving funding for city

agencies.
She is also the Secretary of Sustainable Solano, an

environmental organization championing renewable energy and sustainable

food production services.
Along with her public service, Maggie has

demonstrated equal dedication to serving her community through her

volunteer work and political activism.
For the past three years, Maggie

has served as manager of the Benicia Community Garden helping to

maintain an important resource that brings local sustainable food to

Benicia residents.
In 2016.
Maggie co-founded Progressive Democrats of

Benicia, now the city's largest political organization, and is

currently spearheading a local ballot initiative to raise revenues to

fix Benicia roads.
She is known to never back down from the toughest

challenges and to always offer her complete commitment to any

undertaking.
On behalf of the people of California's 8th Congressional

District, it is my pleasure to honor and recognize Margaret Kolk for

her positive contributions to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 2023 WOMEN OF THE YEAR: MARINDA ELAINE KEITH

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

contributions of Marinda Elaine Keith as she is honored as one of

California's 8th Congressional District's Women of the Year.
Marinda

has been a community leader and owner of Marinda's Family Daycare for

decades.
After operating her daycare center for 35 years.
she has

served roughly 400 children and families.
She is passionate about

educating every child in her care and works to ensure that every child

receives food, education.
and the support they need.
Her love and

commitment to the children she cares for is evident in the educational

and career pursuits her students have accomplished.
She is also an

active member of the church, where she volunteers and gives back to

those in need.
Through her church she has organized the annual backpack

drive for underprivileged children and numerous food giveaways.
During

the COVID-19 Pandemic she donated, prepared, and delivered baskets of

food and supplies to seniors.