During his military career, he

earned 2 Bronze Stars for exemplary service and was awarded the Army

Commendation Medal, Vietnam Service Medal and the Vietnam Campaign

Medal.
Upon his retirement from the Army, in pursuit of further knowledge

and mastery, Russell earned a master's degree in Foundations of

Education and a master's degree in Criminal Justice at Troy State

University, Phenix City branch.
Armed with his additional academic

preparation, Captain Scott embarked upon a second career with the

Georgia Department of Corrections as a counselor and later as Assistant

Superintendent at Rutledge State Prison in Columbus, Georgia, where he

worked with my wife, Vivian Creighton Bishop, who served as

Comptroller.
He retired from the Georgia Department of Corrections

after 17 years of service.
Russell was a man of deep faith and was a devoted member of St. James

AME Church where he served in many capacities including Vice Chair of

the Steward Board, Senior Usher Board, Mass Choir, Sons of Allen, among

others.
He was a proud member of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. for

72 years and was an active member of the Columbus, Georgia Alumni

Chapter.
Moreover, he was actively involved in numerous community

service and humanitarian organizations such as the Southern Poverty Law

Center, NAACP, American Red Cross, and the Urban League.
Always

striving for excellence, he received several awards for his

distinguished community service to include the 2003 Kappa Alpha Psi

Columbus Alumni Chapter Man of the Year; 2004 AJ McClung award for

meritorious service presented by the men of St. James AME Church; the

2017 Chattahoochee Valley Veterans Association Veteran of the Year

Award and in January 2019 the St. James AME Church Sons of Allen Man of

the Year Award.
Russell Scott was a family man and was first united in marriage to

the late Loris Brooks.
Together, they had three children, LaReese

Vines, Tina Scott-Morgan and Russell J. Scott, Jr. After Loris's

passing in 1999, he found love again with Ruth Glenn Scott, whom he

married in 2001 and welcomed bonus children, Regina Stokes and Clifford

Glenn.
Russell loved his blended family and was a doting grandfather to

grandchildren Russell J. Scott, III, Marissa D. Morgan and Rysen Jai

Scott, along with several bonus grandchildren.
On a personal note, Russell Scott was a dear friend to my wife,

Vivian, and me for many years.
He was my Brother in the Bond of Kappa

Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc. and truly exemplified our motto of Phi Nu

Pi.
During his life, he did so much for so many for so long.
Truly, we

and the world are better because of him.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives

to join Vivian and me, along with the more than 765,000 people of

Georgia's Second Congressional District, in honoring the life and

legacy of Captain (Ret.)
Russell James Scott, Sr.
and in extending our

deepest sympathy to his family, friends, fraternity brothers and all

who mourn his loss.
We pray that all will be consoled and comforted by

an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the weeks, months, and years

ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REBECCA HERMOSILLO

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor my

Senior District Representative, Rebecca Hermosillo, as she embarks on a

new chapter of public service.
Rebecca has made history as the first

Latina elected to the Sonoma County Board of Supervisors, and I have no

doubt she will continue to serve our community with the same tenacity,

compassion, and dedication that have defined her career.
Born to Mexican immigrants in the Sonoma Valley, Rebecca was raised

on the Leveroni Dairy.
As the youngest of seven children, Rebecca

learned early on the values of hard work and determination.