Rebecca has made history as the first

Latina elected to the Sonoma County Board of Supervisors, and I have no

doubt she will continue to serve our community with the same tenacity,

compassion, and dedication that have defined her career.
Born to Mexican immigrants in the Sonoma Valley, Rebecca was raised

on the Leveroni Dairy.
As the youngest of seven children, Rebecca

learned early on the values of hard work and determination.
Her

parents, Camilo and Maria, instilled in her a deep respect for her

heritage, as well as a sense of responsibility for her community.
After

becoming a mother at a young age, Rebecca was determined to complete

her education.
She earned her GED in 1991, becoming the first in her

family to graduate from college, achieving a bachelor's degree in

public administration from Park University.
Rebecca's commitment to community service then began with her role as

Executive Director of the Valley of the Moon Teen Center, where she

provided a safe and supportive space for at-risk youth.
Under her

leadership, the center created innovative programs like ``Outdoors to

Excellence,'' ``Skills for Life,'' and ``Lovin' Oven,'' all designed to

help teens develop practical skills, foster confidence, and cultivate a

sense of belonging.
Her dedication to our teens of Sonoma Valley, and

her hands-on approach, made a lasting difference in the lives of

countless young people.
In 2013, Rebecca joined my team, beginning as a Constituent Services

Representative and rising to the role of Senior District

Representative.
Her service to our district over the last decade has

been defined by her ability to connect with constituents and resolve

their issues that have earned her deep respect from both her colleagues

and her community.
Over the course of her tenure, Rebecca personally

handled 2,868 cases for our constituents and helped recoup

$4,734,703.82 for our district.
Rebecca's fluency in Spanish and her

understanding of Sonoma County's Latino population has made her an

invaluable advocate, particularly for constituents navigating complex

immigration issues, DACA renewals, and access to government services.
With her recent election to the Sonoma County Board of Supervisors,

Rebecca has made history becoming the first Latina to serve on the

board.
She steps into this role at a pivotal time, representing our

First District, which includes a significant portion of Sonoma County's

Latino community.
Rebecca's priorities include expanding access to

county services, offering evening office hours at the new County

Services Center, and bridging gaps in representation for residents in

unincorporated areas like The Springs.
Mr. Speaker, my staff, and the people of our district are deeply

grateful for Rebecca Hermosillo's years of service to our community.
It

is my honor to recognize her extraordinary achievements and to commend

her dedication to public service.
We are excited to see all she will

accomplish in this new chapter of her career, and we are confident that

she will continue to be a voice for positive change and equity in our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING UPVALLEY FAMILY CENTERS

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

UpValley Family Centers for their 25th anniversary and outstanding

service in promoting equity and access to social resources throughout

Napa County.
Since its founding in 1999, UpValley Family Centers have supported

working families in the greater Calistoga and St. Helena area, offering

prevention and intervention services at a local level.
They serve over

4,000 people annually.
Last year, ninety-four percent of those served

fell below the median income for Napa County.
Sixty percent were women,

and fifty-six percent were Spanish speakers.
The family center itself

provides a variety of programs from assisting residents with accessing

health insurance and housing resources to playgroups and family

support.
UpValley also collaborates with over 40 partner organizations

to help engage residents and increase access to services locally.
Over their 25 years of service, UpValley Family Centers' programs

have made significant long-term impacts.