Title: COMMEMORATING THE CHICKAHOMINY INDIAN TRIBE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
176

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE CHICKAHOMINY INDIAN TRIBE

HON.
JENNIFER L. McCLELLAN

Ms. McCLELLAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

Chickahominy Indian Tribe in Charles City, Virginia.
In 1607, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe was one of the few tribes to

encounter settlers from the first permanent English settlement of

Jamestown.
The tribe helped the English survive and adapt to local

conditions, trading food and teaching them how to grow and preserve

crops.
The Chickahominy Tribe originally lived in permanent villages

along the Chickahominy River.
Eventually, the English displaced the Chickahominy people and set

aside land for them in the Pamunkey Neck area of Virginia through the

Treaty of 1646.
Slowly, the Chickahominy people migrated to the

Chickahominy Ridge, an area between Richmond and Williamsburg only a

few miles from one of their original 1607 village sides, where they now

reside.
In 1924, Virginia's Racial Integrity Act created some of the most

severe segregation policies in the nation.
This act effectively erased

Indians from official records, reclassifying them from Indian to

`Colored.'
This erasure made it impossible for many years for Virginian

Indian tribes to gain federal recognition, as they could not document

ancestral continuity.
In 2018, the Thomasina E. Jordan Indian Tribes of Virginia Federal

Recognition Act granted federal recognition to six Indian tribes of

Virginia, including the Chickahominy Tribe.
This recognition provides

the tribe with the legal, economic and cultural tools necessary to

maintain their sovereignty and preserve their heritage.
The Chickahominy Tribe is woven into the culture of the Charles City

community.
As the intersection of centuries of history and culture, the

Chickahominy people are pivotal to the identity of the area.
Today, the

Chickahominy Tribe remains a vibrant and active part of Charles City

through their traditions, language and cultural heritage.
The legacy of the Chickahominy Tribe is a vital component of

Virginia's past and present.
In honor of Native American Heritage

Month, I recognize the important history and contributions of the

Chickahominy Indian Tribe.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CAPTAIN (RET.)
RUSSELL J. SCOTT, SR.
HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and

solemn remembrance that I rise today to honor and celebrate the life

and legacy of an extraordinary husband, father, grandfather, military

officer, counselor, fraternity brother, friend of longstanding and a

man of deep faith, Captain (Ret.)
Russell J. Scott, Sr.
Sadly, Russell

transitioned from labor to reward on Friday, November 22, 2024, at the

age of 91.
Russell J. Scott, Sr.
was born in Quitman, Georgia, on December 3,

1932, to the union of Robert J. Scott and Ezell Hollis Scott.
He

received his primary and secondary education in the public schools of

Brooks and Ware Counties in Georgia.
After graduating from Central High

School in Waycross, Georgia, he matriculated at North Carolina A&T in

Greensboro, North Carolina, where he earned a Bachelor of Science

Degree in General Science.
He joined the United States Army where he

served for 23 years exemplifying the Army Values of loyalty, duty,

respect, selfless service, integrity, honor, and personal courage--

retiring with the rank of Captain.
During his military career, he

earned 2 Bronze Stars for exemplary service and was awarded the Army

Commendation Medal, Vietnam Service Medal and the Vietnam Campaign

Medal.
Upon his retirement from the Army, in pursuit of further knowledge

and mastery, Russell earned a master's degree in Foundations of

Education and a master's degree in Criminal Justice at Troy State

University, Phenix City branch.
Armed with his additional academic

preparation, Captain Scott embarked upon a second career with the

Georgia Department of Corrections as a counselor and later as Assistant

Superintendent at Rutledge State Prison in Columbus, Georgia, where he

worked with my wife, Vivian Creighton Bishop, who served as

Comptroller.