Firearm injury is the leading cause of death for children and young

adults in the United States.
Although American children are ``twice as likely to be shot and

killed as they are to die drowning,'' there are more safety regulations

for pools than gun storage according to a report by Everytown for Gun

Safety.
Every year, almost 20,000 children are shot and killed or wounded by

a firearm, and 3 million are exposed to gun violence.
One in three U.S. households with children have firearms and firearms

accounted for nearly 19 percent of childhood deaths in 2021, a 50

percent increase since 2019.
On average, 9 minors are killed by improperly stored or misused guns

every day.
In my home state of Texas, more than 4,000 Texans are shot and killed

each year.
Safe storage practices are critically important to keep firearms away

from dangerous individuals and to keep children and families safe from

senseless gun violence.
In the last decade, nearly 2 million firearms have been reported

stolen.
Between 2010 and 2016, police recovered more than 23,000 stolen

firearms that were used to commit kidnapping, armed robberies, sexual

assaults, murders, and other violent crimes.
An estimated 4.6 million minors live in homes with at least one

unlocked, loaded firearm; on average, 9 children are killed by

improperly stored or misused guns every day.
The passage of the Brady Bill reminds us that bold action to prevent

gun violence is possible.
Americans should be safe from gun violence in their homes and

neighborhoods.
Americans should not be shot at Super Bowl parades.
Americans should not be shot in their schools.
Americans should not be shot at their places of worship.
It is simply unconscionable that guns are now the leading cause of

death of children and teens in America.
Just two years ago, I joined Congress in passing the Bipartisan Safer

Communities Act, the first major gun violence prevention law since the

Brady Bill.
Already, this legislation is saving lives, but we need bolder action.
It is long past the time to do something about the epidemic of gun

violence in our nation?
The nation that prides itself on protecting our

children and the future generations.
If we want to protect Americans,

we must start by learning how to effectively store guns in the homes

that choose to have them.
Americans want more than thoughts and prayers.
They want action.
Gun safety is a nonpartisan issue that requires a bipartisan

solution.
Over 90 percent of Americans--including Republicans, Democrats, and

Independents alike--want to expand the Brady Bill and pass universal

background checks so that we can end the scourge of gun violence.
A majority of Americans want an assault weapons ban, extreme risk

laws, and support for community violence intervention.
Data for Progress finds 49 percent of voters support changing Senate

rules so Democrats can pass gun control legislation.
This includes 76 percent of Democrats, 43 percent of Independents,

and 24 percent of Republicans.
Put simply, Americans deserve sensible action to end this epidemic.
The Brady's legacy lives on today in the gun violence prevention

organization named after them.
We must remain persistent in the fight for a safer America that is

free of gun violence.
I will continue to work with colleagues to end this epidemic.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING EL PASO ELECTRIC

HON.
TONY GONZALES

Mr. TONY GONZALES of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate an

important milestone in my district.
Today, El Paso Electric is

unveiling Newman Unit 6--a cutting edge, 228 megawatt natural gas

combustion turbine generating power plant.
This state-of-the-art

facility will replace three older, less-efficient units with a robust

energy supply equipped to meet the growing needs of the El Paso region.
Situated at the Newman Power Station in El Paso, TX, this project

exemplifies El Paso Electric's dedication to enhancing energy

reliability and minimizing wasteful practices.