DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the God-honoring life

and generous impact of a Pikes Peak community stalwart--Gerald ``Jay''

Cimino, who died of natural causes on February 24, 2024, at the age of

87.
Jay truly was a pillar of the Pike's Peak region, both as a well-

known business innovator in the automobile industry as well as a

beloved and visionary community builder.
Jay's leadership of the Phil

Long dealerships impacted the automobile industry across the state of

Colorado and his love for others led to the creation of numerous

veteran-focused groups such as Mt. Carmel Veterans Service Center.
Born in Trinidad, Colorado, Jay joined the Marine Corps out of high

school.
Following his service to our Nation, he moved back to Trinidad

and attended Trinidad State Jr College and finished his bachelor's

degree in business administration at the University of Denver in 1960.
Wasting no time after graduation, Jay married his wife, Emily, and they

took an active role in their community.
Jay became General Manager of

Phil Long Ford in 1975 and rose up the ranks to President and CEO of

the Phil Long Family of Dealerships.
Throughout his time in the

automobile industry, Jay lived out the exemplary values of community

and customer service as no one had done before him.
This emphasis on

community service was the basis for how Jay used his time to make and

do better for everyone around him.
Jay invested in the economic growth of his hometown of Trinidad as

well as his adopted home of Colorado Springs throughout his time at

Phil Long Ford.
Whether it was bringing automobile dealerships to new

communities, creating academic scholarships, or helping build

community-focused buildings, Jay took great pride in providing new

opportunities and services for others.
Perhaps Jay's most impactful initiative was his creation of Mt.

Carmel Health, Wellness and Community Center, Mt. Carmel Center of

Excellence of Colorado, and Mt. Carmel Veterans Service Center which

provides access to medical care and career change resources to our

community and specifically our veterans.
Jay truly modeled for all of

us how to properly serve in the most caring and generous way for those

who have served our nation.
Jay and his wife Emily of more than fifty-five years enjoyed the

blessings of their four children and eight grandchildren.
The legacy of

the Cimino family continues to have an impact in the Pike Peak region

following in the steps of Jay's vision and passion.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues in Congress join me in honoring

and celebrating the exemplary life of Jay Cimino whose fingerprints on

the Pike Peak region will remain for the rest of time.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LEAP OF KINDNESS

HON.
PATRICK RYAN

Mr. RYAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the Ulster County

Chamber of Commerce's Leap of Kindness Day, on February 29, 2024.
Leap of Kindness Day was started in 2016 by the Saratoga County

Chamber of Commerce and has taken place on February 29th each Leap Year

since.
The goal of the day has always been to spend the extra day we

are given every four years doing acts of kindness.
This initiative has

spread throughout the U.S., Canada, and Ireland to help those in need.
Leap of Kindness Day offers community members a chance to do

something kind for someone else.
It motivates organizations,

businesses, and communities to donate clothing, food, and money to

local not-for-profit organizations.
This day keeps communities rooted in their values and spreads love to

neighbors.
Growing up in Ulster County, I have seen how giving,

dedicated, and kind my neighbors in the Hudson Valley are to those

around them.
I hope that everyone can take part in such a great

initiative, participating alongside their communities to help others,

not just today but every day as we all work to spread more kindness.