This day keeps communities rooted in their values and spreads love to

neighbors.
Growing up in Ulster County, I have seen how giving,

dedicated, and kind my neighbors in the Hudson Valley are to those

around them.
I hope that everyone can take part in such a great

initiative, participating alongside their communities to help others,

not just today but every day as we all work to spread more kindness.
I want to recognize Ward Todd and Jess Davis, President and Vice

President of the Ulster County Regional Chamber of Commerce, for their

work to make Leap of Kindness Day such a meaningful day for our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MOLLY MILLER'S ELECTION TO THE INTERNATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND

ENGINEERING EDUCATORS ASSOCIATION

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Molly Miller

on her election to the presidency of the International Technology and

Engineering Educators Association.
Molly is an experienced technology educator at Penn Manor High School

who is dedicated to the ideal of technological literacy among students.
In an ever-changing world, teachers like Molly prepare students for

careers and life beyond the walls of school that will be defined by the

rapidly developing technological revolution.
Molly's recent election to the presidency of the International

Technology and Engineering Educators Association, where she will serve

during the 2025-2026 term, comes after years of working with the

Association's Pennsylvania board.
In her new role, Molly will oversee 1,500 members worldwide, ensuring

that the next generation's innovative skillset will accommodate the

needs of the 21st century.
Mr. Speaker, I want to commend Molly for her dedication to her

students and preparing them to enter the technological workforce.
I

wish her all the best in her new position, in addition to her work at

Penn Manor High School.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING U.S. AIR FORCE GENERAL EARL T. O'LOUGHLIN

HON.
JUAN CISCOMANI

Mr. CISCOMANI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember U.S.

Air Force General Earl T. O'Loughlin, who passed away November 10,

2023, at the age of 93 years old.
General O'Loughlin was a

distinguished four-star general, who commenced his military journey

during the Cold War in 1951.
An exceptional pilot, he navigated various aircraft, ranging from the

B-29 to the KC-135.
Over the course of his career, he accumulated

approximately 6,000 flying hours, including 224 combat hours.
Beyond

his military achievements, Earl was a devoted husband to Thelma

Bentley, a loving father to his daughter, Kris Rudin, brother,

grandfather, great-grandfather, uncle, and a cherished friend.
The general emphasized the mantra ``freedom isn't free'' throughout

his entire life.
Among his numerous accolades are the Distinguished

Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Distinguished Flying Cross, the Bronze

Star Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Air Medal, and Air Force

Commendation Medal adorned with four oakleaf clusters.
In the hearts of the Tucson community and the residents of District

6, General O'Loughlin remains a true hero.
We extend our gratitude for his dedicated service, and I am eternally

thankful for his contributions.