Title: CELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF THE BRADY BILL AND BRADY BACKGROUND CHECKS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
37

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 30 YEARS OF THE BRADY BILL AND BRADY BACKGROUND CHECKS

HON.
SHEILA JACKSON LEE

Ms. JACKSON LEE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of 30 years

of Brady Background Checks.
The landmark Brady Bill, championed by Jim and Sarah Brady, was

enacted 30 years ago on February 28, 1994.
This historic legislation established our nation's background check

system for guns sold at licensed firearms dealers.
The Brady Bill is named after Reagan White House Press Secretary Jim

Brady.
After Jim Brady survived a bullet to the head during the 1981

assassination attempt of President Reagan, he and his wife, Sarah

Brady, knew our country urgently needed common-sense solutions to

prevent guns from falling into the hands of those who intend to cause

harm.
Since its enactment, the Brady Bill has blocked almost 4.9 million

prohibited gun transactions.
Thirty years later, the Brady Bill continues to save countless lives

each day because background checks work.
As we celebrate enduring milestones that have transformed our

country, I cannot help but remember the lives that have been selfishly

lost to inaction and negligence.
So, in addition to celebrating the success of the Brady Bill, I would

like to take a moment to urge the passage of an additional, necessary

piece of gun violence prevention legislation--H.R. 52, The Kimberly

Vaughan Firearm Safe Storage Act.
This bill was named after Kimberly Vaughan, a 14-year-old girl, who

was among the ten lives we lost during the devastating Santa Fe High

School shooting on May 18, 2018.
H.R. 52 will establish best practices for firearm storage to protect

children from improperly stored or misused firearms and establish a

grant program for local government and nonprofits to distribute safe

storage devices.
In particular, the Attorney General is directed to establish

voluntary best practices relating to safe firearm storage and publish

them on a website and in print.
Secondly, it will require most weapons to have a clear written notice

on the packaging that says, ``Safe Storage Saves Lives' and how to

obtain the best practices established by the Attorney General.
Additionally, the bill will provide grants to states and local

governments with a ten-year, $10 million grant program to distribute

safe storage devices.
As Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime and Federal Government

Surveillance, member of the Gun Violence Prevention Task Force, and co-

founding member of the Children's Caucus, gun violence prevention and

the protecting of children is deeply important to me.
And so, in highlighting the importance of passing bills, such as H.R.

52, we must also reflect and remember the lives of those lost to

senseless gun violence.
Kimberly Vaughan loved cats, Harry Potter, and regularly took trips

to the library.
She was drawing geometric shapes in her first period art class when

she was tragically killed by a 17-year-old student who was on a

shooting rampage.
That student ultimately massacred 8 students, 2 teachers, and wounded

13 others at Santa Fe High School in Texas.
It was the worst school shooting since 17 people were killed at

Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida just two

months prior.
The shotgun and the .38 caliber pistol the shooter took to school

belonged to his father and were available to him at his home.
Firearm injury is the leading cause of death for children and young

adults in the United States.
Although American children are ``twice as likely to be shot and

killed as they are to die drowning,'' there are more safety regulations

for pools than gun storage according to a report by Everytown for Gun

Safety.
Every year, almost 20,000 children are shot and killed or wounded by

a firearm, and 3 million are exposed to gun violence.