But Pearson stood by his beliefs.
``He internalized a

lot of it, resulting in him becoming physically sick.
Around

that time, he had his first bout with cancer.
We were nine

and 11 when we knew it was our last service.''
While no longer popular in the mainstream church, Pearson's

ministry continued through his church New Dimensions, where

he preached against homophobia and embraced the LGBTQ

community as members.
He challenged scriptures used to

demonize and oppress their existence.
He also authored books

like The Gospel of Inclusion and God Is Not a Christian, Nor

a Jew, Muslim, Hindu. . . . :
God Dwells with Us, in Us,

Around Us, as Us.
He also was a minister to many in person.
``Bishop Pearson's ministry was a mirror for me,'' says

Dillard.
Back in 2005, Dillard had met Pearson leaving an

event and felt inclined to give him a ride back to Atlanta.
``Something very powerful happened in our moment together.
I was seeking God in a different way and I had come up with

translations that I needed confirmation from.
I felt low in

spirit that I was not meeting the standards of the Word of

God.
Bishop said something to me that changed my life that

day.
He said `As others have judged you, you have now taken

on their judgment and you are judging yourself.'
It spoke to

my heart.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF BRYAN ANDREW ZEMEK

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of

Chief Warrant Officer 4 Bryan Zemek, a Mississippi National Guardsman,

who tragically lost his life when Apache Helicopter, Tail Number 52630,

went down near Booneville, Mississippi Friday afternoon of February 23,

2024.
Bryan Zemek, at 36 years old, served his country with distinction for

nearly two decades, demonstrating his courage and skill as a

Standardization Instructor Pilot for Alpha Company, 1st Battalion,

149th Aviation

Regiment in Tupelo, Mississippi.
His extensive experience included

over 2450 flying hours in the Apache helicopter, showcasing his

expertise in aircraft gunnery, weapon systems, combat arms, operations,

and tactics.
Beyond his military service, Bryan was a devoted family man, leaving

behind his beloved wife Robyn and their four children, Ayden, Logan,

Swayze, and Avery.
He was not only a skilled aviator, but also an

outdoorsman, marksman, and even a private plane owner.
His love for

boating, aviation, and serving as a civilian Emergency Medical Services

pilot reflected his adventurous spirit and commitment to helping others

Bryan embodied the values of faith, family, and patriotism.
His

dedication to his home state of Mississippi and to the United States of

America exemplifies the true essence of an American hero.
As we reflect

on his life and legacy, let us hold his memory dear in our hearts and

express our profound gratitude for his selfless service and ultimate

sacrifice.
In this time of sorrow, we offer our unwavering support and comfort.
May his legacy endure as a beacon of courage and honor, reminding us of

all the sacrifices made by those who serve our nation.
God bless Chief

Warrant Officer 4 Bryan Andrew Zemek, a proud Mississippian, and a true

American hero.
May he rest in peace, and may his spirit continue to

inspire us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF GERALD ``JAY'' CIMINO

HON.
DOUG LAMBORN

Mr. LAMBORN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the God-honoring life

and generous impact of a Pikes Peak community stalwart--Gerald ``Jay''

Cimino, who died of natural causes on February 24, 2024, at the age of

87.
Jay truly was a pillar of the Pike's Peak region, both as a well-

known business innovator in the automobile industry as well as a

beloved and visionary community builder.