If you're a gospel music lover, there's no way

that you could not have heard the music of Bishop Carlton

Pearson.''
Pearson's album The Best of Azusa. . .
Yet Holdin' On is a

staple in the Black community.
On the 14-track album,

featuring songs from his Azusa conference days, he has

an oratory track called ``Mother Sherman Story,'' in which

he recounts a question an elderly mother from his home

church would ask him, even as dementia began to set in:

``You yet holding on?''--The album's title.
``That meant many things,'' explains Williams.
``It meant

keep holding on to your faith and also meant keep holding on

to your morals and your standards.''
In the late Nineties, Pearson--who not only studied his

bible but also studied its roots, foundations, and original

language of Hebrew--came to a realization that would shake

the foundation of his faith and his social standing within

the church.
``When my little girl was an infant, I was watching the

evening news and the Hutus and the Tutsis were returning to

Rwanda from Uganda,?''
Pearson recalled on an episode of This

American Life from December 2005.
``I'm watching these little

kids with swollen bellies, their skin is stretched. . .
Their

hair is kind of red from malnutrition and they have flies on

the corner of their eyes and mouths.''
Pearson thought of his baby, who is now 27 year-old Majeste

Pearson--a pop and gospel singer--and his big screen

television and the plate of food he was in the middle of

eating.
Knowing the culture of the people on the screen and

assuming they were not all Christian, he said, ``God, I don't

know how you can call yourself a loving, sovereign God and

allow these people to suffer this way and just suck them

right into hell.''
Pearson heard a voice saying ``Can't you

see they're already there?
That's hell.
You keep creating

that for yourselves, I'm taking them into my presence.''
Pearson had a realization: ``We do that to ourselves and to

each other,'' he recalled in the podcast episode.
The next Sunday, he shared his revelation to his

congregation, urging them to stop

telling people that they weren't ``saved.''
Instead, he

wanted them to send a message that they were ``safe with

God.''
But this new theology of inclusion and universalism marked

his downfall within the evangelical mainstream.
Congregants

left the church.
Preachers like T.D. Jakes spoke out against

him; Jakes told Charisma Magazine, a popular Christian

publication, that Pearson was wrong and had incorrectly

interpreted the Bible.
Many churches and leaders turned their

backs on him.
He lost his church, both its members and the

building.
He was banned from hosting the Azusa conference at

the Oral Roberts institution and Roberts, his former mentor,

remained silent.
At the time, Pearson was also running for

the Mayor of Tulsa, the city with the worst race riot in 1922

known as the Black Wall Street massacre.
He lost.
``I told Carlton that if he told them he believed there was

no such thing as hell and damnation, he will reduce this

weapon of fear based religion, which is the foundation of

religious institutions money,'' said Bishop Yvette Flunder, a

friend of Pearson and a same gender loving preacher and

singer who sung with The Hawkins Family.
``His colleagues and

the College of Bishops that he was a part of put him on blast

and said he was a heretic and excommunicated him.''
Charisma Magazine didn't let the issue rest.
According to

Reid, they wrote about Pearson for two years, demonizing his

theology and teachings.
``He was deeply hurt and felt betrayed,'' his children

Majeste and Julian Pearson wrote in an email to Rolling

Stone.
But Pearson stood by his beliefs.
``He internalized a

lot of it, resulting in him becoming physically sick.
Around

that time, he had his first bout with cancer.