I commend him again today and emphasize his teaching that we don't

have to go along to get along.
That we can mind many of the same things

without necessarily having the same mind about everything.
We honor the

life of Bishop Carlton Pearson, the legacy he left won't be soon

forgotten.
I include in the Record this Rolling Stone Magazine memoriam

about how he has inspired generations to come.
How Bishop Carlton Pearson Inspired a Generation of Singers and Gospel

Artists

(By Meagan Jordan)

Bishop Carlton Pearson, a renowned preacher, singer and

composer, known for his Live At Azusa albums, died on

November 19 after a battle with cancer in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
His theology, known as the ``gospel of inclusion,''

preached against homophobia and embraced the LGBTQ community,

but cost him his congregation and approval within the

evangelical community.
However, his message of inclusion and

his denial of hell has become a model, and his impact in

gospel music continues to inspire new generations of artists.
``He has an album of hymns that people would sing in the

Black church for communion like `I Know it Was The Blood,' or

his version of `Precious Memories.'
gospel artist and former

Destiny's Child member Michelle Williams tells Rolling Stone,

referring to Pearson's Live At Azusa 2: Precious Memories

album from 1997.
``He amplified those songs and made them

mainstream for church.''
Pearson was born and raised in San Diego, California, where

his father and grandfather were preacher men in a storefront

``heaven or hell'' Pentecostal church.
After graduating high

school, he attended Oral Roberts University, an evangelical

Christian University, where Oral Roberts, a white preacher

who had the leading religious television broadcast in the

Seventies, was the school's founder.
Roberts mentored Pearson

as he navigated the ministerial realm.
Pearson left the school before graduating in 1977, starting

his own church, Higher Dimensions.
With over 6,000 members,

it would make him one of the first Black mega church pastors,

bringing Black churches into a mainstream space in the

Nineties and 2000s.
``In the Seventies, here in the West, the church was on a

decline,'' says Larry Reid, a pastor, media personality and

friend to Pearson.
``You had evangelistic campaigns all over

the U.S., but it was fading away and Black people were not

leading it.
We were the musicians and the singers.
But

Carlton Pearson created a stage called Azusa and brought

Black Christians in and the white stations would play clips

from his platform.''
Pearson's Azusa Conferences, which were inspired by the

1906 revival that took place on Azusa Street in Los Angeles,

were a hybrid of preaching and music.
It gave preachers, like

Joyce Meyers, Michael Pitts, Bishop T.D. Jakes, and gospel

heavyweights, such as Donnie Mcclurkin, the Clark Sisters,

and the late Lashun Pace, agency and a platform to showcase

their talents and introduce them to a wider audience of

people.
The conference, which was held at Pearson's old

university, Oral Roberts, would host thousands of guests.
For

those who could not attend, they were taped and sold via VHS,

which gave way to many successful careers in television

ministry and gospel music.
``I had always known his music for many years before I

became an artist,'' says Ricky Dillard, a renowned gospel

artist and composer, known for his choirs and directorial

abilities.
``He had a choir with him and that was influential

to me.
He was out here doing it at an A-1 level, so everyone

was a fan.
If you're a gospel music lover, there's no way

that you could not have heard the music of Bishop Carlton

Pearson.''
Pearson's album The Best of Azusa. . .
Yet Holdin' On is a

staple in the Black community.