We thank

Col.
Gardner for his remarkable service to our country, and I know his

beloved niece, our dear sister and friend, Cora Faith Walker, would be

incredibly proud of her uncle and his outstanding career.
On behalf of

Missouri's First District, I send my heartfelt congratulations to Col.
Gardner on his retirement after 30 years of service in the U.S.

military.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING INDIANA STATE REPRESENTATIVE RENEE PACK

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Indiana State

Representative for House District 92, Renee Pack.
Prior to joining the

Indiana General Assembly, she served in the United States Army for five

years, where she trained and served as a behavioral specialist and was

also certified in drug and alcohol counseling.
Her training in the Army

led her to a lifetime of service in our local schools, as a small

business operator and now at the Indiana Statehouse.
Since being elected to the Indiana House of Representatives in 2020,

Renee Pack has led with courage and strength.
She has become a champion

for a more equal, and just environment for residents of her district

and all Hoosiers.
Her service in the Army has led her to where she is

today, serving as the Ranking Member on the Veterans Affairs and Public

Safety Committee.
She also serves on the Committees on Commerce, Small

Business and Economic Development, and Children and Human Affairs.
She

has invested her years in public service to uplift those in need,

strengthen veteran services in Indiana, and advocate for equality under

the law.
Her service and training in the Army still have a lasting impact on

her public service today.
Her collective experiences inspired her to

author Indiana House Bill 1188, prohibiting lifetime limitations for

Medicaid recipients receiving treatment for substance abuse and

addiction.
Each month, our office recognizes women veterans who are often

overlooked and underrepresented, especially women of color.
African

Americans have a long history serving our country, as the National

Museum of African American History and Culture recognizes ``From the

Revolutionary War to the War on Terror, African Americans have served

in the United States military.
In defending their country, they hoped

to earn freedom and citizenship and contribute to a changed America

where racial equality was possible.''
On this last day of Black History Month, I am proud to honor State

Representative Renee Pack for her service to our country by giving her

the Shelia Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing State Representative

and Hoosier Women Hero, Renee Pack.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF BISHOP CARLTON PEARSON

HON.
RO KHANNA

Mr. KHANNA.
Mr. Speaker, today, we honor the selfless life of Bishop

Carlton Pearson who passed away last November at the age of 70.
Bishop

Carlton Pearson was an evangelist, ministry leader, author, and award-

winning singer.
He was raised in San Diego, California with five

siblings.
He is survived by them, his wife, and his two children.
An expert in many crafts, his congregation often praised his diverse

passions and the limitless communities impacted by his work.
He

preached what he called a gospel of inclusion.
He saw all human life as

an integral part of a broader community.
He was welcomed in Synagogues,

Islamic groups, Atheist and Agnostic organizations, and a variety of

other spiritual communities.
He felt a mandate to strive for peace

through an emphasis on inclusion in spirituality and interfaith

fellowship.
I commend him again today and emphasize his teaching that we don't

have to go along to get along.
That we can mind many of the same things

without necessarily having the same mind about everything.
We honor the

life of Bishop Carlton Pearson, the legacy he left won't be soon

forgotten.