From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 95TH BIRTHDAY OF FORMER STATE REPRESENTATIVE THOMAS

JASPER

HON.
TROY A. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, today, I stand to honor Former

State Representative Thomas Jasper, a gentleman near and dear to the

citizens of New Orleans and Louisiana's Second Congressional District,

as he celebrates his 95th Birthday.
Native New Orleanian Thomas Jasper was born on February 23, 1929, An

ambitious and promising young man that attended Booker T. Washington

Sr.
High School in the 2nd Congressional District.
After high school,

he served in the United States Armed Forces and later graduated from

Southern University at New Orleans.
He is a notable accountant and

professional, serving in several key administrative positions in city

and state governments.
He proudly and successfully served the Lower

Nine Housing Development Corporation, Minority Business Development,

and Louisiana State Office of Minority Affairs under the leadership of

former Louisiana Governors Edwards and David Treen and former City of

New Orleans Mayor Sidney Barthelemy.
In 1976, he was elected to serve as Louisiana State Representative to

House District 102 in the Lower Ninth Ward.
He was a co-founding member

of the Louisiana Legislative Black Caucus.
He completed his tenure in

1980.
He consistently demonstrated servant leadership acumen by being

elected to the New Orleans State Central Democratic Committee and

Democratic National Convention as a delegate.
From 2016 through 2021, it was an honor to have his support and

insight as my trusted Advisor during my term as Louisiana State

Senator.
Mr. Jasper also was my trusted Advisor during my tenures at

Councilman of District C in New Orleans, Louisiana from 1994 to 2002.
Avid community leader Mr. Jasper can always be found helping others

in the community, advising on business development, and providing

referrals to resources.
A pillar of Mr. Jasper's family upbringing is the biblical teachings

regarding service to all God's children.
As a young man and throughout

most of his adult years, Mr. Jasper was a member of the Historic Second

Baptist Church, serving as a Sanctuary choir member under Rev. Thomas

Nelson Washington.
A man dedicated to the will of God, he was regularly

found in Sunday school, singing in the Choir and being a guest soloist

on church programs across the city, and he continues to do so today.
Currently, he worships at the First Agape Baptist Church, where he

serves as a senior deacon and treasurer under the ministry of the Rev.

Eddie M. Payne.
Mr. Jasper loves to minister in song.
He favors the

older spirituaIs like ``I'll Tell it Wherever I Go'' and ``King Jesus

Will Roll All Burdens Away'' but is most inspired by ``What a Blessing

in Jesus I've Found.''
His favorite scripture is Romans 8:38-39 is his message to his

children and grandchildren--``Be prayerful, have faith and trust in

God, and let nothing separate you from the love of God, which is in

Christ Jesus.''
Mr. Jasper is the son of Samuel and Louise Jasper, devoted husband of

Florence Harrell for 74 blessed years, and has reared three children,

Gwendolyn Jasper Barnes, Nedra Jasper Alcorn, and the late Rev. Glenn

Thomas Jasper.
He is the proud grandfather of six grandchildren and

doting great-grandfather of eight great-grandchildren.
Mr. Jasper is a mighty man of service, and today, he continues to

serve as my purpose-driven mentor and father figure.
He has encouraged

me through all of my dreams throughout my career.
He is genuinely a

patriarch to many who continue to cross his path and will always be a

part of my journey as I lead the constituents of the 2nd Congressional

District of Louisiana.
He is my dear friend and mentor, and I hope to

be the mentor to others as he has been for me.
On this day, I wish my dear friend a Happy and Blessed Birthday, and

may he see many more.