Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Gunnery Sergeant Michael DeHaven of Denison, Texas, and award him a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
GySgt DeHaven honorably served in the United States Marine Corps during the Gulf War and the Global War on Terrorism.
As a young man, GySgt DeHaven heeded the call to serve his nation in the Marine Corps.
In 1986, he joined the Marines and later became a member of the 5th Force Reconnaissance Company.
GySgt DeHaven specialized in high-altitude parachuting, underwater operations, and reconnaissance in support.
Some of his responsibilities included protecting government officials, safeguarding intelligence officers, training allied forces, and conducting raids on high value targets.
GySgt DeHaven's efforts helped to protect the wellbeing of countless Americans and our allies.
For his selfless service and contributions to our national security, GySgt DeHaven was awarded the National Intelligence Medal for Valor.
After he was honorably discharged in 1998, GySgt DeHaven pursued a successful career in technology.
However, the September 11 terrorist attacks reinforced his desire to defend his nation from all threats, foreign and domestic.
He returned to military service, and served as a ground reconnaissance advisor with the 6th Marine Regiment and as an anti-terrorism advisor to our intelligence community until 2021.
When he returned to Texas, GySgt DeHaven looked for ways to protect our nation's children in the wake of the terrible events in Uvalde.
He opened a private consulting company to help enhance school safety and threat prevention efforts.
Through his valuable expertise, the Denison Independent School District selected him to serve as their Director of Safety and Security.
Without question, GySgt DeHaven's extensive experience in combatting hostile threats will help to protect our schools and communities.
I am honored to represent GySgt DeHaven in Texas' 4th Congressional District.
It is a pleasure to award him the Congressional Veteran Commendation for his service to our Nation and to the people of North Texas.