Mr. HOYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my friend Linda Lamone: Maryland's longest-serving Elections Administrator and the second-longest-serving chief elections official in America.
In September, she retired after overseeing our elections for more than a quarter century.
Linda is a woman of tremendous vision, integrity, and reverence for our democratic institutions, and we appreciate her outstanding service.
After serving Marylanders for decades as a Counsel to the Maryland State Assembly, the Chief Legal Counsel to Governor Schaefer's legislative office, a private attorney, and an Assistant Attorney General under Governor Glendening, Linda started as Elections Administrator in 1997.
She oversaw 13 federal general elections, including six presidential elections, over the course of her impressive career.
Linda started the role at a pivotal moment for American elections.
New digital technologies offered new opportunities to enhance our electoral system.
Around the same time, the 2000 presidential election revealed how vulnerabilities in our elections can undermine the American people's faith in our democracy.
That experience led me and a bipartisan group of Members to pass the Help America Vote Act to keep our elections secure, accessible, and transparent.
Linda was instrumental in helping the Election Assistance Commission and I implement HAVA in Maryland and beyond.
From modernizing and standardizing our state's voting machines to digitizing campaign finance and voter registration resources, Linda brought our elections into the twenty-first century.
She helped other states make progress in these areas through her involvement with the National Association of State Election Directors.
Linda also helped our state and our democracy weather unprecedented crises.
She led the effort to ensure that Marylanders could vote safely in the 2020 election during the Covid-19 pandemic.
She also sought to maintain Americans' faith in their democratic system amid a wave of election denialism.
We were fortunate to have Linda's leadership in 2020 and all the years before and since.
No matter the task at hand or the challenge before her, Linda tackled it with determination.
She always knew that she could count on the support of her family--especially her husband of 53 years, Rudy.
As Dean of the Robert H. Smith School of Business at the University of Maryland, College Park, and as a prominent academic and entrepreneur, Rudy was another crucial leader in our community.
We all mourned with Linda when he passed away earlier this year, and we continue to keep him in our prayers.
As Linda brings her career to a close, we find ourselves at another pivotal moment for American elections.
We see leaders openly cast doubt on the outcome of free and fair elections.
Some people deliberately try to erode our electoral system and other democratic institutions.
Linda Lamone serves as an example of the countless hardworking, principled elections officials across the country who help uphold our democracy in the face of these threats.
Their work isn't easy, but it is absolutely essential.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Linda and the democratic principles she devoted her career to protecting.