Their finale performance to Donna Summer's

``Last Dance'' remains an emotional highlight, with one teammate

saying, ``I could cry thinking about this song.''
As they often say,

``Once a Rangerette, always a Rangerette.''
For 85 years, the Rangerettes have been ambassadors of Texas culture,

blending grace and precision to inspire generations.
Mr. Speaker, I ask

my colleagues to join me in honoring the Kilgore College Rangerettes,

the Class of 1995, and their lasting legacy of excellence.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GUSTAVO AVINA

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Gustavo Avina, whom I have named the California 4th District's 2025

Climate Crisis Champion of the Year for Napa County because of his

tireless dedication to sustainable viticulture and environmental

stewardship.
Mr. Avina was born in Michoacan, Mexico, and immigrated to the United

States with his wife, Blanca, in 1988.
They settled in our Napa Valley,

where they raised their two children, Gustavo Jr. and Jessica.
Mr.

Avina began working with some of the finest vineyard management

programs in the region before joining Pine Ridge Vineyards in 2003.
His

deep connection to the land and commitment to sustainability led to his

promotion to Viticulture Director for the vineyard in 2019.
With over 30 years of experience, Mr. Avina has helped shape Pine

Ridge Vineyards into a leader in sustainable viticulture.
He walks

every vineyard block weekly, cultivating grapes with care, precision,

and a firm belief in environmental responsibility.
Under his

leadership, Pine Ridge Vineyards has implemented industry-leading

sustainability efforts, transitioning to dry farming, achieving Napa

Green Vineyard certification, applying compost and practicing proactive

forest management and committing to carbon neutrality.
Mr. Avina has also been a mentor to others on climate-smart

agriculture.
He leads Pine Ridge's dry farming pilot program and has

made the commitment to eventually transition all the vineyard's

replants to dry farming.
Mr. Avina presented on these efforts at the

2024 Napa Green ``Future of Water'' summit and will present at the 2025

Regeneration, Innovation, Sustainability, Empowerment (RISE) Climate

and Wine Symposium, establishing himself as a trusted voice in

sustainable viticulture in our wine community.
Beyond his work in the vineyard.
Mr. Avina is committed to educating

and mentoring individuals in our agriculture community.
As a member of

the Napa Valley Farmworker Foundation's Education Committee and as a

mentor in the organization's Fields of Opportunity program, Mr. Avina

has helped provide educational and professional development

opportunities to over 3,000 farmworkers annually.
He has developed and

led classes, seminars, and field days with the organization, covering

topics from irrigation and vineyard management to climate science and

innovation.
Mr. Avina also helped launch the Napa Valley Farmworker

Foundation's Climate Science Seminar Series, equipping farmworkers with

tools to adapt to extreme weather and build resilience in the face of

climate change.
Additionally.
Mr. Avina has served as a pruning contest judge for the

Napa Valley Farmworker Foundation's STOMP fundraiser and previously

served as secretary of the English Learners Advisory Committee for the

St. Helena School District.
When he is not in the vineyard or the

classroom, Mr. Avina enjoys cheering on Gustavo Jr. at his college

soccer games and celebrating the achievements of Jessica, a nurse

practitioner and soon-to-be mother.
Mr. Speaker.
Gustavo Avina's leadership in sustainable farming and

dedication to Napa Valley's farmworker community set a powerful

example.
His leadership in carbon neutrality efforts, dry farming

mentorship and farmworker education exemplifies the positive impact an

individual can have on their industry and community.
Therefore, it is

fitting that we honor him here today as Napa County's 2025 Climate

Crisis Champion of the Year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUSTINA SALINAS

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.