On behalf of the

University of Rochester community and all those who have benefited from

his work, I wish Peter Robinson all the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2025 CLASS 1A MINNESOTA STATE GIRLS HOCKEY CHAMPIONS--

THE DODGE COUNTY WILDCATS

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 2025 Class 1A

Minnesota State Girls Hockey Champions: the Dodge County Wildcats.
On February 22nd, the team won their first-ever state title at the

Xcel Energy Center in a suspenseful overtime game against Warroad.
The

Wildcats claimed the win with a 4-3 final score.
The deciding goal almost went unnoticed, sneaking over the goal line

during a dramatic scramble at the net.
Warroad came away with the puck,

but junior forward Zoe Heimer, who made the shot, knew the puck had

crossed the goal line, prompting a video review that ultimately ruled

in favor of the Wildcats.
The top-seeded Dodge County team has been nothing but impressive all

season, finishing strong with a record of 24-3-2.
Their championship

win marks the first state title--not only for the program--but for any

girls hockey team south of the Twin Cities.
It is my honor to recognize this year's Class 1A Minnesota Girls'

Hockey Champions today.
Thanks to the strong leadership and

encouragement from Coach Gunderson, and relentless support by the

team's staff, families, classmates, and community these talented young

women earned a state championship title.
All of us across the First

Congressional District are incredibly proud to call them our own.
Congratulations to Coach Gunderson and the entire Wildcats family on

an unbelievable season.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO ANTIOCH MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to

Antioch Missionary Baptist Church in Hartsville, South Carolina.
The

history of Antioch is profound and deserving of the great celebration

that is taking place on Easter Sunday.
The journey that has brought Antioch Church to this moment began in

1888 when the Church was established on the crest of a hill.
That year,

a group of people with great faith in their hearts and each other, came

together for one mission.
The Church's early founders--Shade Charles,

Joe Coe, William Brunson, Ham Fountain, and the Reverend Jonas Muldrow

decided to call their new church ``Antioch.''
These men and women were

the first officers of the church with Reverend Jonas Muldrow as their

first pastor.
In 1937, the structure of the Church was replaced, and it has gone

through several renovations since, with the most recent taking place in

1984, when the church added two Sunday school classrooms and brick

veneered the sanctuary.
Since its inception, Antioch Missionary Baptist Church and its

congregation have served as a beacon of light within the community.
The

programs and ministries initiated by the church have served as models--

for other churches of various denominations in the area.
The strength

thrive through the years.
Its congregants diligently serve in several

capacities--deacons, ministers, Sunday school teachers, missionaries,

choir members, ushers, musicians, and so much more.
Churches like

Antioch are significant parts of our history and their stories are

anchors in the African American faith community.
Mr. Speaker, it is my great honor to pay tribute to this fine

congregation for its dedication, endless faith, and the love it has

shown to the community.
As we learn from Acts 11:26, Barnabas found

Paul in Tarsus and brought him to Antioch where they spent a whole year

assembling themselves with the church, and teaching and it was there

that the disciples were first called Christians.''
I ask you and my colleagues to join me in congratulating Antioch

Missionary Baptist Church and wishing its congregation God's blessings

in the days ahead.