Mr. Ashe was born and raised in Lancaster, California.
He attended

Antelope Valley College, where he studied police administration before

working for over 35 years in the automotive parts industry in Los

Angeles.
After moving to Sonoma County, Mr. Ashe found a new calling as

a custodian at Park Side Elementary School in Sebastopol, where he

worked for 13 years.
Known affectionately as ``Mr. Bob,'' he was more

than just a caretaker, serving as a mentor, a friend and an educator to

those around him.
Mr. Ashe led efforts on

recycling, composting and environmental responsibility, instilling in

students a deep respect for sustainability.
In 2020, Mr. Ashe turned his passion for environmental care into

action by volunteering at the Prince Memorial Greenway, a beloved but

often overlooked natural space in our city of Santa Rosa.
What began as

simple trash cleanups soon expanded into a comprehensive restoration

effort.
Mr. Ashe currently dedicates an average of 25 hours a week to

maintaining the Greenway and its surrounding parks, trails and creek

areas.
His work includes vegetation management, graffiti removal, trail

upkeep and clearing potential hazards, all critical efforts in helping

the Greenway remain a safe and thriving space for residents and

wildlife alike.
Recognizing the power of collective action, Mr. Ashe founded the

Friends of the Prince Memorial Greenway, a volunteer group dedicated to

the ongoing restoration and beautification of the area in 2023.
Under

his leadership, the group contributes over 125 volunteer hours per

month to cleaning and maintaining the Greenway.
With each passing

season, the number of volunteers continues to grow as more community

members are inspired to join the cause.
Beyond cleanup efforts, the

Friends of the Prince Memorial Greenway advocates for the Greenway's

role in connecting downtown residents and businesses, bringing people

together through nature, art and sustainable transportation

initiatives.
Mr. Ashe's impact extends beyond his environmental work.
He is a

dedicated and compassionate member of our community, always willing to

lend a hand to those in need.
His leadership is not only measured in

the number of volunteer hours logged or the pounds of trash he removes,

but in the inspiration, he provides to others.
Whether through his

advocacy, mentorship or hands-on service, Mr. Ashe has shown one

individual's commitment to their community can create lasting change.
Mr. Speaker, Robert Ashe's dedication to environmental stewardship

and public service embodies the spirit of the Climate Crisis Champion

of the Year award.
His work to rehabilitate and maintain Sonoma

County's natural spaces ensures these cherished environments remain

accessible, clean and beautiful for future generations of our

community.
It is fitting and proper that we recognize him today as

Sonoma County's 2025 Climate Crisis Champion of the Year.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT

HON.
EUGENE SIMON VINDMAN

Mr. VINDMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional work

recent arrest of a top MS-13 leader in Virginia's Seventh District.
Their relentless dedication to public safety and professionalism in

the face of danger has not only made our communities safer but has also

set a shining example of the effectiveness of law enforcement in

confronting the serious threat posed by violent criminal organizations.
MS-13 is known for its brutal crimes, including drug trafficking,

extortion, human trafficking, and violence that threatens communities

in the Seventh District and across our country.
Their reach and impact

are deeply concerning, and the work of our law enforcement agencies to

dismantle their operations is of utmost importance.
This particular arrest was the result of months of careful

investigation, intelligence gathering, and coordination between local,

state, and federal law enforcement agencies.
The operation carried out

by the Prince William County Police Department and their partners is a

testament to the hard work, expertise, and unwavering commitment of law

enforcement professionals who put their lives on the line every day to

protect our families.