His forward

thinking and natural leadership make him a fixture in the community.
Mr. Busch is married to his wife Laura, and they have 5 children and

5 grandchildren.
He looks forward to spending more time with them in

retirement, along with more golfing, travelling, and gardening.
Mr. Speaker, it is both fitting and proper that we recognize Mr.

Busch for his commitment to public service and honor his career in

which he strived to better our community here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

NO ROGUE RULINGS ACT OF 2025

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1526, the No

Rogue Rulings Act of 2025.
Just as House and Senate Republicans have ceded their constitutional

responsibility to conduct oversight on the Executive Branch,

Republicans want to force federal judges to give up their power of

judicial review.
The duty and responsibility of federal courts is to

review laws and policies that have a national impact.
Federal courts

are not local courts.
By design their role is national and is not

limited to one state or one county.
Limiting the ability of federal

courts to carry out their duty would undermine the rights and freedoms

of all Americans.
The No Rogue Rulings Act of 2025 would prevent federal district court

judges from providing nationwide injunction relief when one of

President Trump's executive orders, policies, or actions violates

people's constitutional rights and freedoms.
Nationwide injunctions are

issued against the federal government when its actions are

unconstitutional and have a broad national effect.
If a federal judge

can no longer issue a national injunction, the Administration could

continue to violate the rights of the American people until the case

reaches the Supreme Court.
This bill is designed to drastically limit

federal judges' ability to prevent unconstitutional actions from doing

broad harm.
It is about giving more power to Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is losing in court because he keeps trying to do

unlawful and unconstitutional things, not because of judicial

overreach.
This bill a scheme to give more power to the President,

making it easier for him to carry out his illegal actions without

consequence.
I urge my colleagues to reject this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROCLAMATION FOR NATIONAL AMVETS AUXILIARY PRESIDENT CINDY RICE

HON.
MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I have the honor of representing Ohio's 9th

Congressional District, a region known for its patriotic spirit, strong

civic institutions, and deep respect for those who have served our

Nation in uniform.
Today, I am privileged to recognize a distinguished

leader and devoted advocate from our community--Cindy Rice, National

President of the AMVETS Ladies Auxiliary.