Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hollister City

Administrator Rick Ziegenfuss, who is retiring this month after 23

years in this position.
Mr. Ziegenfuss is a native of Cedar Falls, Iowa, but came to Missouri

when he took his Army Infantry basic training at Ft.
Leonard Wood in

central Missouri.
During his 22-year Army career, he graduated from

Infantry Officer Candidate School, Infantry Officer Basic Course,

Infantry Officer Advanced Course, and the Army's Command and General

Staff College, where he graduated with honors.
He held a series of

command positions and earned numerous service awards and medals.
He was

discharged honorably as a Lieutenant Colonel.
Following his military service, Mr. Ziegenfuss started an

environmental company, which he subsequently sold, was vice president

of operations for Creative Printing and Design, was owner and president

of Ameri Trade Corp., and then became the director of economic

development for the City of Hollister before he was promoted to city

administrator.
Mr. Ziegenfuss holds a Bachelor of Arts in personnel management from

Mary Crest College in Davenport, Iowa.
He has served on multiple boards

in the Branson, Missouri, area and has been recognized with the

Missouri Award, the Holllister Area Chamber of Commerce Heart of

Hollister Award, the Branson Lakes Area Chamber of Commerce Pioneer and

Community Spirit awards, and the True American Hero Award from the

Branson Veteran's Task Force.
Mr. Ziegenfuss is married to the former Dana Woodall, and they have

three daughters; Beth, Brooke, and Brittney; a stepdaughter, Jordan; a

stepson, Logan; six grandchildren; and 10 great-grandchildren.
I'd like to congratulate Mr. Ziegenfuss on his outstanding career.
Please join me in thanking him for his many years of service to others

and wishing him well on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PETER ROBINSON'S RETIREMENT

HON.
JOSEPH D. MORELLE

Mr. MORELLE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable career

of Peter Robinson, the Vice President for Government and Community

Relations at the University of Rochester, who retired at the end of

March after more than 35 years of exceptional service.
Throughout his tenure, Peter played a vital role in advancing the

University's mission, leading its federal, state, and community

relations efforts with great skill and dedication.
Among his many

achievements, he was instrumental in the University's affiliation with

NextCorps, strengthening support for the Laboratory for Laser

Energetics, and building lasting partnerships with state and local

leaders.
Peter's advocacy helped secure hundreds of millions of dollars in

funding for the University and Medical Center including $50 million for

the Saunders Research Building and $50 million for the Emergency and

Inpatient Tower.
He has also secured major funding for the Eastman

School of Music expansion, Wegmans Hall, the Goergen Institute for Data

Science and Artificial Intelligence, and the Kornberg and Del Monte

Biomedical Research Buildings.
Beyond his professional contributions, Peter served for 30 years in

the New York Army National Guard, retiring with the rank of colonel.
His deep commitment to veterans' issues continued through his work with

the University's Veterans Alliance, demonstrating his enduring

dedication to service.
I have known Peter since the start of my career and have always

admired his insightful and strategic approach to complex legislative

matters.
His numerous contributions to the University and our community

are immeasurable.
He has built an incredible legacy that will

strengthen and inspire future generations.
As he embarks on the next chapter, I extend my deepest gratitude for

his decades of service and unwavering leadership.
On behalf of the

University of Rochester community and all those who have benefited from

his work, I wish Peter Robinson all the best in his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 2025 CLASS 1A MINNESOTA STATE GIRLS HOCKEY CHAMPIONS--

THE DODGE COUNTY WILDCATS

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.