Their reach and impact

are deeply concerning, and the work of our law enforcement agencies to

dismantle their operations is of utmost importance.
This particular arrest was the result of months of careful

investigation, intelligence gathering, and coordination between local,

state, and federal law enforcement agencies.
The operation carried out

by the Prince William County Police Department and their partners is a

testament to the hard work, expertise, and unwavering commitment of law

enforcement professionals who put their lives on the line every day to

protect our families.
Today's success is not only a victory for law

enforcement but a significant win for public safety across Virginia's

Seventh District and beyond.
As a former prosecutor, I know how critical it is to support law

enforcement in their efforts to combat violent crime and ensure the

safety of our communities.
This is why I have consistently advocated

for bipartisan legislation that equips law enforcement with the

necessary tools and resources to do their jobs effectively.
The urgency

to get violent criminals

off our streets is exactly why I will continue to champion policies

that prioritize public safety and law enforcement.
It is because of the bravery and hard work of the Prince William

County Police Department and their partners that Virginia's Seventh

District--and our entire Nation--is safer today.
Their commitment to

keeping our neighborhoods safe is a model we should all be proud of.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Prince

William County Police Department for their exceptional service and

commitment to ensuring the safety of our communities.
Their bravery and

professionalism deserve our deepest recognition and thanks.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING VACAVILLE CITY MANAGER AARON BUSCH

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Vacaville City Manager Aaron Busch, an esteemed member of our Solano

County community.
His 37 years of public service and his tireless

dedication to our community exemplify why he is being honored today.
Aaron Busch is a lifelong Californian, having studied geography with

an emphasis in Urban Planning at Fresno State University before

beginning a career in city planning.
His first role in local government

was as an Assistant/Associate Planner with the City of Rancho Mirage.
In 2017, Mr. Busch joined the City of Vacaville as Assistant City

Manager, where he oversaw the Community Development and Parks and

Recreation Departments and eventually rose to the rank of city manager

where he has served since.
Mr. Busch's commitment to our community is evident from his long

history of public service in local government.
Some of his

accomplishments while in office include implementing the City of

Vacaville's Biotechnology and Advanced Manufacturing Initiative, which

has brought in nearly $68 million in private investments, as well as

creating the COV Connect community engagement program.
Mr. Busch was

also responsible for distributing over $12 million in Federal American

Rescue Plan Act (ARPA) funds to aid community recovery from the impacts

of the COVID-19 pandemic.
In addition, Mr. Busch oversaw the

advancement of numerous other projects including the building of Fire

Station 76 and an audit of the Vacaville Police Department.
His forward

thinking and attention to the needs of the city's residents have made

him instrumental in advancing the City of Vacaville as a prime

destination for families, professionals, and retirees alike.
Mr. Busch is recognized for more than just his professional service--

he is well known around the City of Vacaville as ``The Coach'' for his

leadership and commitment to the residents of the city.
His forward

thinking and natural leadership make him a fixture in the community.
Mr. Busch is married to his wife Laura, and they have 5 children and

5 grandchildren.
He looks forward to spending more time with them in

retirement, along with more golfing, travelling, and gardening.