For the 25 years of the Dayton Dragons' success, there has

been one leader that has delivered for our community: the

President and General Manager for the team, Bob Murphy.
Murphy had the responsibility for delivering the

construction of the stadium, managing the team, overseeing

the stadium, and delivering entertainment every night for our

community.
He has become a part of our community and has

stayed through three consecutive ownership groups.
On opening day 25 seasons ago, as Mayor, I stood on the

ballfield with our community negotiating team of City

Commissioner Bootsie Neil, City Manager Valerie Lemme,

Economic Development Director Joe Tuss, Montgomery County

Commissioner Vicky Pegg, Montgomery County Administrator Deb

Feldman, Dayton Chamber of Commerce President Phil Parker,

Fifth-Third Bank President Dan Sadlier, and Downtown Dayton

Partnership President Maureen Pero, tipping our ball caps to

Bob Murphy, thanking him for his accomplishment of delivering

on his promise of a stadium for the Dragons in downtown

Dayton.
I am proud of the role I played in bringing the Dayton

Dragons to our city, but even prouder of what they have meant

to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING WJBC FOR 100 YEARS OF SERVICE TO CENTRAL ILLINOIS

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to congratulate WJBC as they

reach a monumental milestone.
For 100 years, WJBC has been the voice of

McLean County.
The hosts have dedicated themselves to providing

residents of Central Illinois with timely and reliable news to keep the

public informed.
Local radio station's are more important than ever.
They bring a

unique, personal, and powerful form of communication to their audience.
WJBC serves as a bridge between communities, providing a unique space

where local stories, issues, and voices can be heard.
WJBC has welcomed Presidents, governors, politicians, celebrities,

and local voices to keep us informed about public events and connect

our community.
The station has been home to legendary on-air personalities,

including Don Newberg, Don Munson, Steve Vogel, Ken Behrens, Dick

Luedke, Scott Laughlin, and current morning host Scott Miller, who have

all enriched the lives of listeners and made significant contributions

to the communities and organizations across Central Illinois.
This is a monumental moment for WJBC, and I congratulate them on

their 100 years of success.
I look forward to listening to WJBC for

many more years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 85 YEARS OF EXCELLENCE: CELEBRATING THE KILGORE COLLEGE

RANGERETTES AND THE CLASS OF 1995

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Kilgore College

Rangerettes and celebrate two extraordinary milestones: the 30th

anniversary of the 54th line, the Class of 1995, and the 85th

anniversary of this world-renowned team.
Founded in 1940 by Gussie Nell Davis, the Rangerettes were the first

precision dance team to perform during a college football halftime

show.
With their high kicks, jump splits, and iconic red, white, and

blue uniforms, they have set a standard for discipline and excellence

for over eight decades.
The Class of 1995 holds a special place in this legacy as the first

to perform under Director Dana Blair and Assistant Director Shelley

Wayne, whose leadership continues to shape the Rangerettes today.
Many

of these teammates became dance and drill team instructors, passing on

the discipline and artistry instilled during their time as Rangerettes.
Their sophomore year featured unforgettable moments, including

performances in France, at the Texas State Fair Gala, and alongside

legends like Willie Nelson.
Their finale performance to Donna Summer's

``Last Dance'' remains an emotional highlight, with one teammate

saying, ``I could cry thinking about this song.''
As they often say,

``Once a Rangerette, always a Rangerette.''
For 85 years, the Rangerettes have been ambassadors of Texas culture,

blending grace and precision to inspire generations.