Background: In January 2021, the Maritime Security Infrastructure Council (MSIC), a group with expertise in major construction project management and concerned about the deterioration of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA) infrastructure, developed a comprehensive plan to bring the campus up to the standards necessary to prepare USMMA Midshipmen to lead our Nation's maritime mission in the 21st century.
The Full Speed Ahead Plan is an intensive 8-year program to execute a decades overdue, comprehensive modernization: new academic buildings, physical readiness/training facilities, midshipmen morale and welfare spaces, parking structures, faculty and senior staff housing, utilities, IT, and campus security upgrades, and renovations of many existing buildings.
This plan is adaptable, e.g., it can be adjusted for longer construction timelines and funding schedules, and--importantly--it is intended to be executed while keeping USMMA fully operational throughout construction.
Previous cost estimates were $611M in January 2021 and $820M in March 2022.
The estimated cost when adjusted for inflation has now risen to $1.02B; additional delay will only further increase the cost of this urgently needed modernization.
The need: With over 80 years in service to our nation, a comprehensive modernization is long overdue if USMMA is to continue producing world-class, service-committed merchant marine officers who are the backbone of the U.S. Navy's Strategic Sealift Officer Force and a crucial element of defense readiness.
Congress has rightly recognized the necessity of and supported funding modernization projects at the other federal service academies, especially West Point and Annapolis.
Longterm low funding levels have left the campus under-resourced, and the result is a deteriorating campus that makes attracting a diverse applicant pool and providing state-ofthe-art mission critical training even more difficult.
Many 1940s and are simply not conducive to the immersive training and demanding coursework expected from our Nation's five service academies.
Modern IT is nearly nonexistent in several buildings; what is available cannot accommodate even the most basic digital needs of Midshipmen, let alone support the increasingly hightech vessel systems that they must master.
Aside from minor Midshipmen Barracks repairs in the 2000s, there have been no renovations or upgrades since 1988.
Nearly every building on campus has exceeded its life expectancy and now requires replacement or major renovation.
This is particularly true of the Academy's physical training, leadership readiness, and athletic facilities.
Although USMMA was the first federal service academy to admit women in 1974, no additional athletic or training spaces have been provided for female teams in the ensuing 50 years, clearly contrary to the requirements of Title IX.
Overall, these limited and outdated facilities are inadequate for Midshipmen to maintain physical readiness standards of the U.S. Navy and other services and adversely impact the recruitment of future Midshipmen.
Midshipmen need a purposebuilt pool, featuring a separate wave pool with high dive/ jump capabilities in order to accommodate their specific mandatory training needs for rescue and survival at sea.
The Fix: Our working group of maritime executives, engineers, architects, and construction industry professionals--some USMMA graduates--propose the authorization and funding of a multi-year program of infrastructure replacement and improvement projects.
The Budget and Timeline Snapshot: We suggest directed funding for foundational design work that will serve as the blueprint for an aggressive eight-year construction and project management program.
However, the plan can be readily adapted to meet longer construction timelines and funding schedules, along with any potential project modifications.
As of January 2024, the current cost of the plan is $1.02B over eight years.
The Plan: For decades, concerned stakeholders have unsuccessfully sought to upgrade USMMA's physical plant; this plan reflects much of the quality thinking and hard work that went into earlier plans, which regrettably never came to fruition.
This document specifically builds on the input of those earlier planning initiatives.
This plan details the facilities necessary for the USMMA to preserve its position as the preeminent leader in maritime education in the Nation, today and into the future.
It reflects a long overdue acknowledgment that the campus has fallen woefully behind the other four federal service academies and other peer top-tier institutions.
The plan meets the long-term objectives of the Academy through facilities that will promote modern educational best practices, including globally connected research facilities; engineering powerplant laboratories; 21st century IT-enabled classrooms.
Support mission critical proficiencies: Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping (STCW) applications laboratories; Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) training pool; Conference and license exam space.
Promote readiness: Accessible modernized fitness facilities sufficient to enable all Midshipmen to maintain physical readiness standards required of USN Reserve officers; NCAAstandard facilities for all athletes; Health and wellness center.
Facilitate leadership development: Weapons range; enhanced waterfront facilities; band facility.
Attract a diverse pool of applicants to ensure USMMA enrolls the best and the brightest.
Provide continuing education and industry engagement facilities: Maritime Center of Excellence for research, innovation, and policy development; MSCE accreditation required post-graduate continuing education opportunities; Maritime industry leadership conference capability.
Maintain a secure facility and a safe environment: secure campus at a level necessary to protect a federal facility; centralized security/access control at main gate and academy facilities; fencing and monitoring of campus boundaries; cyber-secure, modernized IT network.
Master Planning Process and Principles: The 82-acre campus is a unique, historically significant property.
Our plan is designed to modernize the campus without expanding its current footprint.
The Education District includes the original 1943 academic buildings, barracks, and