administrative offices that form the hub of the campus.
The Waterfront District includes Eldridge Pool, the Memorial Arbors, the Chapel, Yocum Sailing Center, the USCG Station, Samuels Hall and Crowninshield/Cressy Pier.
The Physical Training and Athletics District includes all the Academy's athletic facilities.
The Community District encompasses all of the McNulty Campus, including faculty housing and the museum.
A second community district south of the Education District includes senior staff housing, the Patten Health Clinic, and the Midshipmen Activities Center.
Program Cost Summary: Construction:
Academic Center $116M; Activity Center $42.2M; Aquatic Readiness Center $65.6M; Leadership Development and Readiness Center $133.1M; Parking Structures $50.7M; Federal Maritime Center of Excellence $49.1M; Senior Staff/Faculty Housing $12.2M; Crowninshield Pier Replacement $31.7M; Waterfront Sailing Center $19.2M. New construction subtotal: $519.8M. Facility Renovation & Upgrades: Samuels Hall Renovation Completion $8.8M; Campus Security and Waterfront Improvements $28.3M; GIS and Upgrade Academy Utilities $95.4M; Main Gate and Campus Security Upgrade $53.9M; Bowditch Hall and Steamboat Road Improvements $76.4M; Existing Building Renovations $94.8M. Facility Renovation/Upgrades Subtotal: $357.6M. Design: $91.1M. Program Management: $51.3M. Total Program Cost: $1019.8M. Maritime Security Infrastructure Council Members: John D. Cameron, Jr., P.E. Managing Partner, Cameron Engineering & Associates, LLP: 
Mr. Cameron oversees the firm's consulting engineering services, which specializes in public and private sector engineering such as site development, energy management; water quality management planning, waterfront protection and resilience; roadway, drainage, utilities and infrastructure improvement; planning; building systems; building department services, and construction management.
The firm's work has included major mixed use, residential, commercial and industrial projects as well as brownfields and waterfront projects.
He is a frequent spokesperson on regional planning, sustainability, economic development issues for Long Island and beyond.
LTG Bill Grisoli (Ret.)
Distinguished Chair of Civil Engineering and Chair of the Civil Engineering Advisory Board, USMA: LTG Bill Grisoli is currently serving as the Distinguished Chair of Civil Engineering and Chair of the Civil Engineering Advisory Board at USMA.
He spent 39 years on active duty and retired in 2015 as the Director of the Army Staff.
Prior to his retirement, LTG Grisoli held a wide variety of engineer command assignments at the Company, Battalion.
Brigade, and Army Corps of Engineers Division level.
His staff assignments include Director of the Army's Business Transformation Office and Director of Program Analysis and Evaluation Office, G-8.
LTG Grisoli was born in NYC and graduated from USMA in 1976.
Lloyd C. Caldwell, P.E. SES, US Army Corps of Engineers (Ret.): 
Mr. Caldwell served until 2020 as the national Director of Military Programs responsible for the policy and technical functions of the Corps' worldwide program for engineering, design, construction, real estate and environmental activities.
He was responsible for military construction and installation support at the USMA and the USAFA.
From 2005 to 2010, he was the Director of Programs for the N. Atlantic Division responsible for military and civil works and the Director of Programs for the Gulf Region Division in Iraq.
He is a Distinguished Military Graduate with a Bachelor of Building Construction degree from Auburn and holds MS in Civil Engineering and MPW degrees from the University.
Capt.
Eileen Roberson, USN (Ret.)
SES, DOT/US Navy (Ret.):
Eileen Roberson is a retired United States Navy Reserve Officer.
As a long-time member of the Federal Government's Senior Executive Service, Roberson has served as Director of Total Force Management for the US Navy's Military Sealift Command, Assistant for Administration to the Under Secretary of the Navy, Associate Administrator at the Department of Transportation's Maritime Administration, and Deputy Program Executive Officer (PEO) for Navy Information Technology Roberson holds a Master of Science degree in Management Information Systems from Bowie State University in Bowie, MD and a BS degree in Engineering from the United States Merchant Marine Academy.
John O. Arntzen, President, ACTA Maritime Development Corporation: Recently retired as a Senior Program Manager with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, North Atlantic Division at Fort Hamilton in Brooklyn, New York, he helped oversee a $2.4 billion Military Construction program on U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force bases in Europe.
Prior to this, Arntzen was Special Missions Ships Project Officer for the U.S. Navy's Military Sealift Command.
From 2015 to 2019, Arntzen was Chairman of the USMMA Alumni Association and Foundation (AAF).
Arntzen holds a M.S. in Transportation Management from SUNY and a B.S., with Honors, in Marine Engineering from USMMA.