Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ona Marie Judge Staines, a New Hampshire woman born in Virginia, who was enslaved by George and Martha Washington, and taken by them to Phildelphia during Washington's second term as United States president.
Ona Judge self-emancipated from their household, as the Washingtons were preparing to return to Mount Vernon in their semi-annual effort to avoid the Pennsylvania law that enabled enslaved people to sue for their freedom if they remained in the state for more than six months.
Recounting her story in 1845 she remarked on her escape, ``Whilst they were packing up to go to Virginia, I was packing to go, I didn't know where; for I knew that if I went back to Virginia, I should never get my liberty...''
During her time in the city, Ona Judge had become acquainted with members of Philadelphia's large free Black community who provided her contact with a ship captain who would take her north.
On May 21, 1796, she boarded the ship Nancy, bound for Portsmouth, New Hampshire in search of freedom.
The Washingtons relentlessly pursued her, but Ona Judge found a home among Portsmouth's Black community.
Washington learned of her whereabouts and sent one of his wife's relatives to convince her to return.
She refused, saying ``I am free now, and choose to remain so.''
Rebuffed, the man determined to take her and her child back to Virginia by force and admitted his intentions to 
Senator John Langdon.
Whether it was Langdon who alerted her to the impending capture, or his trusted free Black servant Cyrus Bruce, we do not know for sure.
But Ona was determined to remain free and fled eight miles from Portsmouth into Greenland, New Hampshire, where she lived with her daughters and friends John and Phillis Jacks and their family until her death in 1848.
Several years before her death, Ona Judge Staines told her story to two abolitionist newspapers.
The interviewer for the Granite State Freeman asked her if she ever regretted her decision, and she replied ``No, I am free, and have, I trust, been made a child of God by the means.''
Her journey exemplifies the power of determination in the search for liberty, embodying our state motto ``Live Free or Die.''
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional District, I commend the bravery of Ona Judge Staines to assert her right to freedom at any cost.
May her story never be forgotten.