Mr. Benjamin ``Ben'' Cooper.
A member of America's ``Greatest Generation'' who honorably served in the U.S. Armed Forces in World War II, 
Mr. Cooper witnessed the unspeakable horror of mass casualties and genocide that occurred in the European theater.
Rather than suppressing this experience, he made it a mission to share the unspeakable tragedies he witnessed on the frontlines of the War.
He transformed his experience into lessons for high school students and taught kindness and empathy for others.
His service and lessons have inspired many generations of American citizens to care for each other with the same sincerity and dedication seen in 
Mr. Cooper himself.
Born in 1921 to Max and Fannie Cooper, Ben is a lifelong resident of West Hartford, Connecticut.
Ben attended Hall High School and graduated in 1940.
After attending George Washington University for one year, he returned to Connecticut in 1941 and worked at Colt Arms Factory in Hartford.
Despite not having officially joined the military yet, Ben contributed to the war effort through his testing of guns for the Colt Company.
Come 1942, Ben had been drafted into the U.S. Army as a combat medic in the 45th Infantry Division.
Soon after his drafting, Ben met his wife of 65 years, Dorothy, and they married on July 14, 1944, in a Maine synagogue shortly before he was deployed to serve in the European theater.
Ben's selfless nature manifested through his becoming a medic, starting a long legacy of sacrifice and consummate service to those in need.
Through his service, Ben served as a shining beacon in an allenveloping sea of darkness.
His service safeguarded the life and liberty of his fellow citizens and the peoples across Europe.
Unforgettably, the U.S. Army 45th Infantry helped liberate Dachau concentration camp in 1945.
Alongside his fellow soldiers, Ben bore witness to the deplorable condition of the victims of the concentration camp.
Darkness and inhumanity enveloped Dachau.
The scent of incinerated flesh hung heavily on the camp's air, and its prisoners stood in front of their liberators emaciated, so weak that any attempt at nourishment was rejected by their broken bodies.
The extent of these crimes against humanity and decency left Ben speechless and traumatized.
He would not speak of the camp or war experiences for decades to come.
In 1990, Ben began to share his wartime experiences.
Through an interview with a Torrington High School history teacher, Ben was able to open up about his personal history.
This interview served as the genesis of