The Minister has not really given any reassurance to  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Cleveleys (Paul Maynard) .
As we know, methane is a whopping 80 times more powerful than carbon dioxide over a 20-year period, so if the Minister is serious about tackling this issue, will he explain why the Government failed to use the Energy Bill to ban flaring and venting?
Why did they whip their own MPs to vote against an amendment that would have outlawed it, and given that the practice has been  illegal in Norway since the 1970s, will he finally recognise that this makes a mockery of Ministers’ claims about UK oil and gas being greener?
Unusually, the hon.
Lady has got her facts wrong: I do not think that amendment was even selected for debate that day.
According to the North Sea Transition Authority, flaring was reduced by more than 10% just last year, contributing to a reduction of nearly 50% between 2018 and 2022.
As I have said, the North Sea Transition Authority estimates that methane emissions have fallen by more than 40% to fewer than 1 million tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent—a record low.
We have old existing infrastructure and are moving with a maximum of ambition to reduce emissions, and we have a successful track record to date.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her Department’s policies of the Climate Change Committee’s 2023 Progress Report to Parliament, published in June 2023.
I am grateful for the work of the Climate Change Committee, and I pay tribute in particular to the commitment of its outgoing chair, Lord Deben.
The Government will respond to the committee’s report in October.
The latest Climate Change Committee report found that, out of 50 key indicators of Government progress on tackling climate change, just nine were on track.
According to Energy UK, even before the disastrous offshore wind auction, the UK was forecast to have the slowest growth in low-carbon electricity generation of the world’s eight largest economies up to 2030.
Does the Minister recognise that the Government’s failure has cost every family £180 in higher bills?
Our climate leadership is measurable and real.
We have reduced emissions by more than any other major economy since 1990.
We were the first to legislate for net zero.
We have eliminated coal, which as late as 2012 produced nearly 40% of our electricity supply—the legacy of the Labour party—and we have lifted renewables from 7% to 48%.
We have cut emissions by more than others, transforming our energy system, and we are leading on this issue internationally and domestically.
That is exactly what the Government rely on in fulfilling their aspiration to climate leadership.
Does my right hon.
Friend accept that one consequence of the Climate Change Committee report is to increase our country’s reliance on Chinese technology and raw materials?
China has even greater offshore wind capacity than ourselves—it has the largest wind and largest solar capacity in the world—and it has a significant level of production.
We recognise that we will need technology from all over the world, including China, if we are to meet our net zero aspirations.