For years people have been calling on the Government to have a proper plan to help our steel industry decarbonise.
Instead, the industry has lurched from crisis to crisis, and now the Government are spending £500 million in a deal that will make thousands of Port Talbot steelworkers redundant.
Is it not the simple truth that jobs and wealth will be lost because there is no comprehensive plan for steel, automotive or any industry that needs to decarbonise?
I refer the hon.
Lady to my previous comments.
The investment will provide long-term security for at least 5,000 steel jobs.
We have had record investment of £4 billion in the auto industry this year.
Again, I urge her to look at her own party’s plans.
Its industry decarbonisation plans are disastrous, and will push jobs and investment out of this country.
If she will take steps to ensure that consumers do not pay for heat network remediation.
What steps she is taking to support heat network customers with energy bills.
What assessment she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of introducing a mandatory price cap on heat networks.
The Government are providing millions in support for remedial work through the heat networks efficiency scheme.
We are supporting customers with their bills via the energy bills discount scheme.
Through the Energy Bill we will appoint Ofgem as a heat network regulator, so that customers benefit from fairer prices.
I must declare that I live in a block with a heat network.
Many heat networks will be quite expensive to change under the technical rules proposed by the Government for 2024.
Given many blocks have also had cladding and other pressures on leaseholders, are the Government looking carefully to ensure that customers are not being overlayered with many more charges to remediate networks?
Through the heat network efficiency scheme, the Government are providing £32 million to upgrade existing heat networks and reduce energy costs.
The scheme will upgrade old equipment and help consumers in more than 10,000 houses to reduce their energy use.
We will shortly announce the first awards from the fund.
Residents living in New Mill Quarter in Hackbridge in my constituency have been plagued by a litany of problems since they were connected to the Sutton decentralised energy network, including an inability to change tariffs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that residents have been let down by the mismanagement identified in an independent report on its poor running by Lib Dem-run Sutton Council?
Will she commit to working with me to ensure that heat network customers, who have nowhere else to go for their energy, are protected by new measures in the Energy Bill?
I know how hard my hon.
Friend works for his constituents and I thank him for bringing this scheme to my attention.
We want all heat network customers to receive a high-quality service and fair pricing, which is why we are appointing Ofgem as a regulator through the Energy Bill and currently consulting on how it will operate.
Of course I will meet my hon.
Friend.
Many of my residents are locked into district heat network schemes.
They have been paying up to 13 times more than the rest of the UK because  they are not protected by the energy price cap.
Do the Government not think it is time to implement a mandatory price cap straight away?
At this moment in time we do not think that a uniform price cap would benefit consumers, given the huge diversity in size and scale of providers in the market.
However, through the Energy Bill, the Secretary of State will have powers to introduce a price cap, should one be beneficial in future.
What estimate her Department has made of the number of families in fuel poverty.
In 2022, there were an estimated 3.26 million households in fuel poverty.
The additional support we provided last year prevented 350,000 households from falling into fuel poverty in 2022.
The established targeted support remains in place, while from July 2023 household energy bills have been falling.
Over 40,000 families in Bradford have been plunged into uncertainty as the Tory Government lurch from crisis to crisis.
More than one in five of my constituents now live in fuel poverty, yet the Minister still comes here today with no real plans or solutions, and no real windfall tax on the booming profits of energy giants.
Let me ask the Minister to put herself in the shoes of my constituents.
What does she have to say to those who, frankly, have been abandoned and have to choose between a warm home, a full stomach and school uniforms for their children?
Having experienced fuel poverty myself when I was growing up, I do understand completely how the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents feel.
That is why the Government are absolutely committed to ensuring that we support people.
We have given unprecedented support.
We have the warm home discount and the cost of living payment, among many other measures, to help constituents through the cost of living.
What steps she is taking to help promote the creation of high-skilled jobs in the renewable energy sector.
This is a crucial area.
There are already over 400,000 jobs in the renewable energy sector and that will rise steeply over time.
We are investing billions in skills, including green skills and including 26,000 training opportunities in energy efficiency and low carbon heating.
May I urge the Government to give real priority to the creation of apprenticeships in the renewable energy and green sector?
That way, we can use net zero to create great opportunities for young people and boost social mobility.
As a former Education Minister, I am absolutely passionate about this area.
We have delivered almost 5.5 million apprenticeships since 2010.
The Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  chairs the green jobs delivery group, which will publish a net zero and nature workforce action plan in the first of half of 2024.