The Minister may be surprised—[Interruption.]
Indeed, Question 9, Mr Speaker.
What plans she has with Cabinet colleagues to help increase the capacity of local authorities to deliver area-based home retrofit schemes.
To support English local authorities, we fund an embedded technical assistance facility, providing access to experts, training and guidance to enhance their capability to deliver our domestic grant schemes.
Second time lucky.
The Minister may be surprised—[Laughter]—to hear the following words leave my lips, and I know I am: I agree with the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , in her claim that low and middle-income households cannot afford to pay for the transition to net zero.
Where we differ is that I do not believe that we should let the planet burn, as she does.
Instead, the wealthy must pay for the green transition.
Will the Minister commit to income and wealth redistribution and finally give households and local authorities the ability to transition successfully?
The Government provide a wide range of funding to support local authorities in reaching net zero through the core settlement, grant funding schemes and UK growth funding.
The Government are enabling local authorities to tackle net zero goals.
One of the biggest challenges that we have in delivering home retrofit schemes in Cumbria is not with local authorities but with industry capacity and skills.
What are the Government doing to try to send the right signals to industry so that we are getting the right skills into the supply chain to deliver some of these schemes, especially in areas such as Cumbria where we have skills deserts?
My hon.
Friend makes a really important point on skills.
In fact, we have invested £15 million in subsidised training over the past three years and have provided 16,800 training opportunities.
We will continue to support this important industry.
Whether she plans to issue guidance to people with oil-fired heating on replacement of boilers.
The Government have created an online advice service to help consumers in replacing fossil fuel heating systems, including oil boilers, with a heat pump.
We are also providing funding through the boiler upgrade scheme.
This will be helpful.
Absolutely, Mr Speaker.
There is a panic now in Germany as its premature ban on gas-fired boilers approaches.
The Minister will want to avoid a similar panic as we approach our own premature ban on oil-fired boilers, won’t he?
As ever, I thank my right hon.
Friend.
We are listening.
As the Prime Minister set out, we will reduce our emissions in line with our obligations but do so in a way that recognises the challenges that families face.
Off-grid households will be supported through the transition, and we will respond to the consultation in due course.
During the summer recess, when I was touring villages, I found in my corner of Devon that some constituents are worried about whether they should replace their oil-fired boiler in the next couple of years with a heat pump or put their faith in hydro-treated vegetable oil.
Some have been encouraged by the pilots of so-called HVO as an alternative source to heating oil.
What assurances can the Minister offer that it will be a truly sustainable source of fuel and not made from palm oil, which encourages deforestation?
Or should we put 100% of our efforts into heat pumps?
As the hon.
Member doubtless knows, we have conducted a consultation on the use of HVO in heating, and we are determined to ensure that we decarbonise heat in homes, including off-grid homes, in a way that is practical and aligned with minimising any negative impacts on those families.
What steps her Department is taking to help energy-intensive industries decarbonise.
The Government have committed £20 billion to support the early development of carbon capture and storage, and £500 million for the industrial energy transformation fund to help industry decarbonise, phase 3 of which is expected to open for applications in early 2024.
May I put on the record the thanks of Back Benchers to the Clerk of the House for his work?
Steel accounts for 8% of global carbon dioxide emissions and 50,000 jobs here in the UK.
We have no viable alternative to steel, which is why the Government’s decision to go with an electric arc furnace only modelled for decarbonisation does not make any sense.
Not only does it put at risk thousands of jobs but it makes the industry vulnerable to changes in steel prices, as the UK will have to import it.
The Minister spoke about carbon capture, but can she explain why the Government have not gone for a combination of technologies such as carbon capture, or the retrofitting required for hydrogen-based steel production?
That way, we would not only decarbonise the industry but protect those vital jobs and the industry in the UK for generations to come.
As the Business and Trade Secretary set out, the Government’s deal has provided long-term security for at least 5,000 steel jobs.
The investment will grow UK domestic green steel production.
I gently urge the hon.
Lady to look at her party’s plans for industry, which have been described as impossible and decimating the working classes.
Energy-intensive industries come in many forms.
Can my right hon.
Friend provide any reassurance that the Government will review the classifications of what constitutes an energy-intensive industry?
SB Joinery in my constituency contains a large sawmill and planing facility, but has been deemed ineligible for high levels of the energy bills discount scheme.
Would my right hon.
Friend be prepared to look at that case personally?
I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend and discuss that particular case.
We keep looking at everything we can do to support business, as we have done this entire time.