Thanks to Government policy and spending, we will support another 480,000 jobs in the green sector by 2030.
As I said, we are leading the way in decarbonising faster than any other G7 country, with the jobs that come with that right across the country.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to her place and remind her that we started in this place at the same time, four years ago.
Will she highlight the job opportunities in the new renewable energy sector that AI presents for my constituents in Bolton?
My hon.
Friend raises an interesting point about the job opportunities presented by AI, which will undoubtedly have an effect across the country and a beneficial effect in this sector.
I would be delighted to meet him to speak about this further, but we will be setting out more detail on our green jobs delivery group and our net zero and nature workforce action plan in the first half of 2024.
Would it not boost skills in renewable energy generation and installation, as well as encouraging more uptake, if all those installing solar energy schemes had to be certified under the microgeneration certification scheme so that the householder, farm or business concerned would be guaranteed payment for surplus energy fed into the grid?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks an interesting question.
We have explored his suggestion of legislating to make certification mandatory.
We have no such plans at this time, as there is a mature approach to certification standards, and most UK domestic solar installations already take place within well-established schemes.
What assessment she has made of the potential contribution of Great British Nuclear to domestic nuclear energy targets.
The British energy security strategy sets out our ambition for deploying  up to 24 GW of civil nuclear by 2050.
We launched Great British Nuclear to help deliver new nuclear projects, starting with a small modular reactor competition.
The GBN offer to successful vendors will include funding to support technology development and support with accessing sites.
May I say “Croeso” and welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place?
Wylfa is recognised as the best site for new nuclear in the UK—if not in Europe—but a Welsh Affairs Committee report stated recently that ownership of the site is holding back progress.
What are the Minister and Great British Nuclear doing to transfer its ownership from Hitachi to an active nuclear developer?
The terms “doughty champion” and “passionate” are regularly thrown about in this place, but when it is a case of championing Wylfa new nuclear, no one comes close to my hon.
Friend.
When launching the small modular reactor competition in July, the Secretary of State indicated that, as part of a comprehensive offer to industry, GBN would support access to sites for successful vendors, and Wylfa is one of a number of sites that could host civil nuclear projects.
However, no siting decisions have been made so far.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since my appointment a fortnight ago, the Energy Bill—which will deliver cheaper, cleaner, more secure energy—was given a Third Reading in this House.
We have funded a record 95 renewable energy projects, and I have visited our pioneering Culham Centre for Fusion Energy.
I have also launched the £1 billion Great British insulation scheme.
We have bolstered our energy collaborations with Ireland and Japan, we have made our biggest ever climate finance pledge, and just yesterday we invited partners to invest in Sizewell C, a major component of our nuclear revival.