My hon.
Friend is right.
Last year we were dependent on fossil fuels for 77% of our energy.
If we import more gas from abroad, it will be in the form of liquefied natural gas, which, according to a report from the North Sea Transition Authority two weeks ago, has four times the production emissions of domestic gas.
The Scottish National party, ably supported by the Labour party, wants to threaten 200,000 jobs, £50 billion of tax revenue over the next five years, and the very subsea engineering and technological capability—not to mention the balance sheets—that we need to develop hydrogen, carbon capture, usage and storage, and the rest of the transition.
It is madness, and it is the policy of the SNP.
Yes, we need increased electric arc capacity to reprocess more scrap steel in the UK, but Trostre tinplate packaging works in my constituency needs a grade of steel that can be produced only by the blast furnace process, until green production technologies are developed.
With 23 such projects elsewhere in Europe, will the Secretary of State commit to investing in developing these technologies at Port Talbot, thus reducing emissions and keeping jobs in Port Talbot and Llanelli?
I share the hon.
Lady’s enthusiasm for keeping those jobs, which is why we are investing hundreds of millions of pounds to ensure that these industries can make that transition.
I entirely agree with her on the importance of innovation and making sure it is embedded so that not only do we sustain those industries but so that, through innovation, we can strengthen them in the years ahead.
A decade ago, the onshore wind industry committed to a community benefit protocol to provide compensation of £5,000 per MW installed per annum to communities for the duration of a wind scheme.
So far, solar developers have refused to do something similar, and surely that is not fair.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that compensation schemes must be equal, whether wind or solar is involved?
It is perhaps typical of my hon.
Friend that not only is she asking a question and championing this issue, but she has scheduled a meeting with me immediately afterwards.
I look forward to discussing this with her and making sure that we have the most coherent position possible as to where we are set on rewarding communities that host transmission infrastructure and other parts of our transition.
I look forward to having that conversation with her in the coming minutes.
My constituent Lee Haywood is on a communal heat network, and he and his neighbours saw their price per kWh double last winter.
What protection can the Minister give as we come into the next winter, as residents in Dalmarnock are really worried that prices will again soar in this unregulated area?
We have put in place protection to ensure that prices are not going to go up; we have the energy price guarantee.
In addition, let me point out that prices are coming down.
Do the Government think the UK is on track to meet the 2050 net zero target?
Do the Government think the UK will meet that target?
Do the Government even really care?
We have, of course, met all our carbon budgets to date.
In the progress report, the Climate Change Committee said it had increased confidence in our meeting carbon budget 4 and, yes, this country will meet its net zero targets by 2050.
It will do so in line with the advice that we are given, and I am proud of the fact—the hon.
Gentleman could share this with his constituents, who may be concerned otherwise—that this country has cut its emissions by more than any other major economy on earth, thanks to the policies of this Government.
This morning, I received a text from one of the leadership team at one of our local hospices.
It said that “there has been no additional support for our energy costs.
Costs have gone up while statutory support hasn’t changed...
Hospices UK lobbied for additional support…to no avail… We operate 24/7 and have to keep the heating on—you know what the weather is like in Cumbria in the winter!”
When will the Minister come up with a bespoke support scheme for our vital hospices?