According to analysis by the Resolution Foundation, more than a third of British households face higher bills from the end of this month because of higher standing charges and the demise of the energy bills support scheme, and the people who use the least energy, and those in the poorest households, are disproportionately worse off.
At the same time, the windfall tax has massive loopholes costing billions.
Would not closing those loopholes and extending more help to people during the cost of living crisis be the right thing to do?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the Government are raising a 75% energy profits levy, and he will also be aware that standing charges are a matter for Ofgem.
Let me reiterate, however, that we are mindful of the cost of living crisis and have been providing support with the warm home discount, the £900 cost of living payment, and a raft of other measures to support people through this crisis.
The launch last week of the Great British insulation scheme was very welcome.
So as to build on this and to kickstart a mass retrofitting revolution, will my hon.
Friend liaise with the Treasury to obtain its support for the introduction of such fiscal measures as an energy-saving stamp duty and an employee benefits scheme similar to the cycle to work scheme?
The Government set the aspiration in the clean growth strategy of upgrading as many homes as possible to energy performance certificate band C by 2035, where practical, cost-effective and affordable.
We remain committed to that aspiration.
Although tax policy sits with the Treasury, we are considering how to improve energy efficiency for owner-occupied homes and plan to consult by the end of 2023.
Energy companies have accumulated hundreds of pounds, if not over £1,000, in consumer credit.
When those companies go into administration, the company taking over does not honour that credit and people often with very little means have lost hundreds or thousands of pounds.
How will the Minister ensure that they get compensation and get credited by the new company with the amount of money they have lost?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are in constant conversations with Ofgem on such matters.
Although this is a matter for Ofgem, I have a regular meeting to make sure that we are on top of this.
Energy from waste requires burning waste and it is therefore not conducive to net zero.
The expansion of the Beddington incinerator in my constituency is not needed to meet local demand, so can my right hon.
Friend assure me that the Environment Agency will take that into account before making a decision on whether or not to license?
The Environment Agency’s recent consultation on varying the environmental permit for the Beddington  energy recovery plant closed on  1 September .
The Environment Agency will carefully consider all relevant responses and issue a final decision in due course.
In the Select Committee inquiry into preparations for this winter, one of the repeated calls that we have heard from expert witnesses is to support the vulnerable and fuel poor with a social tariff.
Will the Minister do that?
Of course we are aware of the challenges that are facing consumers this coming winter, which is why we are keeping the price cap as a safety net.
To give the hon.
Gentleman reassurance, we will be monitoring the situation in case we need to look at this further.
Recent investment in electric vehicle charging and the EV supply chain shows the benefit of the Government setting clear targets so that the private sector has the confidence to invest.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that if we had similar policy consistency across the whole of the economy, we would see greater investment in green growth and in meeting decarbonisation by 2050?
The zero-emission vehicles mandate supports our commitment to end the sale of new petrol and diesel cars and vans.
By setting it many years in advance and giving clear notice to the market, it provides appropriate stimulus to industry in a way that the ultra low emission zone singularly fails to do, as my hon.
Friend will have noted.
The Energy Minister got his facts wrong in his earlier response to  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas) , so he might want to correct the record.
The Liberal Democrat amendment to the Energy Bill to tackle flaring, venting and leaking of methane was selected for a separate vote.
It would have reduced methane emissions by 72 %.
Why did his Government vote it down?
I stand corrected.
On that issue, we have infrastructure, some of which dates from the 1970s, and we are moving at the maximum possible speed.
It is technologically and economically challenging to make this change, and yet, as I set out earlier, we are already showing significant efforts, and of course we are champions of the methane pledge, which we plan to exceed.
When I am at COP28, I will be urging other countries to follow us in agreeing and supporting that World Bank methane pledge.
The hydrogen industry will, I am sure, welcome the introduction of the hydrogen production business model for green hydrogen, with a further business model planned for next year, but the storage and transportation business model for hydrogen is not due to be finalised until 2025.
For customers of companies such as Luxfer Gas Cylinders of Colwick in my Gedling constituency, this is a potential barrier to some projects moving forward.
Can my right hon.
Friend give come clarity on the sequencing and whether there is scope to bring forward the storage and transportation business model so that the timing is joined up?
My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the challenge of bringing all the pieces together to unlock opportunity.
The Government will promote the whole hydrogen economy—production, demand, networks and storage—and stimulate private sector investment.
In August, the Government published the low-carbon hydrogen agreement, setting out the hydrogen production business model’s terms.
We will award contracts for that in quarter 4 of 2023.
My colleagues and I are happy to meet my hon.
Friend to talk about making sure we get this absolutely right so that we maximise its benefits.
Biodiesel producers in my constituency are being undercut by cheap Chinese imports because of the Government’s decision to award them inward processing relief.
This is making it difficult for us to support UK industry, so can we have an explanation for why that decision was made?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman.
Writing for The Daily Telegraph last year, our now Prime Minister said: “On my watch, we will not lose swathes of our best farmland to solar farms.”
Yet the industry has not heard that, and vast swathes of farmland in my constituency, totalling 16 square miles, are open to planning, engulfing whole villages and using the best and most versatile land.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how he and the Department can ensure that the Prime Minister keeps his very important promise?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that planning policy and the associated guidance encourage large-scale solar projects to be located on previously developed or lower-value land.
Where greenfield sites or high-grade land are used, developers are required to justify using such land and to design their projects to avoid, mitigate and, where necessary, compensate for any impacts.
I hear my hon.
Friend’s personal testimony, and I will be happy to meet her to discuss this further.
Almost 20% of the housing stock in my constituency dates from before 1919 and is therefore classified as historical.
What plan does the Department have to improve skill levels in retrofitting historical residential buildings?
As I previously mentioned, retrofitting is one of our most important projects.
Of course, skills are a real issue, which is why we are delighted that this will enable us to enhance our skill bases.