Let me turn now to the initial advice.
Three new cases emerged over the summer, and some were subject to advice, as the hon.
Lady says, which came on  21 August .
I instructed those involved to get more technical information.
The last case is really what tipped us into making a decision.
It was a very difficult decision—I am not sure the hon.
Lady would have made it because Labour do not tend to make these difficult decisions, and the Labour Government in Wales have still not done so—because of the impact on children and because of the impact on our school leaders and teachers.
The last case, which was in another school setting in England, took place on  24 August .
We went to investigate that to see what had happened.
On my own decision, I went abroad because that was the first time that I could go abroad.
I went abroad for my father’s birthday, knowing that I would still be chairing the meetings, which I did on Saturday, Sunday and Monday, and then I made the decision—as we had now made a decision— to come back from holiday immediately.
My return was delayed by one day because of the air traffic control incident, so I got back to announce the decision on Thursday.
When I looked at the new case, I said that we needed to get technical evidence.
The second thing I said was that we needed to operationalise this.
I knew that this would be difficult.
I did not want to put schools in a position where, if I put out a notice via the media or directly, they would be left with the problem.
I wanted  to stand up caseworkers.
I wanted to stand up portacabins.
I wanted to speak to utility companies to make sure that everything would be in place so that we could minimise the length of time that it took to put up those portacabins.
I wanted to put more structural engineering companies in place, because I knew that we would do more surveys.
I also wanted to make sure that we had a nationwide propping company, so that we could put the largely horizontal structural solutions in place to fix everything.
When we have to make a major decision, there is no point creating more issues than we need to.
We need to operationalise that decision, which is what I decided to do.
The time from the last case to the announcement was one week.
That is probably one of the quickest decisions that most people have made in this House and we operationalised it, all while I was still working, as I always do.