The Minister is desperate to do so.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
The hon.
Lady is quite right to raise this in that way, and I am happy both to withdraw that and to apologise to her for getting my facts wrong on that occasion.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on the number of schools affected by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete and the impact of building closures on children’s learning.
As I said in my statement to the House on  4 September , this Government are supporting affected schools and colleges to minimise disruption to education.
I thank headteachers, staff, local authorities and trusts who continue to provide face-to-face education to their pupils.
Two weeks ago, we published a list of education settings with buildings affected by RAAC.
Before I provide an update, I want to reiterate that our view is that parents and children should find out from their school, not from a list on a Government website or from the media.
Our approach has always prioritised that, giving schools and colleges the space to focus on what is important: minimising disruption to education.
None the less, we recognise the public interest.
On  6 September  we published a list of 147 education settings known to be affected by RAAC.
Thanks to the hard work of school and college leaders, all of those settings are now offering face-to-face education, with 126 settings offering full-time face-to-face education to all pupils.
We have today published an updated list including a further 27 settings with confirmed RAAC.
Of the 174 confirmed cases, 148 settings are providing full-time face-to-face education to all pupils.
As I have said before, we will do everything in our power to support schools and colleges in responding to RAAC in their buildings.
Every school or college with confirmed RAAC is assigned a dedicated support from our team of 80 caseworkers.
A bespoke plan is put in place to ensure they receive the support that suits their circumstances.
Project delivery teams are on site to provide support, whether that is ordering or finding alternative accommodation options or putting in place structural solutions.
We will fund these mitigations, including installing alternative classroom space.
Where schools and colleges make reasonable requests for additional help with revenue costs, such as transport to locations, those will be approved.
We will also fund longer-term refurbishment or rebuilding projects to permanently remove RAAC, through capital grants or rebuilding projects through the school rebuilding programme.
I want to reassure pupils, parents and staff that this Government will do whatever it takes to support our schools and colleges, to keep everybody safe, to respond to RAAC and to minimise disruption to education.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
Before I go any further, let me emphasise that the safety of children should rightly be the priority of every Member of this House.
However, the question today is not simply about whether that should be our priority, but about the colossal shambles of a Secretary of State who, as we learned from the Education Committee this  morning, did not merely sit on new advice about the safety of school buildings, which she received on  21 August , but did nothing for four days.
And then she acted decisively—she went on holiday for the best part of a week.
Some 10 days passed from the day she received the crucial advice to the day the headteachers were told to close their schools, causing chaos for parents.
Just a fortnight ago, the Secretary of State’s response to questions about the management of the Department’s own building was simple and proud, the motto she has made her own: “nothing to do with me”.
She had done a “good job”, while others had been sat on their backsides.
Does the Secretary of State still think that is good enough?
More simply, even under this Prime Minister, weak as he is, and this Government, how on earth did she think she could get away with going on holiday rather than taking any form of action at all?
Will she at last take responsibility for 13 years of failure, three weeks of chaos and the years stretching ahead of the children who are sitting under steel girders?
When will all our children be back in their own schools and classrooms?
Parents, families, staff and, above all, our children deserve answers, and they deserve better from this Government and better than this Secretary of State.