According to the Climate Change Committee, “the private sector…is being held back…by weak policy signals, uncertainty, and barriers to investment,” and perhaps we would not need to be so reliant on China if those issues were addressed.
Just last month, UK investors representing £1.5 trillion in assets wrote to the Prime Minister, warning that that could mean the UK missing out on 1.7 million jobs.
Will this zombie Government listen to investors and their own advisers, look at the game-changing interventions in the States and bring forward a UK version of the Inflation Reduction Act before it is too late to save British businesses and British jobs?
Yet another unfunded spending commitment from the Labour party—the party that left us with less than 7% of our electricity coming from renewables and that left us reliant on coal; a party that wants to nationalise the industry and drive out all those companies that have transformed the North Sea basin, led the world in cutting the cost of offshore wind, and made us the European leader in offshore wind and the global leader in cutting emissions.
The Labour party is the biggest enemy of net zero and the biggest enemy of the private investment in this country that will help us get there.
What steps she is taking to help develop the onshore wind industry in England.
What steps she is taking to help develop the onshore wind industry in England.
The Government recently announced changes to national planning policy, giving greater flexibility to local authorities to respond to suitable opportunities for onshore wind.
The Government also want communities to benefit from hosting onshore wind and have consulted on improving the current system of community benefits for England.
The truth is that the Government have failed to properly lift the ban on onshore wind, while bending over backwards to support expensive new oilfields and even giving billions in tax breaks for those polluting projects.
That ban has already added hundreds of pounds to people’s bills, undermining the investment we need in the cheapest form of energy, and cost thousands of good green jobs.
Will the Minister not admit that the Government’s failure to properly lift the ban on onshore wind will continue to keep bills higher and makes us less energy-secure?
More than 15 GW of onshore wind are deployed in the UK.
In our allocation round 5 just the other day, we secured 1.7 GW of onshore wind capacity; allocation round 4 secured 1.5 GW.
It is extraordinary: an industry—domestic UK oil and gas—has lower emissions than the alternative from abroad and employs 200,000 people, every one of whose jobs is at risk if the Labour party ever gets into power.
Labour  Members are suggesting that there is a negative fiscal impact, when that industry is expected to contribute £50 billion over the next five years.
The Labour party is an enemy of the transition to net zero and of British jobs and prosperity.
If the Minister will not accept the argument of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds East (Richard Burgon)  , will he at least listen to industry, which described the recent announcement on onshore wind as a “missed opportunity” to end the ban?
RenewableUK said: “The proposed changes don’t go far enough” and would not make up for “eight years of lost progress.”
When will the Minister listen to industry and lift the ban properly so that we can cut bills?
On  5 September , the Government announced changes to national planning policy for onshore wind in England, giving greater flexibility to allocate suitable areas and to address the planning impact of onshore wind.
I agree with the hon.
Lady; I am an enthusiast for more onshore wind where it goes with the grain of communities, and we will continue to pursue that to make sure that we can realise the benefits that come from it.