She is open about her approach to health care

and continuously strives to determine what the best course of action is

for each individual.
Dr. Lim truly listens to her patients and

recommends a treatment plan that is best aligned with that patient's

values and wishes.
Dr. Lim offers both medical and surgical treatment

options and strives to be as minimally invasive as possible when it

comes to surgery.
In her work, Dr. Lim is conscientious, knowledgeable,

and addresses even the smallest of concerns from her patients.
She

exemplifies the values of what it means to be an excellent caretaker

and serves as a leader in her field of work.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Courtney

S. Lim for her continued service to her patients.
Dr. Lim conducts

herself in a way that our future doctors should aspire to: thoughtfully

listening to each and every patient, and serving as a steady,

compassionate force for patients to find comfort with.
I have no doubt

she will continue to exhibit her dedication and genuine care in

treatment for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KAREN EPTING

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions made in our community by one of my constituents,

Karen Epting.
Ms. Epting's leadership at the YMCA of the Suncoast--

James P Gill's Family Branch goes beyond mere titles; it's rooted in

her genuine passion for making a difference in the Pasco community.
As

Chair of the YMCA Branch Advisory Council for many years, she provided

strategic guidance and rolled up her sleeves to actively participate in

the branch's many initiatives and events.
Her role as Campaign Chair

for the YMCA's fundraising efforts in Pasco County underscores her

ability to rally support and resources for vital programs and services.
Her dedication ensures that the YMCA can continue its mission of

serving the community effectively.
Karen's continued involvement in the

YMCA's partnership with Feeding Tampa Bay reflects her compassionate

response to urgent community needs.
Karen helps oversee the

distribution of food to over 130 families every two weeks.
In this

capacity she not only addresses immediate hunger but also fosters a

sense of belonging and support within the community.
Coordinating a team of 30 volunteers is no small feat, yet Karen does

so gracefully and efficiently.
She assists in recruiting and training

volunteers and fosters a sense of camaraderie and purpose among them.
Her hands-on approach during food pick-ups, where she personally

welcomes each family and assists with intake procedures, demonstrates

her commitment to serving others with dignity and respect.
Karen's

advocacy for youth literacy is also a testament to her belief in the

power of education to transform lives.
By leading volunteer efforts for

youth reading programs, she promotes literacy and instills a love for

learning in young minds, empowering them to reach their full potential.
During the holidays, Karen's leadership shines brightly as she

volunteers many hours to the YMCA's Seasons of Giving and Giving Tree

programs, encouraging community members to spread joy and generosity by

purchasing gifts for children in need.
Her ability to inspire others to

give back underscores her exceptional leadership and ability to

mobilize resources for the greater good.
Despite her preference for

working behind the scenes, Karen's impact reverberates throughout the

YMCA and the community at large.
Her selfless dedication and unwavering

passion serve as a beacon of hope and inspiration, inspiring others to

follow in her footsteps and make a positive difference in the world.
It is clear that Ms. Epting has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SALINE FIDDLERS' 30TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.