Under his leadership, the university has received

recognition as one of the Best Regional Universities and Best Values in

the South.
In 2020, Dr. Greer helmed the impressive modernization and

expansion of 25 additional academic programs, elevating Milligan's

status from a college to a university.
Dr. Greer's presidency is highlighted by a series of significant

accomplishments, including record enrollment, giving, and endowment

growth.
He presided over the integration of Emmanuel Christian

Seminary, the establishment of Milligan Village, and the growth of

multiple academic and athletic facilities.
His efforts have

significantly increased the university's footprint to 355 acres and

brought numerous national recognitions to Milligan.
Additionally, Dr. Greer's focus on Milligan's mission as a premier,

Christian liberal arts institution has resulted in the education and

support of thousands of students, overseeing nearly 4,000 graduates

under his tenure.
Furthermore, his leadership during the COVID-19

pandemic exemplified compassion and resilience, guiding the university

through unprecedented challenges.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Bill

Greer for his outstanding service to Milligan and our region.
His

retirement marks the end of an era of exceptional service and dynamic

leadership.
I am certain his legacy will continue to inspire current

and future generations of Buffs.
I wish him and his family all the best

in his retirement and his continued service as Chancellor of Milligan

University.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DANIEL PRITZ

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the

unique contributions of one of my constituents, Daniel Pritz, who

serves as a volunteer Board Member for the local non-profit,

Brooksville Main Street.
These outstanding volunteers put in hundreds

of hours while running their businesses and organizations.
They have all come together for a common cause--to serve the

community by bringing much-loved events to downtown Brooksville.
Each

of these board members have servant hearts, and their dedication and

commitment to our community is impressive.
Part of what makes our

country so great is the willingness of ordinary Americans to go above

and beyond to selflessly give back to others.
Volunteerism is one of the cornerstones of our society and part of

the fabric that unites us.
It is clear that Daniel Pritz and fellow board members have made a

profoundly positive impact on our community, and I am grateful for

their service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
COURTNEY STACEY LIM FOR HER DECADE OF EXEMPLARY CARE

AND SERVICE

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Courtney S.

Lim, on the occasion of her 10 years of practicing medicine.
Her

continued dedication and service to her patients in Ann Arbor, Michigan

is worthy of commendation.
Dr. Courtney Lim attended the University of Michigan Medical School

in 2008, then went on to complete her residency at the McGaw Medical

Center at Northwestern University in 2012, earning a board

certification for obstetrics and gynecology.
Afterwards, she returned

to Ann Arbor, where she continued her education through a fellowship,

achieving a Focused Practice designation in Minimally Invasive

Gynecologic Surgery in 2014 from the American Board of Obstetrics and

Gynecology.
Now practicing as Service Chief of Gynecology at the

University of Michigan's Von Voigtlander Women's Hospital in Ann Arbor,

Dr. Lim is serving patients with extreme care and compassion.
Dr. Lim is committed to caring for those afflicted with complex

gynecologic disorders.
She is open about her approach to health care

and continuously strives to determine what the best course of action is

for each individual.
Dr. Lim truly listens to her patients and

recommends a treatment plan that is best aligned with that patient's

values and wishes.
Dr. Lim offers both medical and surgical treatment

options and strives to be as minimally invasive as possible when it

comes to surgery.