Additionally, he

takes on responsibility of Class President for his senior class and

Vice-President for Jobs for Mississippi Graduates.
While Jaylen has achieved many accomplishments and held numerous

leadership roles, his faith in God remains his utmost priority.
He is

an active member of the New Covenant Missionary Baptist Church in

Clarksdale, Mississippi, where he finds solace and support from his

church family.
Apart from his academic and extracurricular pursuits, Jaylen has a

strong passion for caring for the elderly in his community.
To support

this cause, he organized a community service project to raise funds for

blankets and sock footies during the cold winter months.
Jaylen

successfully purchased these items for all the residents of Quitman

County Health and Rehab, bringing joy and comfort to the vital citizens

in need.
Furthermore, he has also extended his support to preschoolers

by sponsoring a class during Christmas time, motivating and uplifting

their young minds with toys and treats.
Jaylen finds great satisfaction

in nurturing the future leaders of his small town.
With a deep commitment to giving back and caring for his community,

Jaylen has decided to pursue nursing in his undergraduate studies in

college.
His ultimate goal is to continue his education in graduate

school, aiming for a doctorate degree to make a significant impact on

his community.
Jaylen is driven and excited to be the best version of

himself, striving to make his family, friends, and community proud.
He

firmly believes that nothing is impossible with faith and lives by the

inspiring words of Philippians 4:13, ``I can do all things through

Christ who strenghens me.''
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in acknowledging and

celebrating the outstanding achievements of Jaylen Watson.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CRITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF MR.
ANGELO K. TSAKOPOULOS

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Angelo K.

Tsakopoulos upon receiving the American Hellenic Institution Hellenic

Heritage Lifetime Achievement Award.
Mr. Tsakopoulos is the founder,

CEO, and co-chairman of AKT Development and has devoted his career to

improving California for all.
Born in Arcadia, Greece, Mr. Tsakopoulos first came to the United

States at the age of 15.
He worked diligently to send money home to his

family in Greece and attended the University of Illinois and Sacramento

State University, where he cultivated his passion for learning.
In

1964, he founded AKT Development, beginning what would become a

lifetime of leadership in California's residential and commercial

development.
Through his work with AKT Development, Mr. Tsakopoulos built entire

communities, universities, and homes, helping California and its

residents thrive.
Since its founding, AKT Development has built over

60,000 homes and today, it manages nearly 20,000 acres of farmland in

Northern and Central California.
Mr. Tsakopoulos' critical work is

characterized by his commitment to balancing the need for natural

spaces with real estate development.
His philosophy is simple: plant as

many trees as possible and preserve the existing ones whenever

possible.
Mr. Tsakopoulos' passion for environmental stewardship led him to

establish the Sacramento Tree Foundation, which is dedicated to

protecting and growing the urban forest within Sacramento.
His

dedication to planting and preserving trees as both a developer and

lifelong advocate will continue to benefit California for generations.
Mr. Tsakopoulos' leadership, generosity, and compassionate spirit

have impacted the lives of countless members of his community and

beyond.
I join the American Hellenic Institution in honoring the

critical contributions of Mr. Tsakopoulos.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CRITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS OF MS.
CHLOE STEMLER

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in deep appreciation of Ms.

Chloe Stemler for her service to the American people as a member of my

staff.
Ms. Stemler joined my office in January of 2023 as an intern, having

graduated from George Washington University.