It is clear that Ms. Epting has made a profoundly positive impact on

our community, and I am grateful for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SALINE FIDDLERS' 30TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Saline

Fiddlers Philharmonic, a premier youth fiddling show band from Saline,

Michigan, on their 30th anniversary.
Comprised of students from Saline

High School the fiddlers present an energetic and polished show that

features a diverse range of music from American folk, fiddle,

bluegrass, jazz, western swing, and Celtic traditions.
Their 30 years

of unforgettable performances are remarkable, and their commitment and

skill are worthy of commendation.
The Fiddlers began in 1994 with the simple idea of introducing an

alternative style of musical education to public school students to

maintain and expand their interest in musical performance.
Since 1994,

these remarkable students have set the standard for extracurricular

music programs in the United States and have become a model for

instruction and motivation that other schools across the nation have

added to their own programs.
With over 1,500 performances in the majority of the states in our

nation, the Fiddlers have a storied history that includes three

performances at the White House, two performances on the Millennium

Stage at the Kennedy Center, and a performance at the State of

Michigan's Presidential Inaugural Ball.
The Fiddlers have also traveled

to Canada and Europe for performances and have made multiple trips to

Saline's sister cities of Brecon, Wales and Lindenberg, Germany.
Each

year, the group performs 50-60 times, with around a third of their

annual schedule being donated to community service events.
I still

fondly remember their performance at the Saline Celtic Festival this

past summer.
Working alongside the artistic team, the Saline Fiddlers help plan

each aspect of their shows by crafting arrangements and making diverse

organizational decisions that helps teach the students collaborative

ownership while giving students the opportunity to explore their

creativity and showcase their enthusiasm throughout the show making

process.
These accomplished members of the Fiddlers are selected

through competitive auditions that assess their musical talent and

personal maturity.
They balance academics, school organizations, jobs,

and other extracurricular activities.
Teaching students not just about

music but about maintaining a balanced schedule and workload is a true

testament to how the Saline Fiddlers Philharmonic has helped 30 years

of students prepare for their futures through music.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the

Saline Fiddlers Philharmonic on their 30th anniversary.
Their

commitment to music and community is an incredible accomplishment and

has helped preserve music and tradition for future generations.
I

cannot wait to see all they accomplish in the years to come.