Together they have four adult children.
They recently finalized the

adoption of six of their grandchildren on December 20, 2023.
It is with great pride and gratitude that I recognize the outstanding

service and life of Lieutenant Commander Issac L. Belton.
His numerous

awards and decorations, including the Meritorious Service Medal, Navy

Commendation Medal, and Combat Action Ribbon, attest to his exceptional

valor and dedication.
In his eyes, however, LCDR Belton's family was

his greatest achievement.
I ask my colleagues to join me in extending our heartfelt

appreciation to LCDR Belton and his family for their sacrifices and

service to our country.
May his legacy serve as a shining example of

honor, courage, and selfless dedication to duty for generations to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF NATHANIEL ``RAY'' TUCK, JR.
HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of

Nathaniel ``Ray'' Tuck, Jr., who passed away at the age of 52 on

February 11, 2024, after battling cancer for the past two and a half

years.
Ray was born in Roanoke, Virginia, on April 30, 1971, to Nathaniel

Ray and Barbara Z. Tuck.
He later graduated from Radford University in

1994 and earned his Doctor of Chiropractic from the National University

of Health Sciences in 1997.
After graduating, he joined his father's

chiropractic clinic in Southwest Virginia where they practiced together

for many years.
His son, Nathaniel R. Tuck, III is currently in

chiropractic school, hoping to continue the family legacy.
During Ray's incredible career, he served as the President of the

Virginia Chiropractic Association, Chairman of the Board, and later

President of the American Chiropractic Association, and was also

appointed to be the chiropractor on the Virginia Board of Medicine.
Ray is survived by his wife, Bonnie, of 29 years, his daughter Abi

Dolgos (husband Dakota Dolgos and grandson Gatlin Dolgos), his son

Nathaniel (girlfriend Abby E. Markham), his mother Barbara, his sister

Amelia Martin (husband Buddy Martin), and his brother Ben M. Tuck (wife

Priyam Chipper).
I wish them peace and strength during this difficult

time.
I was lucky to know Ray personally, as my daughter, Abby, has dated

his son Nathaniel for a number of years.
He was a good man, and I was

glad to have been able to know him before he passed.
We will all

greatly miss him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF SERVICE OF DR.
WILLIAM ``BILL'' GREER

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. William

``Bill'' Greer, a distinguished leader, educator, and advocate for

higher education who has announced his retirement as the 15th President

of Milligan University.
Dr. Greer's exemplary tenure, spanning more

than 13 years, is marked by significant transformation, growth, and

achievement for Milligan University.
A proud alumnus, Dr. Greer graduated from Milligan in 1985 and

returned to his alma mater in 1994 as a Professor of Economics and

Business.
With a wealth of experience after a decade in the private

sector, Dr. Greer led the institution's business initiative as the

founding director of Milligan's MBA program.
His leadership as Vice

President for Institutional Advancement was instrumental to the success

of the ``Forward Ever'' campaign, raising $28 million for the

university in its first phase of implementation.
Since assuming the role of president in 2011, Dr. Greer has been a

visionary, guiding Milligan University to unprecedented levels of

achievement.
Under his leadership, the university has received

recognition as one of the Best Regional Universities and Best Values in

the South.
In 2020, Dr. Greer helmed the impressive modernization and

expansion of 25 additional academic programs, elevating Milligan's

status from a college to a university.
Dr. Greer's presidency is highlighted by a series of significant

accomplishments, including record enrollment, giving, and endowment

growth.