Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solemn remembrance of Arthur O. Eve, Jr., a remarkable individual, affectionately known to the people of Buffalo, New York, and beyond as ``Champ.''
As the beloved son of New York State Assembly Deputy Speaker Arthur O. Eve and an educator, Lee Constance Eve, life lessons in civic responsibility, faith, and a strong work ethic were taught early by his family.
A standout football player who earned all-Catholic honors during his time at Canisius High School and shined on the field at the University of Texas at El Paso, Champ turned his athletic talent, natural leadership, and teambuilding skills into an opportunity to inspire and mentor countless young people through coaching at Calvary Baptist Church, Hutch Tech High School, and Buffalo State University.
In his professional positions within a juvenile detention center and Educational Opportunity Center, Champ dedicated himself to empowering those in need.
At Buffalo's Municipal Housing Authority, Champ transformed the agency and set a national standard for compliance and inclusion, which led to the BMHA being recognized as a ``high performer' by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Champ was a leader and respected voice on issues impacting Buffalo's Black community, serving as President of the Black Student Union during his time at the University at Buffalo, and was the founder and President of the Unity Coalition, widely recognized as one of the strongest organizing units in the State.
As Deputy Commissioner of the Erie County Board of Elections and Vice Chair of the Erie County Democratic Committee, Champ supported democracy through his work, impressing upon others the power of a vote to express one's values and shape our future.
A man of great faith and devotion, Champ was an active member of Elim Christian Fellowship under the leadership of Bishop T. Anthony Bronner.
Transcending his passion for the community was his love and devotion to his family.
He leaves behind his father Arthur O. Eve, Sr., beloved wife Kim, nine children of Arthur III, Shiana Denise, LaNeesha, Eric James, Louis, Ashley, Melzetta, Bobby, and David Paul, and eight grandchildren Caiden, Rylee, Cailee, Kendall, Ari, Lucian, Maliha, and Lux, shared through their blended family, siblings Leecia, Eric, Malcolm, and Martin, and many aunts, uncles, and cousins.