Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleagues, Congresswoman Barbara Lee and Congressman Mark DeSaulnier, to recognize former California State Senate Majority Leader, San Leandro Mayor, and East Bay Regional Parks Director, Ellen Corbett, on the occasion of her passing on Friday, August 9, 2024, at the age of 69.
Born in Oakland in 1954, Ellen was raised in San Leandro.
She attended Chabot College, California State University, Hayward, and the University of California, Davis, earning a bachelor's degree in political science before earning her law degree from the University of the Pacific's McGeorge School.
Ellen began her career as an attorney, community college professor, and civic activist before seeking public office in 1990 on the San Leandro City Council.
Four years later, in 1994, she became San Leandro's first-ever directly elected female mayor.
In 1998, Ellen was elected to the State Assembly, representing California's 19th district in the chamber until her term expired in 2004.
In 2006, she began her time at the California State Senate, representing District 10 until 2014.
Ellen continued to blaze trails in the Senate as only the second woman ever to serve as the California Senate majority leader for 4 years.
Under her tenure, Majority Leader Corbett authored over 160 bills that were signed into law tackling issues faced by everyday Californians.
Those issues included infrastructure for public schools, expanding EV charging, child safety, marriage equality, and the California Homeowner Bill.
Continuing her career in public service, Ellen was elected to the East Bay Regional Parks District Board of Directors, representing Ward 4 until her passing.
In this position, she was a fierce advocate for accessible open space.
Serving as President of the Board, the Parks were in her capable hands during the first year of the pandemic.
Throughout her life and career, Ellen was a tireless advocate for the communities she represented.
She was a fierce environmentalist and a serial breaker of glass ceilings.
Ellen was a person of consequence with a genuinely meaningful public service career.
Our communities will deeply miss her presence.
We send our deepest condolences to her son Ryan, as well as her other surviving family, friends, and former staff who were lucky to have her as their boss and mentor.