Mr. KENNEDY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate James T. Sandoro on his 80th birthday.
A respected historian, vehicle appraiser, and proud Buffalo booster, 
Mr. Sandoro has made an indelible impact on the Buffalo community.
Born on September 9, 1944, 
Mr. Sandoro is a lifelong Buffalonian.
He attended St. Joseph's Grammar School and graduated from Bennett High School in 1962.
He continued his education at the University at Buffalo, where he studied business education and graduated in 1971.
In 1962, 
Mr. Sandoro became the proprietor of Buffalo Motor Car, a licensed New York State Auto dealer.
Mr. Sandoro collects, restores, and deals automobiles, motorcycles, and collector vehicles.
He has appraised thousands of vehicles for community members, museums, and collectors from around the world, earning numerous national awards for his vehicle frames.
Further, in 1997, 
Mr. Sandoro and his wife, Mary Ann, founded their nonprofit organization The Buffalo Transportation Pierce-Arrow Museum.
The museum opened in 2001 and is located on 263 Michigan Avenue in downtown Buffalo.
Mr. and 
Mrs. Sandoro have donated their extensive vehicle collection, curated over five decades, to the museum.
The Sandoro collection, which includes many automobiles that were once produced in Buffalo, is regarded as one of the most unique collections in the world.
The Pierce-Arrow Museum is also home to the 1927 Buffalo Filling Station, designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
The station, which was intended to be developed in Buffalo but never came to fruition, was built as an extension to the museum in 2024.
Throughout his career, 
Mr. Sandoro has been honored by numerous national publications for his work in car collecting.
He has been named in USA Today and the New York Times, as well as car collector publications including Old Cars Weekly and Automobile Quarterly.
Additionally, 
Mr. Sandoro has appeared on numerous radio, television, and cable shows, and has served as an auto historian consultant on major feature films, including ``Once Upon a Time in America'' with Robert De Niro.
He is also a published author, with his book ``Actual Cash Value-Value Guide to Older Cars'' being used nationally by car enthusiasts, insurance companies, and many others.
Today, please join me in honoring 
Mr. James T. Sandoro as he celebrates his 80th birthday and thanking him for being a champion of Buffalo's rich automotive history.