Mr. GUTHRIE.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Major Mario Flores, U.S. Army, for his outstanding work on behalf of the Department fellow in the U.S. Senate, and later as a congressional liaison for the Army Reserve.
Mario commissioned in the United States Army in 2011 through the Reserve Officers Training Corps (ROTC) program at DePaul University, Chicago, Illinois where he received a B.S. in Business and later an M.S. in Legislative Affairs from George Washingtdn University.
Through various assignments with 3rd Special Forces Group, the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joint Targeting Directorate, and Special Operations Command, Mario has made direct contributions to the U.S. National Security Strategy and National Defense Strategy.
Mario specializes in strategic and tactical targeting operations and is a graduate of the Joint Targeting School, the Joint Special Operations University's Special Operations Intelligence Course, and the Special Forces Combat Course--Support, and the Basic Airborne Course.
Mario is also a committed advocate for our Nation's veterans.
In 2020, Mario was appointed by then-Virginia Governor Northam to serve a four-year appointment on the Virginia State Board on Veterans Services.
In this role, he is responsible for advising the Virginia Department of Veterans Services on relevant policies in support of Virginia's veterans.
In addition to his military service, Mario's civilian background includes extensive government and private sector experience including being a Public Policy Congressional Fellow for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute Fellowship Program, having various roles at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and joining General Dynamics Information Technology.
Following his completion of his next level of military education in early 2025, he will be returning to the civilian workforce while also continuing his service in the U.S. Army Reserve.
Mario has been instrumental as an Army Reserve congressional liaison, especially working with my office to support Fort Knox.
I thank Mario for his dedicated service, for his professionalism, and for his passionate service to our country and to our community.
I also want to thank his wife, Jazmine, and I wish them both the best in their future endeavors.