Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and legacy of WWII hero and U.S. Navy Corpsman Jack Gutman, who passed away just days short of his 99th birthday.
Born December 19, 1925, in San Francisco, California, Jack was the third of nine children.
His father, who spoke seven languages, served in World War I, after which he worked at the Grand Hotel in Shanghai, China.
Gutman's mother, from a wealthy Russian family, was a ballerina.
When her family fled the Bolsheviks, they went to Shanghai, and the two met, married, and settled in America.
The Great Depression was a difficult time for the family and his father had to travel to make a living selling apples.
By the time Jack was a teenager, the family was living in New York.
Jack was hanging out with his high school friends when the news of Pearl Harbor broke.
Gutman enlisted right away at age 17 as a Navy seaman.
After boot camp, Gutman thought he was going to be an aerial radio man--but an urgent need arose for medics, and his training was diverted.
At age 18, Corpsman 1st Class Gutman provided treatment to the wounded and dying on the beaches of Normandy on D-Day and at some of the bloodiest battles throughout the European and Pacific theaters.
Gutman vividly remembers when his unit landed on Utah Beach on June 6, 1944.
With bullets flying, bombs exploding, and men dying all around him, Corpsman Gutman helped those he could, giving shots of morphine, applying bandages and tourniquets, and providing words of comfort to soldiers who died in his arms.
Gutman would later write a book about his experience titled ``One Veteran's Journey to Heal the Wounds.''
His story was recorded by the National World War II Museum in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Jack was also interviewed as part of a documentary film about the 75th anniversary of D-Day.
A quote from his book best describes the impact the war had on his life: ``I went into the war with a fervor to fight for my country and protect our freedom, but the experience had been nothing like what I thought when I signed up to join the Navy.
Back at home, I thought constantly of the men that had died overseas.
I wondered how and why I survived.
There I was, a young teenager thrown into a crazy war with thousands of young men dying in front of me.
I never dreamed it would be that awful, and that those horrifying images would stick with me now that I was safely at home, and for years to come.''
After his combat experiences, Gutman decided to become a doctor.
He took night school classes, and before algebra, would tell jokes.
He met his wife, Mary Jo, in that class, and they were married June 22, 1947, a union that lasted 77 years.
Once his children came along, he never made it to medical school.
Throughout his life, Jack kept quiet about the flashbacks that haunted him ever since returning home from war.
As a band-aid to cover his recurring nightmares, he immersed himself