Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an extraordinary group of individuals from Pennsylvania's First Congressional District--people who has gone above and beyond the call great respect and admiration that I recognize several outstanding representatives of the Newtown Business Community as some of our district's distinguished Hometown Heroes.
Matt Arlen Richard Fekete Kathleen McCafferty Gina Santoro Hometown Heroes are not defined by titles or accolades, but by the quiet power of their actions.
They are distinguished by their unwavering integrity, the strength of their character, and their steadfast commitment to the people and places they serve.
They are the foundation upon which our communities stand--the ones who lift others up, inspire hope, and, in doing so, call us all to higher standards of service and compassion.
This group of remarkable individuals have embodied this spirit in ways that words can scarcely capture.
In 2021, Newtown business owners Gina Santoro, Richard Fekete, Matt Arlen, and Kathleen McCafferty approached Main Street Founder Keith Fenimore with an idea to bring our community together in support of local breast cancer patients.
Their idea was to host a block party event that drives community members to come out and shop locally, with all proceeds going to Main Street, whose programs help local breast cancer patients and their families with food assistance, integrative services, counseling, therapy, out-of-pocket expenses, treatment transportation, comfort bags, treatment center support, and more.
And so, the business owners along State Street changed their exterior lights with pink bulbs, hosted their first Light the Night Pink Block Party, and raised over $8,000.
Seeing the impact they were able to have, the Newtown Business Community collectively decided to continue and grow their efforts and hosted their second Block Party in 2022, which raised $17,000.
And in 2023, in an awe-inspiring show of unity and compassion, this incredible group of local entrepreneurs rallied together once more and raised over $70,000--the most money ever raised and donated by a single event to the Main Street organization.
In times of uncertainty, it is the work of individuals like Gina, Richard, Matt, and Kathleen that reminds us of the power of the human spirit.
Their service, given without expectation of recognition, stands as a testament to the belief that one individual's dedication can ripple through the lives of many, sparking change, fostering resilience, and inspiring hope.
Today, we honor them not just for their remarkable deeds but for who they are--true heroes in every sense of the word.
On behalf of Pennsylvania's First Congressional District, I extend my deepest gratitude to these individuals for their extraordinary service.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring this exceptional organization, whose leadership and spirit of service will inspire generations to come.
May their example remind us of the boundless potential within each of us to make our communities, country, and world a better place.