Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of an exemplary first responder and citizen, Jeffrey Post of Gales Ferry, Connecticut.
Jeffrey served nobly in his role as Assistant Fire Chief for the Submarine Base New London Fire Department.
He very sadly passed August 2nd lovingly surrounded by his family and colleagues.
Born to Steven and Cynthia Post in July 1979, it became apparent at an early age that Jeffrey's destiny lay in service to his fellow citizens.
By the age of 14, he joined the Old Mystic Fire Department's junior cadet program, beginning a journey in fire and rescue which would define his life.
This cadet program additionally ingrained the spirit of volunteerism in Jeffrey, and he would happily dedicate his personal time to fire departments across the southeast Connecticut region.
For example, he volunteered with the Mystic Fire Department Hook and Ladder Company, Gales Ferry Fire Company, and acted as the Chief.
Jeffrey's actual professional firefighting journey began in 1999 when he joined the Mohegan Tribal Fire Department.
Soon after, he would continue his emergency response services by joining the SUBASE Fire Department in 2001.
In this position, Jeffrey would help maintain the United States' national defense by ensuring the safety of those stationed in SUBASE through his knowledge of EMT and HAZMAT rescue practices.
It is in SUBASE where Asst.
Chief Post would become the fixture of southeast Connecticut's firefighting community that he is known as today.
By 2009, Jeffrey was promoted to Captain in the SBFD.
In 2015, he found himself the role.
Throughout his distinguished career, Jeffrey cultivated a reputation for bravery, intelligence, and team-oriented leadership, qualities which distinguished his already impressive firefighting knowledge base.
Jeffrey didn't hoard his incredible knowledge to himself.
Instead, he served as a fire instructor for a large portion of his career, ensuring that the fantastic amount of institutional knowledge he amassed throughout his career would inform the next generation of firefighters.
Jeffrey served as adjunct faculty for both the Eastern Connecticut Fire School and Connecticut Fire Academy, two institutions which provide critical EMT and fire training.
In 2014, Jeffrey took his teaching one step further by opening a training company with some of his colleagues named All Hands Operating.
In one anecdote that typifies the incredible reach.
Chief Post's fire fighting abilities, Jeffrey organized and led the SBFD's response team to aid in suppressing a blazing inferno that ultimately destroyed the USS Miami, a Los Angeles class submarine at the Portsmouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, Maine.
That fire lasted an astonishing 12 hours that local firefighters were unable to contain.
The chief and his team drove through the night to provide their unique training to extinguish the blaze.
Temperatures from the fire exceeded 1,000 degrees, melting the innards of Miami, yet because of the expertise of the SUBASE Fire Department no lives were lost.
More recently, Jeffrey used his knowledge and experience to rescue a man who fell down a 30 foot well in Ledyard, Connecticut.
It was due to Jeffrey's technical ability and expertise in confined space rescue that allowed for a swift resolution to what could have amounted to a dire circumstance for the man who fell.