Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize and celebrate World War II veteran Raymond Francis Patnaude, who turns 100 years old this week.
Born on August 9, 1923, Raymond embodies what it means to be a member of the ``Greatest Generation.''
When the forces of fascism threatened the peace, security, and freedom of millions upon millions, Raymond answered the call to serve, enlisting in the Army and eventually serving in the 97th Infantry ``Trident'' Division.
President Ronald Reagan reminded us that freedom is fragile and must constantly be fought for and guarded by each generation.
That noble mission is exactly what Raymond helped carry out when he wore the uniform of the United States Military.
Because of the service and sacrifice of veterans, generations of Americans have been able to experience the blessings of liberty and live in a land that is free.
For that, all of us owe Raymond and his fellow veterans a debt that we can never fully repay.
Following his military service, Raymond and his late wife Beulah settled in South Bend, where Raymond bought and successfully operated McDonald Studio, the oldest photography studio in the South Bend area.
In fact, many high school alumni from South Bend from the past halfcentury came to McDonald Studio for their senior photos.
Others came to know Raymond and his professionalism along with his kind, generous nature at weddings, communions, and community engagements.
Together, Raymond and Beulah also had five children together: Ray Jr., David, Philip, Chris and Paulette.
All five children worked in the studio at some point, which is a testament to the loving and tight-knit family that Raymond and Beulah built.
As Raymond celebrates with his family a century of life well lived, I join countless Hoosiers in wishing Raymond a very Happy 100th Birthday.
I also commend him for his loyal service and the many, many contributions he has made to the South Bend community, Indiana's Second Congressional District, and our country.
Godspeed Raymond.