Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life.
William Dilday was born on September 14, 1937 in Boston, Massachusetts.
He graduated from the Boston Latin School and received his B.S. degree in Business Administration from Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts.
In 1964, Dilday started his career as an operations supervisor at IBM.
In 1968, Dilday became the personnel administrator and public relations director at Edgerton, Germehausen, & Grier, Inc.
He then began working at WHDH-TV in Boston as director of personnel in 1969.
Dilday then entered the field of journalism in 1972 as general manager of WLBT-TV/WLBM-TV in Jackson, Mississippi, as the first African American general manager of a network affiliate station.
He worked at WLBT-TV/WLBM-TV until 1984.
As chief operation officer, he led the station to achieve number one in Nielson and Arbitron ratings from November 1973 to February 1984.
In 1990, Dilday joined WJTV-TV as general manager and executive vice president, where he implemented operation and programming plans that improved station ratings.
After his departure from WJTV, Dilday joined NewsPress and Gazette as corporate vice president.
Dilday was then hired as president and chief executive officer of Kerimax Communications, Inc.
Dilday has also spent time as a guest columnist for the Jackson Clarion-Ledger in Jackson, Mississippi.
Dilday has received numerous awards and recognitions, including the Peabody Award, the National Mental Health Association Media Award, and two Iris Awards from the National Association of Television Program Executives.
In addition to his career in journalism, Dilday has been active in many organizations and companies.
He has served as a board member for First American Bank.
Dilday has also been a board member of the National Association of Television Broadcasters and the National Broadcasting Company Affiliate Board.
He has served as a member of the Congressional Black Caucus Communication Task Force, as well as a founding member of the National Association of Black Journalists and 100 Black Men.
From 1978 until 1979, Dilday served as president of the Jackson Urban League.