Mr. HUFFMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with Congressman Mike Thompson to honor the memory of highly regarded, fourth-generation wine grower Paul Eagan Dolan, III, who passed away on June 26, 2023.
Born in Oakland, California in 1950, Paul spent his childhood summers at his family's Asti Villa in Sonoma County.
His mother's family heritage includes Pietro Carlo Rossi, the Italian immigrant who founded the Italian Swiss Colony Winery.
Paul's summers in Asti inspired his passion for winemaking.
Paul graduated from Bishop O'Dowd High School in 1968.
He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Santa Clara University while also serving in the Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC).
After three years of military service, Paul moved to Fresno, CA, where he earned a Masters in Enology at California State University in 1977.
Upon graduation, Paul started his first winemaking job with Fetzer Vineyards, where he worked for 27 years, eventually serving as President.
The business flourished under his leadership.
In 1991 Fetzer was rebranded as Bonterra Wines, the first national brand made from 100 percent organically grown grapes.
Paul's notable achievements included being named Winemaker of the Year by the LA Times in 1991.
During this period, he also founded a small distribution of wine under the Dolan Vineyards brand.
Paul passionately believed business could be a force for good, and throughout his life, he demonstrated beneficial practices for sustainable wine production.
In 2002, he held the first biodynamic symposium in the United States, which was joined by winegrowers from across the globe.
After helping to establish the Wine Institute's Sustainable Winegrowers Alliance, and becoming its first chairman, he helped introduce the Code.
In 2003 he memorialized his theory for business as a positive force in his watershed book titled ``True to Your Roots: Fermenting a Business Revolution.''
Paul continued to share his commitment to organic, biodynamic, and regenerative farming as he became Chairman of the Wine Institute in 2006.
Paul would go on to serve as Chairman of the Demeter USA board, where his influence on winegrowing expanded to international audiences through the International Biodynamic Wine Conference.
He was the first wine industry representative on the Regenerative Organic Alliance.
Paul's legacy includes powerful demonstrations of the benefits of biodynamic principles, including the transformation of a run-down 156acre hillside property in rural Mendocino County into the vibrant, lush, and sustainably farmed Dark Horse Ranch; and the more recent creation of Truett-Hurst Winery, home to