Over the weekend, The Guardian reported that the number of women dying in the perinatal period had risen sharply since 2015.
Families that have been failed, and health professionals feel that whether it is perinatal depression or unsafe births, lessons are not being learned and the same errors are repeated in review after review.
Alongside the inquiry that the Secretary of State has launched, will the Government immediately implement every action from the Ockenden review and put an end to this national scandal in maternity service?
The hon.
Lady has raised a really important issue.
She highlights the work that the Secretary of State is putting in place to address these issues and finally bring all that together to produce a plan that will assure people, and we are working at pace to ensure that those recommendations are implemented.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of siting a neighbourhood health centre in Long Crendon, Buckinghamshire, as part of the 10-year health plan for England.
This Government aim to establish a neighbourhood health centre in every community by 2035.
We are starting in areas of greatest need where healthy life expectancy is lowest, including rural towns and communities with higher deprivation levels.
Planning work has already begun.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that I updated colleagues yesterday in a “dear colleague” letter around integrated care boards and local authorities being invited to apply to participate in the national neighbourhood health implementation programme.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer.
He will have heard me put the case for Long Crendon many times over many years, and given the proposals for neighbourhood health centres in the 10-year plan, Long Crendon offers a very quick win.
The community has the land, the planning permission and a GP practice willing to serve there; it just does not have the funds for the bricks and mortar to build it.
Can I ask the Minister to meet me and the members of Long Crendon parish council who are leading on this, so that the Government can get a quick win on neighbourhood health centres?
The hon.
Member is clearly a doughty campaigner—I am sure that will mean something good will happen for him in the reshuffle that we are all watching with bated breath.
I am happy to have that discussion with him.
As I said, the neighbourhood health process will be driven primarily by identifying areas where healthy life expectancy is lowest and deprivation is highest.
Clearly, he makes a case for his area, and I would be happy to have that discussion with him.
The question is on Long Crendon, so we will see how Josh Fenton-Glynn does.
Before I start, I pay tribute to the shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Melton and Syston (Edward Argar) , who faces his last set of Health questions.
He is an incredibly kind man—we spoke after the loss of my brother—and a fantastic shadow Secretary of State.
I am not sure how they will replace him.
One of the key shifts we need to see in the 10-year plan is from hospital to the community.
Key to keeping people out of hospital is tackling the dental deserts, with dental problems being the biggest cause of children aged five to nine going to A&E. Will the Minister assure me that the new neighbourhood health centres will include dentistry— Order.
That is not linked to the question.
That is why I was really bothered when I called the hon.
Gentleman.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the proportion of mental health research funding allocated to eating disorders.
Through the National Institute for Health and Care Research, the Department is committed to finding new ways of tackling eating disorders through research.
We are supporting research projects, including the eating disorders genetics initiative—one of the largest studies of its kind—and have a £4.25 million collaboration with other UK research funders to build new partnerships in eating disorder research.
We are also strengthening support for people with eating disorders by recruiting more mental health workers, expanding mental health support in schools and embedding it in young futures hubs.
Eating disorders cost the UK an estimated £9 billion each year, yet research into these serious conditions receives just 1% of all mental health research funding.
That is despite eating disorders affecting around 9% of people with mental health conditions, the consequences of which are delayed diagnosis and treatment and often lengthy hospital admissions.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and the eating disorder charity Beat to discuss how the Government can break this cycle and ensure that eating disorder research receives the attention and investment that it urgently needs?
I know that this subject is close to my hon.
Friend’s heart, and I pay tribute to him for his work on it.
We recognise the devastating impact that an eating disorder can have, and the earlier the treatment is provided, the greater the chance of recovery.
The Department continues to work closely with NHS England, which is now refreshing guidance on children and young people’s eating disorders.
I commend the work of Beat, and I would be happy to discuss this further with my hon.
Friend.
The eating disorder issue is escalating, as the Minister rightly points out.
Will he agree to hold discussions and consultations with the devolved structures in Northern  Ireland, Scotland and Wales, so this issue goes to the top of the list of issues that have not really been dealt with in the past but need dealing with now?
We remain in close contact with all our colleagues in all the devolved Administrations.
I will certainly be following up with officials as we develop the research programmes that we are working on, and as we integrate eating disorders into the broader work we are doing around mental health.
Getting 8,500 more mental health workers and creating Young Futures hubs and mental health crisis centres is just some of the work that this Government are doing on this important issue.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of urgent eyecare in east Yorkshire.
The right hon.
Member’s constituents can access urgent eyecare services from Hull University teaching hospitals NHS trust 24 hours a day, seven days a week and from a range of high-street optical practices locally.
Integrated care boards are responsible for commissioning primary and secondary eyecare services to meet local need.
As part of our 10-year plan, we are keen to explore how we can make best use of our primary eyecare workforce as we consider shifting more healthcare into the community.
Would it were so.
My constituent Scott Young, a 34-year-old father-to-be from Beverley, was left permanently blind in one eye after NHS failures, including a two-month delay to urgent surgery following a diabetic haemorrhage, which the trust now blames on admin mistakes.
When the same issue threatened his remaining sight, identical delays occurred until I intervened.
Yet the Hull University teaching hospitals NHS trust response contained factual errors, including claiming that a heart condition delayed surgery even though it had not been diagnosed when the delay occurred.
Does the Minister agree that such failings demand accountability, and what steps can he take to improve the administrative processes within our hospitals?
I am very sorry to hear of Scott’s experience.
What the right hon.
Gentleman has outlined is clearly unacceptable.
I will absolutely follow up on that issue with officials and report back to him.
We cannot allow that sort of poor performance to exist, and those responsible must be held to account.
What steps his Department is taking to improve electronic patient record systems in the NHS.
My hon.
Friend will know that trusts have responsibility for securing—using the approved procurement framework—an appropriate electronic patient record system that delivers all the core capabilities set out in the digital capabilities framework.
Since 2022, £1.9 billion has been invested in digital transformation, including in the roll-out of EPRs to NHS trusts that do not have one and in support to optimise existing ones.