(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on the closure of the Prax Lindsey oil refinery.
In my oral statement on  30 June , I informed Parliament of the deeply disappointing news that the Prax Lindsey oil refinery had entered insolvency and that the court had appointed an official receiver to manage the situation on the site and determine the next steps.
Since then, we have worked urgently to ensure the safety of the refinery site and the security of fuel supplies, and to protect workers.
That also allowed time for bidders to express an interest in the site.
Following a thorough process, the official receiver has rigorously assessed all the bids received and concluded that sale of the business as a whole is not a credible option.
I visited workers at the site on  17 July , and I will be meeting them again shortly today.
I know that this will be hugely disappointing news to them, their families and the wider community.
They are all in my thoughts at this time.
A package has been offered to all directly employed at the refinery which guarantees their jobs and pay over the coming months.
Alongside the usual support that is offered to workforces in insolvency situations, the Government will also immediately fund a comprehensive training guarantee for those refinery workers to ensure that they have the skills needed and the support to find jobs in, for example, the growing clean energy workforce.
Furthermore, we understand that the official receiver continues to explore various proposals for assets on the site.
I therefore remain hopeful that a solution will be found that creates future employment opportunities at the Immingham site.
The refinery will continue to process crude for the rest of the month, and the official receiver will continue selling refined products for a number of weeks, giving buyers time to adjust their supply chains.
The former owners left the refinery in an untenable position and gave the Government little time to act.
That is why the Energy Secretary immediately demanded an investigation into their conduct and the circumstances surrounding the insolvency, and why I have repeatedly called on the owners to do the right thing and provide financial support to the workforce at this difficult time.