The resident doctors’ strike is unnecessary, irresponsible and wrong.
Recently, and again today from the Dispatch Box, the Secretary of State has been resolute in not giving in to the BMA resident doctors committee’s demands.
Although I do not know the details of the current status of his discussions with the committee, may I encourage him to remain firm in his stance and, while being fair to doctors, to always ensure that he puts the interests of patients and taxpayers first?
Once again, the House is speaking with one voice, and I hope that the BMA understands the strength of feeling on both sides of the House about the unnecessary and irresponsible nature of the proposed strike action this week.
Discussions in recent days have been constructive, and I hope that gives grounds for the postponement of strike action so that we can work together to avert it—not just this week, but altogether.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Under this Government, waiting lists have fallen by more than a quarter of a million in our first year, but strike action puts that hard-won progress at risk.
If strikes do go ahead, we will do everything we can to minimise the disruption to patients, who will bear the brunt of cancellations.
We continue to work with the BMA resident doctors committee in the hope that its members will do the right thing and call off the strikes.
None the less, if they go ahead, we stand ready, responsive and resolute.
There were 5,448 drug-related deaths in 2023—the highest figure ever—and an 84% increase from the number that led the previous Government to publish their drugs strategy, which was supposed to save lives.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the existing drugs strategy is not fit for purpose, and will he urgently start work on replacing it with a public health-led drugs strategy to tackle this public health emergency?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
The number of drug-related deaths remains far too high, and we are committed to saving lives through access to high-quality treatment.
For 2025-26, my Department is providing £310 million in addition to the public health grant to deliver the recommendations from Dame Carol Black’s independent review, but there is much more to do.
We look forward to working with my hon.
Friend to achieve success.