The Minister is absolutely right—so was the shadow Minister—to focus on the jobs and the communities affected by the worrying news coming from Lindsey.
He was also right to say that the problems are the result of shockingly bad management.
My Select Committee will look at the future of refining in this country in a one-off session in the autumn, and we will be able to take further evidence at that point.
In response to what the shadow Minister said about energy prices, will the Minister confirm that the way to get industrial energy prices down—just as with domestic energy prices—is to reduce our reliance on the volatility, uncertainty and high prices that are determined by Vladimir Putin and the petrostates, and that we have to manage the transition, not shut our eyes to it or somehow play into culture wars as Reform wants us to do?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Separate from all the wider issues facing the refinery sector and the oil and gas sector generally, it is right we recognise that this week there are workers hearing some devastating news.
Detailed work will be going on into how much of the site we can utilise in the future, and assessments are under way about how credible some of the bids are.
We will do more work on that, and I am sure that his inquiry will be useful.
On energy costs more generally, one of the conversations I had when I met the refinery sector was about how we could do more to bring down its costs.
We are looking at how we could support refineries more through including them in the energy intensive industries compensation scheme, which would obviously cut costs and help UK refineries with their competitiveness.
That is not straightforward, but we are determined to look at that.
On my hon.
Friend’s final point, he is right that the overall context of what we are doing as a Government is driving forward the transition to clean power, because it gives us back our energy security and takes away the volatility in prices that has been so devastating to households and businesses over the past few years.
It is also the economic opportunity that helps drive forward refineries into what could be profitable businesses in that transition.
They will continue to play a part in that, and we will support them to do so.
We have a lot of business today, so if we could help each other, that would be very useful.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The closure of Prax Lindsey oil refinery is deeply troubling, with up to 1,000 jobs at risk across the supply chain.
It is a devastating blow to workers, their families and the communities that rely on the refinery.
We need a clear strategy to support those whose livelihood is in jeopardy.
That means practical help with reskilling and retraining.
This is also an opportunity for targeted green investment in industries that can offer decent, secure jobs for the future.
This crisis speaks to a wider failure.
The UK still lacks a proper plan for a just transition that gives oil and gas workers real confidence about what comes next.
We need to wind down fossil fuels in a way that provides genuine opportunities—well-paid green jobs, clean energy infrastructure, and proper support for the communities that have long powered this country.
As other parties embrace climate denialism and internet conspiracy theories, the Liberal Democrats call on the Government to ensure that we do not backtrack on our climate targets, undermine green investor confidence, and abandon our leadership on the world stage when it comes to climate change.
First, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that contingency plans are in place, so that those whose jobs are at risk are guaranteed support and opportunities to redeploy their skills?
Secondly, how are the Government ensuring that investment in skills and regeneration is targeted, so that it has the greatest impact where it is needed most?
Finally, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that the transition to renewable energy makes the best use of the skills and experience of oil and gas workers in the places affected, such as the Humber estuary?
I wrote down the hon.
Gentleman’s points, and then he came on to specific questions, but I will respond to the points.
He rightly says that this has been devastating news for the workers.
He also said something that I want to echo, and which I said to the workers when I met them last week: this decision, and what has happened to the company, is no reflection at all on the incredible, very skilled work that they are doing.
I want to reiterate that.
So often in these cases, the workers bear the brunt of decisions taken by the company, and that is a great shame.
He is right, and we will support the workers.
My Department is funding the training guarantee to make sure that all those workers are given an assessment of their training needs and future employment desires, so they can be given tailored support.
We will make sure that is rolled out in the coming months.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s wider point about the transition, he is right to say that we need a proper plan.
That is why we consulted on the future of energy in the North sea, both through a series of questions, and through a much broader question about what the future of our energy sector looks like.
It will have oil and gas for many decades to come, but already thousands of jobs are being created in other offshore industries, and we want to support that.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight that investor confidence is critical.
It is shameful that people would seek to damage investor confidence in this country in the name of net zero rhetoric.
The truth is that there has been more than £40 billion of investment in clean energies in this country.
That means jobs and opportunities in all our communities across the country, and those who would talk that down should be ashamed.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in respect of the GMB trade union.
The Minister said that he was engaging with workers.
Will he set out in more detail what engagement he is undertaking with the trade unions that are those workers’ representatives?
Will he give the House an assurance that the detailed modelling work undertaken by the Department includes the impact on the wider supply chain?
I also declare that I am a member of the GMB trade union; that is recorded in my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I have engaged with both the Unite trade union reps who are on the site, and with day shift workers who are not represented by a trade union, to make sure that I hear from them.
I met them earlier this month and last week at the refinery, and I will meet them in about an hour’s time to talk through this more.
We want to continue that engagement with them.