My constituency of Stoke-on-Trent Central has some of the deepest ingrained health inequalities anywhere in the country.
My constituents are just as deserving of first-class healthcare as anyone else, so can the Secretary of State set out how the 10-year health plan will help reduce those health inequalities and ensure that, across Stoke-on-Trent and north Staffordshire, my constituents have the healthy lives they should expect?
I can absolutely give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
It was appalling that the previous Government not only cancelled lots of the deprivation-linked funding put in place by the Labour Government but threw all that progress into reverse.
That is not the approach that this Government will take.
We will have funding based on need, not pork barrel politics.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that his constituents in Stoke-on-Trent will benefit from our sincere commitment to tackling health inequalities.
To take the Health Secretary back to his promise to provide regional healthcare, the integrated care board is opening a consultation on the future of the hospital in Goole, after a decade of almost positively running it down.
Will he instruct all the health services in the country to make the most of the valuable assets they have, not shut them down or misuse them, and actually deliver a local service for local people?
I can certainly give the right hon.
Gentleman the assurance that we are looking right across NHS estates to make sure we are making best use of them, particularly in the context of neighbourhood health.
I have heard the case he has made about how neighbourhood health services could be provided on that site.
I hope commissioners have heard the case, but if not I will make sure that they do and that he gets the relevant meetings he needs.
My ADHD—attention deficit hyperactivity disorder—diagnosis in May this year helped to answer questions about my life and to put support in place to improve it, but we know that over 300,000 children are waiting for an assessment and that untreated ADHD affects educational attainment, employment prospects and health outcomes.
Will the Secretary of State set out the Department’s plans to improve access to assessments and treatment for ADHD?
Will he work across Government to develop a long-term, joined-up approach to ADHD care?
I commend my hon.
Friend for bringing his personal experience to bear on this important matter.
NHS England’s independent ADHD taskforce is looking at how to provide support for people with ADHD and how to improve it.
We are  considering the taskforce’s interim report and look forward to the final report later this year.
The taskforce is joined up with expert groups established across Government to provide advice on meeting the needs of neurodivergent children and young people in education, and on boosting neurodiversity inclusion at work.
Will  the Minister confirm what steps the Department will take to build neighbourhood health services in partnership with charities, such as Macmillan, that have a proven track record of designing and delivering community-based services for people with long-term conditions?
How can we ensure that this is a UK-wide service, and not a postcode lottery for cancer services?
The cancer plan will reflect the three shifts in the 10-year plan, including from hospital to community.
Macmillan, Cancer Research UK and Cancer52 all sit on the steering board for the cancer plan, and I meet them regularly.
Last week, we announced the Diagnostic Connect partnership with the third sector, linking patients with third sector services on diagnosis.
The cancer plan will cover this for the whole of England and build on the commitments in the 10-year plan.
The most recent figures for the three NHS cancer waiting time targets for diagnosis, referral and treatment showed that those targets were missed.
Longer waiting times can have a serious adverse effect on cancer patients, so can the Minister confirm whether those targets will be given a high priority in the national cancer plan when it is published?
The national cancer plan for England will have patients at its heart and will cover the entirety of the cancer pathway, from referral and diagnosis to treatment and aftercare, as well as prevention and innovation.
It will seek to improve every aspect of cancer care, including establishing targets for delivery right through the cancer pathway.
Will the Minister give an update on the progress being made to introduce nationwide screening and improved treatments for prostate cancer?
We are looking very carefully at the arguments for national screening.
The hon.
Member will be aware that there are concerns.
We have to look at this very carefully to ensure that screening programmes do not cause unnecessary harm, but targeted and widespread screening for prostate cancer is something that the Department is looking at and will report on in due course.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am so delighted to have two questions on health this week that I am not even going to mention ferries!
As my hon.
Friend will know, the process for securing an education, health and care plan is complex and can lead to delays in accessing vital support.
That can have a serious impact on the health and wellbeing of young  people and children.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the health element of EHCPs for families navigating the process, including those in my constituency?
We have inherited a system that is utterly failing to meet the needs of children with special educational needs.
This Government are reforming the SEND system, ensuring that there is joined-up support across education and healthcare.
We are also supporting inclusive environments and earlier intervention for children through the early language support for every child programme, or ELSEC, and the partnership for inclusion of neurodiversity in schools programme, or PINS.
Eight years ago, Weybridge community hospital burned down.
After a long journey, the replacement finally received planning consent last week; all it needs now is for the Secretary of State to sign the cheque on the dotted line.
Will he do so as soon as possible?
The business case for the rebuild of the health centre has been submitted to NHS England for review, and NHS Property Services will in parallel be asked to approve the capital funding.
Subject to those approvals, a new health centre will be fully completed in 2027.
Phlebotomists across the country play a vital role in our NHS.
Will the Minister consider making the job role band 3 across the nation to ensure that everybody is paid fairly?
Phlebotomists are paid on an “Agenda for Change” pay scale, which is underpinned by the job evaluation scheme.
It is something the Secretary of State and I discussed with the trade union Unison last week; I should declare that I am a member of Unison.
It is working closely with the trust in question, but I am happy to discuss the matter with my hon.
Friend further.
Many carers have told me how much they rely on respite care to protect their own physical and mental health so that they can continue to care for their loved ones day in, day out.
The wonderful Chesil Lodge day centre in Winchester has recently been threatened with closure, and I have been fighting alongside constituents to keep it open.
How will the Department ensure that respite services such as those at Chesil Lodge are consistently available and are not subject to a postcode lottery?
Can I also— Order.
I call the Minister.
Our 10-year plan will boost support for family carers via digital tools such as My Carer and include them in care planning and shared decision-making processes.
We have raised the carer’s allowance earnings limit to £196 a week—the biggest increase since 1976—and we have launched the independent commission into adult social care, which will look at unpaid carers’ needs.
The hon.
Member raises an important point about respite care; I am chairing a cross-ministerial group on our carers strategy, and I would be happy to update him outside the Chamber.
Last autumn, there was not a single NHS dental practice in Derbyshire Dales accepting new adult patients other than those referred for specialist care.
The lack of NHS dentistry has led many of my constituents to experience severe economic hardship, with one telling me he had to spend £100 to have a single tooth fixed and another spending £2,000 on dentures.
Will the Government provide increased funding for NHS dentistry to ensure that more people in rural areas like Derbyshire Dales can access NHS dentists?
The mess we inherited from the previous Government beggars belief, with 14 million adults with an unmet dental need, while for children between five and nine years old, the most common reason for hospital admission was to have their rotten teeth removed.
This Government are determined to get NHS dentistry back on its feet.
We are targeting the areas most in need, including rural areas, by delivering 700,000 additional urgent dental appointments, and reforming the dental contract.
Our consultation is under way, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to participate.
I was really disappointed that there was not one mention of eating disorders in the NHS 10-year plan, which is particularly troubling given that some of the proposed measures to reduce obesity may inadvertently harm those affected by eating disorders.
When will the Government finally commit to an eating disorder strategy, as recommended by the eating disorders all-party parliamentary group?
This Government are investing an extra £688 million this year to improve access to mental health services.
We are transforming our mental health services with 24/7 neighbourhood health centres; I was very pleased last week to visit the centre we are launching in Bethnal Green.
I would gently say to the hon.
Lady that she is part of the political party that propped up the Tories in government—this lot opposite—which led to some of the desperate situations we see across mental health today.
Parkrun is a global public health phenomenon.
Will the Minister meet me and the new Parkrun chief executive to talk about future collaboration?
Parkrun is a fantastic organisation that is doing amazing work.
We know that movement saves the NHS around £10.5 billion a year, but 12 million adults are still inactive, and we need a team effort to succeed in getting millions more moving.
There is a lot we can learn from Parkrun, and I would happily consider any invitation to meet it.
The House has already heard the recent announcement about the closure of the urgent care centre at Mount Vernon hospital.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds) and for Beaconsfield (Joy Morrissey) and I are all concerned about the quality of healthcare for our constituents, especially as the Labour Government have delayed the new Watford general hospital until at least 2032.
What steps is the Minister taking to improve the quality of healthcare in our areas, instead of just making it worse?
When this Labour Government came to office, we promised 2 million more appointments, but we have actually delivered 4.5 million.
We have cut NHS waiting lists month after month, and they are now at their lowest level in two years.
Of course there is more to do.
I regret that we had to delay Watford general hospital; the previous Government left a plan that was not credible and had no available funding.
We are cleaning up their mess, and the hon.
Member has a cheek to complain about it.
The report, “Barriers for adults with Cerebral Palsy on achieving full life participation”, published by the former all-party parliamentary group on cerebral palsy, highlighted the cliff-edge in support for those with cerebral palsy when they transition at the age of 18 and the need to end the separation of neuro and musculoskeletal knowledge within the NHS, given that cerebral palsy is a neuromusculoskeletal condition, and that those living with it need easy and ready access to both areas.
I would therefore be grateful if I could understand— Order.
Let me help the hon.
Gentleman.
If you have a main question and I call you in topicals, you really need to shorten your question in order to let other Members in.
NHS England has worked with key stakeholders to develop a framework to aid integrated care systems to commission high-quality services for children and young people with cerebral palsy, including as they transition to adult services.
Guidance from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence on cerebral palsy in the under-25s also sets out key considerations in transition planning.
Data published last week shows that despite the Government’s initial action, the proportion of dentists working in the NHS in Norfolk and Waveney continues to drop.
I am pleased to hear about the Government’s work on the dental contract, but the Public Accounts Committee is clear that this will work only if it is backed by sustainable funding.
I will give the Minister another chance to answer the question: will the Government ensure that the extra funding that has been put into the Department is actually reflected in extra funding for NHS dentistry?
One thing that I made clear to officials when I came into this post was that every penny that is allocated to NHS dentistry must be spent on NHS dentistry.
We are in a crazy situation where demand for NHS dentistry is going through the roof, yet we have had underspends.
That needs to stop.
We will focus the spending on where it is most needed, including areas that are under-served, such as the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
My constituents Marie Brewis and Denise Coates are bravely using their own experience of breast cancer treatment to campaign for a dedicated cancer support centre in Luton.
Does the Minister agree that Luton could benefit from the wraparound care of a cancer support centre locally, and will she meet me to discuss this?
The national cancer plan, which will be introduced towards the end of this year, will cover cancer facilities across England.
I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the particulars in her constituency.
Brierley Park medical centre applied for funding from the primary care utilisation and modernisation fund earlier this year.
It has been successful, but it has not yet had the money, and the money must be spent by the end of the year.
Will the Secretary of State please tell my medical centre when it will receive this vital funding?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the timeliness of decision making and the need to release funding when it is allocated.
I shall make sure that my Department looks into that, and write to him with an answer.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his work on reducing waiting lists, but at the Homerton in Hackney, because of a system-wide funding failure, deficit reduction money was removed three months into a 12-month agreement, which reduced the opportunity to drive down waiting lists still further.
Will he or one of his colleagues meet me to discuss this issue and see what we can do to drive down those waiting lists?
We are taking action to deal with the over-running of budgets and the reckless spending across the NHS and to bring deficits under control, but I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
Spelthorne residents Emma and John lost Holly to cancer in October last year.
They set up the charity Holly’s Heroes in her name.
Before she died, Holly was given a wheelchair by the NHS, and Emma and John cannot now give it back to the NHS for love nor money.
I have raised this with the chief executive of the trust, but can the Secretary of State reassure me that this practice is not replicated nationwide?
We absolutely need to look at reducing waste in the NHS, so I would be delighted to pick up that case.
Can I also say an enormous thank you to Holly’s family for the work they are doing in such unimaginable circumstances?
I really admire people who put themselves forward to serve others in that way after such a painful experience.
Last Friday I brought together GPs, housing developers, the local authority, the ICB, and anyone else you care to name, to try finally to solve the issue of our having one of the most under-doctored areas in the country for primary care.
Among the many issues raised was a particularly niche one: thanks to NHS Property Services demanding a late payment from a couple of GP surgeries, which were unaware that they were due to pay this rent, those surgeries now face the possibility of having to pay a bill that equates to the cost of one GP’s salary for a year.
That cannot be right.
I would be delighted to look at the issue that my hon.
Friend raises.
I am only sorry that I missed the party last week.
Lancashire and South Cumbria integrated care board is having to make savings of £142 million this year, and the backdrop to that is a loss of wards at Barrow, Lancaster and Kendal.
We hear a lot about additional money for the NHS.
Why is none of it coming to Cumbria?
It is not the case that none of the money is going to Cumbria.
We are taking action to deal with the persistent overrunning and over-spending of NHS budgets, which was an intolerable situation that we had to get a grip on.
We are investing £26 billion more in the NHS, and that will rise over the course of this Parliament.
We will make sure that every part of the country gets its fair share, not least through the deprivation-linked funding that I mentioned.
I know that it is bumpy for ICBs as we get them back to balance, but believe me it will be worth it in the end when we have a sustainable NHS that is fit for the future.
In 2020, a consultation was carried out to give prescribing rights to operating department practitioners, but despite positive discussions with the Department we are no further forwards and OPDs and allied health professionals are being held back.
Does the Secretary of State agree that expanding their roles within scope of practice will improve efficiency, patient care and professional development?
We are keen to address these sorts of issues through our workforce planning and to ensure that staff are working to the top of their licensing capability, always within the training provided.
That way we can get the best possible value for taxpayer money and, most importantly of all, the best outcomes for patients.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me about the importance of step-down provision, provided by community hospitals such as Petersfield and Alton, both for patient care and for relieving pressure on acute hospitals, such as Queen Alexandra and Basingstoke?
Yes, and that is why we are reforming the better care fund.
Key to the shift to prevention is making sure that people can stay in their own homes or get home from hospital.
The Health and Social Care Committee found that such provision costs the NHS £1.9 billion every year.
Can the Secretary of State update me on what we are doing to get the social care system working?
Thanks to the decision that the Chancellor has taken, spending power in social care is rising—not just through Department funding but in the spending power of local authorities.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we have to get the right care in the right place at the right time.
That often means better care for patients and better value for taxpayers.
At midnight, The Times published an article on the ME final delivery plan, carrying quotes from three ME campaign groups.
The charity Action for ME published a five-page briefing at the same time, and “BBC Breakfast” also featured the plan, so they had all read the plan.
I checked with the relevant officers and went to the House of Commons Library about half an hour ago, and no plan has been published.
More than 12 hours after the Department’s press release, no MP can access the plan.
Is this how it should be?