In my constituency, there is a little boy called Teddy, who was diagnosed with MLD—one of the most cruel and degenerative diseases, which is now treatable if diagnosed at birth.
Teddy was diagnosed too late because there was no screening.
He has lost his ability to walk and talk, and he even fights to smile—a battle that no child should ever have to face.
The Minister knows that the treatment is now available, yet MLD has not been added to the simple heel-prick screening tests.
Will she also agree to meet Teddy’s family when she meets the family mentioned by  the hon.
Member for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean)  to discuss this issue?
It is too late for Teddy, but for so many other children it is not.
As the hon.
Lady points out, for Teddy and Lily it is sadly too late for that treatment.
That is why we are looking at screening.
I would be delighted to meet with Teddy’s family once we have the outcome from the screening review.
What steps his Department is taking to improve car parking provision at NHS hospitals.
The Department has published guidance that trusts are expected to follow to manage the provision of car-parking spaces for patients, hospital users and staff.
Responsibility for hospital car parks lies with each individual trust, and provision must be managed alongside the existing policy, providing free parking for those in the greatest need.
Parking at Eastbourne district general hospital, where I was born, is woefully inadequate.
The car park is often full, so patients have to park way away up the Rodmill hill, and car park services are crumbling.
More than that, lower-banded NHS staff now face a near doubling of car parking charges to cover the cost.
Given that the Government have delayed investment in our new hospital and, therefore, in a new car park until the 2040s, what support will they provide in the meantime to upgrade our DGH car parking facilities without our NHS heroes being expected to foot the bill?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the discussions about any advanced works arising from the new hospital programme are ongoing.
I am very happy for the Department to continue to discuss with the trust how future investment can best meet the needs of the future.
University hospital Coventry and Warwickshire suffers from really poor car parking facilities.
I have had to take both my parents there over recent years to use its specialist cardiology services.
The poor quality of those car parking facilities causes additional stress for patients visiting those services, which they can ill afford when they have suffered strokes or heart attacks.
It is becoming extremely vital that something is done, so will the Minister meet me and other local MPs to discuss the crisis in car parking at the hospital?
The provision of car parking remains an issue for trusts.
I recognise the stress caused by trying to get patients to hospital, particularly if they have mobility problems.
I commend the many hospitals across the country that have really good active travel plans and are working with their local communities to resolve some of these issues.
We need to hear more from the trust about what provision it is putting in place to serve my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle health inequalities across the country.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle health inequalities across the country.
The driving force behind this Government’s approach to health is the principle that whoever a person is and whatever their background, they should receive the same world-class services as everyone else, based on need and not the ability to pay.
That is why at its core, our 10-year plan for health looks to stamp out health inequalities, freeing up billions to move critical resources such as medicines and equipment to the regions and patients that need them most.
Only a Labour Government will protect the NHS as a service free at the point of use, rebuild it, and make it fit for the future for everyone in our country.