Dementia is one of the greatest health challenges that we as a society face today and in the future, but too many people with dementia end up in hospital, rather than being treated in more appropriate community settings.
The 10-year NHS plan offers a real opportunity to shift care into the community and away from acute settings, including for dementia.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working with Dementia UK, the Alzheimer’s Society and other fantastic charities as he develops the implementation of his 10-year NHS plan to ensure that it truly delivers for people with dementia and those who care for them?
I absolutely agree with what the shadow Secretary of State has said.
All three shifts—from hospital to community, from analogue to digital, and from sickness to prevention—ought to benefit people with Alzheimer’s, dementias and other neurological conditions, as will the pioneering science that we need in this country, which I know he is so passionate about.
Maintaining the focus on local communities, the fantastic St Mary’s birth centre in Melton Mowbray, in my constituency, has recently been temporarily closed by the local NHS trust for six months due to staff shortages.
Although I appreciate that the Secretary of State does not have powers over such temporary closures and that local NHS leaders have engaged constructively, many local people fear that “temporary” could risk becoming permanent.
If that risk looks like becoming a reality by the end of the summer, will the Secretary of State or one of his Ministers pre-emptively agree to meet me at that point to discuss it?
Mr Speaker, if I may briefly crave your indulgence at what is my last Dispatch Box appearance for the foreseeable future, may I take the opportunity—after seven years, almost continuously, on the Front Bench in government and in opposition—to thank you, to say that it has been a privilege, and to tell the Secretary of State that it has been a pleasure to shadow him?
I think he knows it, but I genuinely wish him well.
I absolutely give the right hon.
Gentleman the assurance that I would be happy to meet him about his constituency issue, or indeed anything else.
For all of the exchanges that we have across these Dispatch Boxes on issues of disagreement, what is not always readily understood beyond this House is the extent to which those on both sides work extremely constructively together, on the enormous number of issues that we have in common, in pursuit of the national interest.
The virtues of wisdom, kindness and selfless dedication to public service are not the preserve of one side of the House.
The right hon.
Gentleman has those qualities in abundance, and we wish him very well, personally and professionally.
UK  doctors and nurses have been volunteering their time in Gaza.
There are shocking reports this morning that Israel’s ground offensive in central Gaza has compromised the efforts of the World Health Organisation after its facilities came under attack.
In the light of that extremely concerning news, does the Secretary of State agree that those supporting the health response in Gaza, including UK doctors, nurses and volunteers, must never be targeted, and that Israel must comply with its obligations under international humanitarian law?
I deplore Israel’s attacks on healthcare workers, as well as those on innocent civilians trying to access healthcare or vital aid.
These actions go well beyond legitimate self-defence and undermine the prospects for peace.
I will be in touch with the World Health Organisation to offer my support following the intolerable incident yesterday.
I sincerely hope that the international community can come together, as my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has been driving for, to ensure that we see an end to this war, but also the recognition of the state of Palestine while there is still a state of Palestine left to recognise.