Tackling health inequalities requires a strong workforce.
I recently met a constituent who is about to qualify as a nurse, but she has been unable to find work.
She is not alone; this is a widespread problem.
The reasons she has been given include recruitment freezes to save money and nurses brought in from overseas instead.
We need more nurses to tackle health inequalities, so will the Secretary of State ensure that trusts are funded to support and employ new nurses, and to prioritise British nurses for British jobs?
I can certainly assure the shadow Minister that the chief nursing officer
and I are working proactively to deal with nursing unemployment.
We are also working with the leadership of the NHS to make sure that we are reducing our reliance on overseas workers.
Grateful though I am to all the healthcare workers who come from overseas to work in our health and care services—the service would fall over tomorrow if they all left, so we should be extremely grateful—there is certainly an overreliance, and that is what we are addressing.
I have to say to the shadow Minister, though, that both those issues are a result of appalling workforce planning, for which the previous Government bear a huge amount of responsibility.
What steps his Department is taking to support neighbourhood health services.
It is only with proper investment and reform that we will bring care closer to people’s homes and into the community.
Our 10-year health plan will roll out a neighbourhood health service in every community, as one-stop shops for health and care services that meet the needs of local populations, including rural and coastal communities like my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The previous Government failed to move care into the community.
We have already hit the ground running on delivering the 10-year health plan, and launched the national neighbourhood health implementation programme on  9 July  to start that work at pace.
My constituents in Barrow and Furness very much welcome the Government’s move towards delivering more neighbourhood health services, but my right hon.
Friend will be aware of the great concern locally about the proposal from Lancashire and South Cumbria integrated care board to permanently end level 3 critical care at Furness general hospital.
More than 10,000 people have signed my petition just this week to oppose that move.
Will the Secretary of State please ensure that decision makers meet me and representatives locally to explore an alternative path forward that ensures patient safety, protects the integrity of our hospital and reflects the area’s growing population?
That was just one of many instances in which my hon.
Friend has made the voices and views of people across Barrow and Furness heard loudly and clearly in this place and across government.
In response to her question, I say yes, absolutely: on such an important matter her local commissioners should be meeting her,  as the local Member of Parliament, and I think I can commit to that on their behalf.
While such decisions must be made locally and clinically led, they must also be made in partnership with the local authority and the local community.
We must ensure that we are engaging democratically elected representatives, and I will ensure that my hon.
Friend secures that meeting.
My constituents in Cranleigh have no train service and no direct bus service to the Royal Surrey County hospital in Guildford, which is a big issue for older residents who do not drive.
Does the Secretary of State agree that some of the empty rooms in Cranleigh Village hospital could provide a very good opportunity for the expansion of neighbourhood health services, and if he has not been briefed on this pressing issue by his officials, may I brief him, or one of his Ministers, on it in the autumn?
That sounds like another bid for a neighbourhood health centre in the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, but I am sure that local commissioners will be delighted to hear the case he has made, given the experience that he brings to bear.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of industrial action on NHS services.
Before this Government came to office, strikes were crippling the NHS.
Costs ran to £1.7 billion in just one year, and patients saw 1.5 million appointments rescheduled.
Strikes this week are not inevitable, and I sincerely hope that the British Medical Association will postpone this action in order to continue the constructive talks that my team and I have had with its representatives in recent days.
Our priority is to keep patients safe regardless, and we will do everything we can to mitigate the impact on them and the disruption that will follow should these totally unnecessary and avoidable strikes go ahead.
In a previous role, I found that health workers took industrial action only in extreme circumstances, so I agree with the Secretary of State that if the strikes can be prevented, they should be.
During previous resident doctors’ strikes, elective or scheduled procedures were usually postponed, or planned to be postponed, to free up senior doctors to cover their work, but I note that the chief executive of NHS England has instructed hospitals to continue those procedures.
Has the Secretary of State made any assessment of the impact that would have not just on patients but on the staff who would have to remain?
The approach we are taking is different from that taken during previous periods of strike action.
NHS leaders have made it clear to me that those earlier strikes caused much wider harm than had previously been realised.
There is no reason why planned care—appointments relating to cancer, for example, as well as other conditions—should be treated as being less important than, or playing second fiddle to, other NHS services.
That is why the chief executive of NHS England has  written to NHS leaders asking them to keep routine operations going to the fullest extent possible, as well as continuing priority treatments.
It will be for local leaders to determine what is possible given staffing levels, which is why it is so important for resident doctors to engage with their employers about their determination—or not—to turn up at work this week, and why I must again spell out the serious consequences for patients should these avoidable and unnecessary strikes go ahead.
Healthcare assistants at Blackpool teaching hospitals NHS foundation trust have been underpaid on the wrong band for years, but the trust has consistently failed to put that right, and as a result staff have been left with no choice but to be balloted for strike action by Unison from today.
Healthcare assistants play a vital role in our NHS, but is it any wonder that they often feel undervalued and demoralised when they are not paid the correct rate for the duties that they undertake?
Does the Secretary of State agree that Blackpool’s healthcare assistants are worth just as much as those in the rest of the north-west and that the trust should pay up now?
I should declare that I am a member of Unison.
The issue that my hon.
Friend raises is a serious one.
We obviously do not want to see strike action impacting on her local constituents, and my Department will do everything we can to help bring an end to the dispute.
I will make a more general point: these sorts of choices and trade-offs about resources are precisely why the BMA resident doctors, having received a 28.9% pay rise from this Government in the last year, ought to remember the responsibility that I and they have to some of their lower-paid colleagues.
Resources are finite, and it is important that I act in the interests of all NHS staff and have particular concern for those who work extremely hard but are not properly rewarded.