Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine investing in early childhood

education.
3 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine improving export controls and

enforcement.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine ensuring equity for women

veterans at the VA.
APRIL 11

8 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold open and closed hearings to examine the posture

Transportation Command in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for fiscal year 2025 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session at 12:30 p.m. in SVC-217.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime,

Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global

Women's Issues

To hold hearings to examine countering transnational

criminal networks and corruption in the Western

Hemisphere.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Sanket

Jayshukh Bulsara, to be United States District Judge

for the Eastern District of New York, Dena M. Coggins,

to be United States District Judge for the Eastern

District of California, Eric C. Schulte, and Camela C.

Theeler, both to be a United States District Judge for

the District of South

Dakota, Nancy L. Maldonado, of Illinois, to be United

States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Georgia

N. Alexakis, to be United States District Judge for the

Northern District of Illinois, Krissa M. Lanham, and

Angela M. Martinez, both to be a United States District

Judge for the District of Arizona, Sparkle L.

Sooknanan, to be United States District Judge for the

District of Columbia, Claria Horn Boom, of Kentucky,

and John Gleeson, of New York, both to be a Member of

the United States Sentencing Commission, and David O.

Barnett, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the

District of New Mexico, Clinton J. Fuchs, to be United

States Marshal for the District of Maryland, Matthew L.

Gannon, to be United States Attorney for the Northern

District of Iowa, David C. Waterman, to be United

States Attorney for the Southern District of Iowa, and

Gary D. Grimes, Sr.,
to be United States Marshal for

the Western District of Arkansas, all of the Department

of Justice.
10 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine bolstering chronic care

through Medicare Physician Payment.
APRIL 16

10 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 1651, to encourage

increased trade and investment between the United

States and the countries in the Western Balkans, S.

138, to amend the Tibetan Policy Act of 2002 to modify

certain provisions of that Act, S. 1829, to impose

sanctions with respect to persons engaged in the import

of petroleum from the Islamic Republic of Iran, S.

3874, to impose sanctions with respect to foreign

support for terrorist organizations in Gaza and the

West Bank, S. 2626, to impose sanctions with respect to

the Supreme Leader of Iran and the President of Iran

and their respective offices for human rights abuses

and support for terrorism, S. 2336, to address the

threat from the development of Iran's ballistic missile

program and the transfer or deployment of Iranian

missiles and related goods and technology, including

materials and equipment, S. Res.
505, condemning the

use of sexual violence and rape as a weapon of war by

the terrorist group Hamas against the people of Israel,

S. Res.
357, recognizing the formation of the Alliance

for Development in Democracy and urging the United

States to pursue deeper ties with its member countries,

S. Res.
385, calling for the immediate release of Evan

Gershkovich, a United States citizen and journalist,

who was wrongfully detained by the Government of the

Russian Federation in March 2023, S. Con.
Res.