Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
59

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 9, 2024 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 10

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold open and closed hearings to examine the posture

States Cyber Command in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for fiscal year 2025 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the U.S. Forest

Service.
Committee on the Budget

To hold hearings to examine offshore tax evasion by the

wealthy and corporations.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jennifer

L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the National

Transportation Safety Board, and Patrick John Fuchs, of

Wisconsin, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation

Board.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the state of air quality

monitoring technology.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for United States

Agency for International Development.