Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jennifer

L. Homendy, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the National

Transportation Safety Board, and Patrick John Fuchs, of

Wisconsin, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation

Board.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the state of air quality

monitoring technology.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2025 for United States

Agency for International Development.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider S. 4042, to amend title 44,

United States Code, to reform the management of Federal

records, S. 2871, to advance Federal Government

innovation through the implementation and use of multi-

cloud computing software technology, S. 4036, to

establish a Government Spending Oversight Committee

within the Council of the Inspectors General on

Integrity and Efficiency, S. 4062, to establish a pilot

program to assess the use of technology to speed up and

enhance the cargo inspection process at land ports of

entry along the border, S. 4066, to improve Federal

technology procurement, S. 3698, to amend title 11,

District of Columbia Official Code, to revise

references in such title to individuals with

intellectual disabilities, S. 4055, to provide for a

pilot program to improve contracting outcomes, S. 2278,

to establish Image Adjudicator and Supervisory Image

Adjudicator positions in the U.S. Customs and Border

Protection Office of Field Operations, S. 4024, to

amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enable

secure and trustworthy technology through other

transaction contracting authority, S. 1897, to require

the Secretary of Homeland Security to enhance

capabilities for outbound inspections at the southern

land border, S. 3851, to designate the facility of the

United States Postal Service located at 90 McCamly

Street South in Battle Creek, Michigan, as the

``Sojourner Truth Post Office'', H.R. 5473, to amend

certain laws relating to disaster recovery and relief

with respect to the implementation of building codes,

H.R. 2754, to designate the facility of the United

States Postal Service located at 2395 East Del Mar

Boulevard in Laredo, Texas, as the ``Lance Corporal

David Lee Espinoza, Lance Corporal Juan Rodrigo

Rodriguez & Sergeant Roberto Arizola Jr. Post Office

Building'', H.R. 3865, to designate the facility of the

United States Postal Service located at 101 South 8th

Street in Lebanon, Pennsylvania, as the ``Lieutenant

William D. Lebo Post Office Building'', and H.R. 3947,

to designate the facility of the United States Postal

Service located at 859 North State Road 21 in Melrose,

Florida, as the ``Pamela Jane Rock Post Office

Building''.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Community

Oriented Policing Services (COPS) grant program.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Homeland Security

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and

justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department

of Homeland Security.
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Subcommittee on Economic Policy

To hold hearings to examine MOHELA's performance as a

student loan servicer.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

Subcommittee on Water and Power

To hold hearings to examine the federal and non-federal

role of assessing cyber threats to and vulnerabilities

of critical water infrastructure in our energy sector.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine the role of child care small

businesses in supporting parents and the American

workforce.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine investing in early childhood

education.
3 p.m.

Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Spending Oversight

To hold hearings to examine improving export controls and

enforcement.
3:30 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine ensuring equity for women

veterans at the VA.