International.
Since then, BCI has been the leading trade association for unlocking the potential of energy storage and supporting the commercial integration of essential products.
BCI members are committed to safe, responsible battery manufacturing and sustaining the world's most successful circular economy.
The domestic lead battery industry is an American manufacturing story that should make us all proud to be a part of.
The industry in the United States has more than 165 GWh of manufacturing capacity, 39 lead battery manufacturing facilities, over 250,000 lead battery collection and distribution sites, and 9 lead battery recycling facilities.
Lead batteries have a nearly 100 percent recycling rate, an industry sustainability achievement deserving of our recognition.
The U.S. battery industry powers roughly $8.1 trillion worth of domestic industrial economic output annually, or roughly 20 percent of the U.S. economy.
Forty-eight million jobs are related to or reliant on the battery industry and related downstream businesses.
And the industry continues to invest to meet the future.
The batteries made by BCI members over the past century have powered nearly a billion vehicles in the U.S. alone--a staggering contribution to American mobility.
Fifty percent of the world's energy storage capacity is reliant on lead batteries, which are a particularly vital part of virtually every industry sector, including transportation, traditional vehicles, electric vehicles, autonomous vehicles emergency and remote power, data centers, telecommunications, and renewable energy storage.
I am especially proud of the work of East Penn Manufacturing, which is the largest single-site, lead battery facility in the United States.
East Penn is located in my former congressional district in Lyons, Pennsylvania, and employs over 10,000 people.
The President and CEO of East Penn, Chris Pruitt, leads this important company with its remarkable workforce in our state, and also currently serves as the Chairman of the Board for Battery Council International.
The battery industry continues to be vital for our economy, our low carbon future, and our manufacturing sector, as well as the many industries that rely on energy storage.
I would like to congratulate my friend and BCI board chair, Chris Pruitt, as well as BCI President, Roger Miksad, and all of the members on the 100th Anniversary.