Mr. SCHNEIDER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the outstanding contributions and public service of 
Mr. Joe Mislinski.
Joe Mislinski is as a distinguished graduate of the United States Military Academy (USMA) at West Point, Class of 1978.
A trailblazer in his own right, Joe was pan of the inaugural class that permitted members to select specialties beyond combat-arms, choosing the Ordnance Corps.
Notably, Joe became the first CSMA graduate to attend the joint service Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) school, reflecting his courage and readiness for challenging assignments.
Joe served with distinction throughout his active-duty tenure, including deployments in the United States supporting the Secret Service and in Germany with the Combat Engineers in the 3rd Armored Division during the Cold War.
Joe exhibited unwavering commitment to national defense and global security, championing America's priorities on the world stage.
Following his military service, Joe continued to epitomize the values of Duty, Honor, Country as an active member of the West Point Society.
Over two decades, in various capacities, including serving as board member and ultimately president, Joe was dedicated to mentoring new cadets and fostering connections among West Point alumni in Chicago.
Joe has also served as chair of my Military Service Academy Selection Committee for the 10th Congressional District.
As 
Representative for the 10th District of Illinois, one of my most significant responsibilities is nominating students to our Nation's esteemed military academies.
Since my first term in the 113th Congress, Joe has generously volunteered his time and extensive institutional knowledge to assist me in interviewing and ultimately nominating our future military leaders.
As Joe embarks on a new chapter with his family in Connecticut, his commitment to service remains undiminished, as he will serve as coordinator for admissions to West Point for the state of Connecticut Joe's legacy will continue to inspire us all, underscoring the profound influence of one individual on our communities.
Once again, I extend my deepest gratitude to Joe Mislinski for his distinguished service to the Nation, the 10th District of Illinois, his tireless efforts in support of West Point, and his continued commitment to excellence in all endeavors.