As a member of the operating forces and supporting

establishment, Lieutenant General Glavy served ``at the heart of the

Marine Corps'' in various assignments, including as an aircraft

maintenance officer, weapons and tactics officer and embark officer,

and current operations officer, eventually climbing the ranks to

commanding general and U.S. Marine Corps Forces Cyberspace Command and

Space Command.
General Glavy also supported his troops, his country,

and his family, in the USMC Headquarters, where he served, among many

impressive assignments, as platoon commander, White House liaison

officer, and presidential command pilot.
Lieutenant General Glavy

currently serves as the Deputy Commandant for Information and 2nd

Commander of the Marine Corps Forces Strategic Command.
Lieutenant

General Glavy will be returning to the Buffalo area as the keynote

speaker at the reunion of the 3rd Battalion, 26th Marines.
Today, I'm asking all present to join me in honoring Lieutenant

General Matthew G. Glavy for his lengthy service and dedication to our

great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE INDONESIAN COMMUNITY CONNECT FOR A DECADE OF

CELEBRATING INDONESIAN CULTURE

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Indonesian

Community Connect in New Hampshire as they celebrate a decade of

promoting Indonesian culture.
This also marks the sixth anniversary of

ICC's initiatives as a non-profit organization and the second year of

the momentum of the Little Indonesia Project.
The Little Indonesia

Project, the first of its kind in our Nation, embodies art, culture,

and opportunity, forging connections between Indonesian culture and New

Hampshire, directly contributing to the revitalization of the Downtown

Somersworth business district.
ICC, a non-profit organization headquartered in New Hampshire, has

dedicated itself to showcasing the rich diversity of Indonesian culture

while fostering mutual understanding among various cultures and values.
Operating from Somersworth, NH, the ICC team has diligently linked the

Indonesian community with the Granite State and its support services.
They have gone the extra mile in assisting the Indonesian community

with accessing local resources, including healthcare, education, food,

festivals, and much more.
This team serves as a bridge that connects Indonesian culture with

neighboring communities, offering a wide array of resources.
They have

established a food pantry to address food insecurity within the

Indonesian Community and provide support for career building,

particularly for those affected by the pandemic, thereby promoting

economic mobility in New Hampshire.
Additionally, they offer document

translation services to help community members navigate in-person,

virtual, and phone interactions, enhancing English language

proficiency.
The ICC is not only committed to sharing its culture

externally but also nurturing cultural enrichment for children and

serving as a hub of resources for stakeholders, including the local

government and valued collaborators in Indonesia.
On behalf of my constituents in New Hampshire's First Congressional

District I extend my warmest congratulations and heartfelt thanks to

the passionate volunteers at ICC, both in New Hampshire and Indonesia

for a decade of work that embodies the spirit of collaboration and

teamwork that we deeply value in New Hampshire.
I wholeheartedly

appreciate the heartfelt work of this team in fostering the rich

tapestry of Indonesian culture over the past 10 years.
As the

representative privileged to serve the home base of the Indonesian

Community Connect in Congress, I eagerly anticipate witnessing the

continued success of this celebration in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF MARK GROZIO

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

Legislator Mark Grozio and his remarkable career in public service.
As

a lifelong resident, graduate of LaSalle High School, and graduate of

Niagara County Community College, Mark has always been equipped with a

deep-seated familiarity and knowledge of his community.
His career as a county legislator was preceded by over 3 decades as a

wireman and IBEW member.