Title: COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF THOMAS ROY BIRKENSTOCK; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
147

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF THOMAS ROY BIRKENSTOCK

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and

service of Mr. Thomas ``Tom'' Roy Birkenstock of Burlington, Iowa, who

passed away on August 15, 2023.
Mr. Birkenstock was born on July 16, 1944, in Burlington, Iowa to Roy

George and Marjorie Maude Holsteen Birkenstock.
A lifelong farmer, he

graduated from Iowa State University in 1966 with a degree in Animal

Science.
Mr. Birkenstock also served 6 years in the National Guard.
He

married Sue Ellen Maupin on February 26, 1966, and together, they have

3 children and many more grandchildren.
Those who knew Mr. Birkenstock will tell you that he was always

generous and kind.
He never knew a stranger, and happily engaged every

individual he met.
Mr. Birkenstock always put family first and

committed much of his time to his grandchildren.
In his free time, Mr.

Birkenstock was passionate about golfing, woodworking, hunting,

fishing, and sports; he was a loud and proud supporter of the Iowa

Hawkeyes, Green Bay Packers, and the St. Louis Cardinals.
A devoted man

of faith, Mr. Birkenstock was a longtime member of the Knights of

Columbus fraternal organization and St. Mary's Catholic Church in

Dodgeville, where he served on the church council and taught Sunday

School.
His generosity and contributions towards his local community

were unmatched and will be remembered for many years to come.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol to recognize Mr. Birkenstock's life and service to our Nation.
He will be dearly missed by his friends, family, and all who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FLORIDA'S 16TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT FIRE AND RESCUE EMS AWARDS

HON.
VERN BUCHANAN

Mr. BUCHANAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize fire, rescue and

EMS personnel who have provided distinguished service to the people of

Florida's 16th Congressional District.
First responders, fire departments and emergency medical service

teams are summoned on short notice to serve their respective

communities.
Oftentimes, they arrive at scenes of great adversity and

trauma, to which they reliably bring strength and composure.
These

brave men and women spend hundreds of hours in training so that they

are prepared when they get ``the call.''
Eleven years ago, I established the 16th District Congressional Fire

and Rescue and EMS Awards to honor our first responders for outstanding

achievement.
On behalf of the people of Florida's 16th District, it is my

privilege to congratulate the following winners, who were selected this

year by an independent committee comprised of a cross section of

current and retired fire and rescue personnel living in the district.
Above and Beyond the Call of Duty Award: Charge Paramedic Jacqueline

Wright of Manatee County EMS.
Lieutenant Derek Foss of Southern Manatee

Fire Rescue.
Support Specialist Christopher Underwood and Support

Specialist Adam Green of Manatee County Search and Rescue.
Dedication & Professionalism Award: Fire Marshall Rodney Kwiatkowski

of West Manatee Fire Department.
Captain Norman Brown of the

Hillsborough County Fire Department.
Assistant Chief Sean Dwyer of

Manatee County EMS.
Lieutenant Lionel Harrison of the City of Bradenton

Fire Department.
Career Service Award: Battalion Chief David Foxall of the City of

Bradenton Fire Department.
Chaplin James Martin and Fire Commissioner

Ed Stevens of the Parrish Fire District.