Mr. Speaker, today I am honored to recognize

Legislator Mark Grozio and his remarkable career in public service.
As

a lifelong resident, graduate of LaSalle High School, and graduate of

Niagara County Community College, Mark has always been equipped with a

deep-seated familiarity and knowledge of his community.
His career as a county legislator was preceded by over 3 decades as a

wireman and IBEW member.
He graduated from apprenticeship school, and

naturally, his predilection for leadership roles made him a good fit

for serving as assistant business manager for over 10 years at IBEW

Local 237.
Mark served on the contract negotiation committee, executive

board, and labor management committee.
Needless to say, Legislator

Grozio has long understood the value of labor unions and apprenticeship

training.
This experience served him well in the legislature while

dealing with issues of economic development, infrastructure, and

facilities.
Through the years, Mark sought additional ways to enhance

his community.
He served on the Niagara Falls planning board, the

Niagara Falls electrical board, and volunteers for the festival of

lights and Veterans Memorial at Hyde Park in Niagara Falls.
He has

worked with United Way, coached Little League baseball, and assisted

with several ice hockey organizations.
Every hour that Mark devotes to

one of these causes shows his true character--one that is service-

oriented and generous.
Some of the hallmarks of a great career in public service are

competence and a keen awareness of the issues facing your constituency.
Legislator Mark Grozio exemplified these 2 characteristics for 10 years

in the county legislature, and all the residents of Niagara County owe

him a debt of gratitude.
After countless hearings, meetings, and

events, it is time that we wish Mark a very happy retirement.
He will

surely enjoy more time with his wife of 40 years, Lynda, and his entire

family.
In the meantime, his community will continue to reap the

benefits of his career of hard work.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VICTORIA SWANSON JAMES' LIFE AND SERVICE TO THE CITY OF

YPSILANTI

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pastor Victoria

Swanson James, a resident of Ypsilanti, Michigan whose life her

community is celebrating on her passing.
Her lifelong dedication to her

family, church, and community is worthy of remembrance and

commendation.
An Ypsilanti native, Victoria earned her Bachelor's in Education from

our great Eastern Michigan University.
After earning a Master's in

Education as well as a Certificate of School Administration, Victoria

served as an educator in the Willow Run and Ann Arbor Public Schools

for over a decade.
In 1978, she answered the call to the ministry.
She

was later ordained in 1981 at the Metropolitan Memorial Baptist Church,

also in Ypsilanti.
Under the leadership of the late Rev. Dr. S.L.

Roberson, Victoria served as his First Assistant for over 20 years.
Outgrowing her role as an assistant, Victoria founded the Ekklesia

Fellowship Ministries in Ypsilanti in 2000 and assumed the role of

Pastor.
In 2004, she founded the ``Women of The Word, Too'' an

organization that provides mentoring and an outlet for women clergy

throughout Washtenaw County and the surrounding area.
Active in a range

of organizations, Pastor James's service areas were quite extensive:

member of the Love Ypsi Pastors Network, Washtenaw County Sheriff

Council of Clergy, Hope Clinic Board of Directors, Pastoral Advisory

Council for the Hope Clinic, former President of the Ypsilanti Gateway

Economic Development Board, and former 1st Vice-President of the

Ypsilanti Willow Run branch of the NAACP.
Victoria's son, DeVaughn, who

has been preaching in her stead, had this to say: ``She loved her city.
Mom believed in the village mindset.
There's a proverb in our community

that says `it takes a village to raise a child.'
Mom was confident in

the strength and richness of the Ypsilanti village.
That's why she

committed her life to uplifting this village.''