Mr. Speaker, it is evident that Mrs. LeBaron has dedicated her life

to the people of Sonoma County through her writing, teaching and

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HAITIAN BOAT PEOPLE

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the

50th anniversary landing of the first boat carrying Haitian refugees to

South Florida.
On December 12, 1972, the first report of Haitian refugees, often

called ``Haitian Boat People,'' fleeing to the United States, was

documented.
Between 1972 and 1981, over 55,000 refugees arrived in

Florida and have continued to thrive thanks to community champions who

supported the Haitian migrant population.
Today, the South Florida Haitian refugee population has accomplished

many firsts, becoming mayors, councilmembers, and state

representatives.
Miami's historic Lemon City became the first

neighborhood officially called Little Haiti.
Central streets were named

after Haitian cultural icons such as Felix Morisseau-Leroy and heroes

of Haiti's independence.
A statue of Toussaint Louverture stands guard

on Plas Kamoken in Little Haiti.
Toussaint Elementary was home to the

first Haitian American principal, and Morningside Elementary

became the first international language magnet in the country to offer

Haitian Creole.
The Little Haiti Cultural Center has become the mecca

for the global Haitian Diaspora, a destination for arts, culture, and

entertainment.
And the Manno Sannon Stadium is home to the

championship-winning Little Haiti Supreme Football Team.
December 12, 2022, marked the 50th anniversary of the first

documented arrival of Haitian refugees fleeing Haiti by sea.
This

anniversary marks the beginning of an incredible journey that has

transformed South Florida's social, cultural, and political landscape.
History-making events have since followed, impacting federal

jurisprudence, local advocacy efforts for immigrant justice, and the

treatment of asylum seekers in healthcare, education, employment, and

housing.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring the legacy of the Haitian

boat people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE PROMOTORES Y PROMOTORAS OF LATINO HEALTH ACCESS

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the achievements of

Latino Health Access, an organization that works tirelessly to uplift

communities, promote health equity, and create sustainable change.
Latino Health Access (LHA) has demonstrated an unwavering commitment

to these ideals through its mission, which partners with communities to

aid through education, services, consciousness-raising, and civic

participation.
Latino Health Access's mission is multifaceted, encompassing the

delivery of culturally appropriate health-related services and

programming to address pressing health concerns, as well as engaging

individuals in low-income, low-opportunity areas to transform their

environments and effect positive, concrete changes in their homes and

communities.
Since its establishment in 1993, Latino Health Access has been a

trailblazer in the field of public health by pioneering the Promotor de

Salud/Community Health Worker (CHW) model in the United States,

recognizing the potential of individuals from within communities to

advocate for better health and living conditions.
The Promotores y Promotoras, who are integral to the Latino Health

Access approach, are community members themselves, living within the

very neighborhoods they serve, and are dedicated to promoting,

connecting, and linking their communities with vital health services

while also advocating at local, county, and state levels for policies

that enhance overall living conditions.
Today, equity lies at the heart of the Promotor Model, which

contributes to building healthier and more resilient communities by

providing systems navigation services, surmounting barriers to access,

and amplifying community leadership and participation, while

simultaneously advocating for policy, systems, and environmental

changes that address the social determinants of health.
I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the profound impact of

Latino Health Access and its Promoter Model.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE UNITED STATES COMMISSION ON AN OPEN SOCIETY WITH

SECURITY ACT OF 2023

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.