There's a proverb in our community

that says `it takes a village to raise a child.'
Mom was confident in

the strength and richness of the Ypsilanti village.
That's why she

committed her life to uplifting this village.''
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in honoring the

life service of Pastor Victoria Swanson James.
Despite being the mother

of 8 and Nana of 15, Victoria always had love to spare for her

congregation and her community.
We remember her fondly, and her

presence will continue to be felt in the Ypsilanti community for years

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING SERGEANT JOHN EDWARD DINGMAN

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember the

life of United States Marine Corps Sergeant John Edward Dingman.
John Dingman was born on September 2, 1950, in Chatham, New York.
He

attended

Maple Hill High School before enlisting with the United States Marine

Corps in August 1969.
Sergeant Dingman served bravely in the Vietnam

War as a Special Radio Operator from 1969 to 1973.
Upon his honorable

discharge, he earned the National Defense Service Medal and the Good

Conduct Medal.
Returning to civilian life, Sergeant Dingman began a 40-year career

with General Electric Plastics in Selkirk, New York.
He and his wife

Linda Jewett Dingman were married on October 8, 1983.
The couple raised

their 3 children--Beth, Jason, and Melanie--together in Rensselaer

County.
Family always came first for Sergeant Dingman as a father, a

grandfather, and eventually a great-grandfather.
Sergeant Dingman was a lifelong and avid outdoorsman.
He enjoyed

hunting, fishing, and camping in the wilderness, and shared his

expertise with his community as a fish and game instructor.
His ideal

getaway was the Adirondack Gateway RV Resort.
A member of the National

Rifle Association, Sergeant Dingman also taught rifle classes and bow-

hunting courses.
On behalf of New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to

recognize the life of Sergeant John E. Dingman; a soldier, a mentor,

and a family man.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SCHREINER UNIVERSITY 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th birthday of

Schreiner University in Kerrville, TX.
A generous donation of land and

finances by Captain Charles Schreiner in 1917 made this possible.
He

served with distinction in the Texas Rangers.
Capt.
Schreiner outlined his vision for the Institute as ``facilities

for high grade instruction and military training for boys and young men

as preparation for college and university work.''
James J. Delaney served as the first president of Schreiner

Institute.
From the beginning, it has been committed to the Reformed

tradition of the Presbyterian Church.
The first class of female students was admitted during World War II.
Formal military training ended in 1971, and the Institute became fully

coeducational.
In the year 2000, Schreiner's governing board voted to change the

school's name to Schreiner University.
The years immediately following

the name change saw various renovations and new buildings take shape on

campus.
Online classes started in 2014 and have expanded since then, now

including a full online master's program.
Recently, Schreiner

introduced their Military Academy Preparatory School to provide paths

for students into military service.
In its 100th year, Schreiner University is proud to bring back a

pastime from its early days, football.
Other sport disciplines for

students include soccer, wrestling, equestrian, shooting sports, and

tennis.
Today, Schreiner University president Charlie McCormick oversees a

campus that offers over 30 different degree options.
I am proud that

the Hill Country is home to a university the caliber of Schreiner.
Congratulations on 100 years of helping students achieve more.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELLSTON 150TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
BRAD R. WENSTRUP

Mr. WENSTRUP.