Lieutenant Lionel Harrison of the City of Bradenton

Fire Department.
Career Service Award: Battalion Chief David Foxall of the City of

Bradenton Fire Department.
Chaplin James Martin and Fire Commissioner

Ed Stevens of the Parrish Fire District.
Preservation of Life Award: Chief Jared Leggett, Deputy Chief John

Elwood, Captain Sheena Leggett, Captain Chris Krier, Captain Hollister

Robinson, Captain Nicholas Reis, Sergeant Elizabeth Alvarez, Captain

Joey Spinks, Corporal Harry White, Rescue Technician Matt Snell, Rescue

Technician Nik Martinez, Rescue Technician Ebson Parrish, Rescue

Technician Terry Olsen, Rescue Technician Rachel Swim, Rescue

Technician Joseph Hoffman, Rescue Technician Ben Watts, Rescue

Technician Chiara Simeoni, Rescue Technician Evan Gibbs, Rescue

Technician Christopher Rodriguez, Rescue Technician A.J. Kwiatkowski,

Civilian Pilot Garrett Mitchell, K9 Kaido, K9 Taz, K9 Alpha and K9

Karma of Manatee County Search and Rescue.
Unit Citation Award: District Chief Zach Molnar, Charge Paramedic

Brandon Craig, EMT Anthony Tino, Charge Paramedic Jill Kinghorn of

Manatee County EMS.
Firefighter Aaron Wright, Firefighter/Engineer

Brandon Beals of the City of Bradenton Fire Department.
Officer Jason

Rhind of the Bradenton Police Department.
Engineer Daniel Lane,

Firefighter Michael Kish, Firefighter Ben Guth, Lieutenant Chad Gamble,

Firefighter Jordan Rogers, Firefighter Brian Perdue, Lieutenant Eric

Hoying, Firefighter Kyle Powers, Firefighter Bret Kanapux, and

Battalion Chief Kyle Taylor of East Manatee Fire Rescue.
Medical

Director David Nonell, Assistant Chief Sean Dwyer, District Chief

Bradley Hughes, Registered Nurse Brie Spuck, Advanced Practice

Registered Nurse Shannon Shanks, Social Worker Sonia Shuhart, Outreach

Case Manager Angie Sciarrone, Community Health Worker Meghan Carr,

Community Paramedic Aaron Fullenwider, Community Paramedic Ashley

Robinson and Resource Coordinator Vanessa MargrafBrenn of Manatee

County EMS.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING GAYE THERESA LeBARON

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mister Speaker, I rise today along with

my colleague Congressman Jared Huffman to honor Gaye Theresa LeBaron in

celebration of her outstanding career as a journalist, teacher, author

and historian.
Born in the town of Scotia, California, in 1935, Mrs. LeBaron moved

to Boyes Hots Springs in Sonoma County when she was 14 years old.
She

attended Santa Rosa Junior College before transferring to the

University of California, Berkeley to pursue a bachelor's degree in

English and History.
Her illustrious career as an historian and human-interest columnist

at the Press Democrat in Santa Rosa, California, began in 1955 when she

became an intern.
During her 65 years with the Press Democrat as a

reporter and later columnist, she wrote 8,500 columns, married her late

husband John LeBaron and had her 2 children, Suzanne and Tony.
Mrs.

LeBaron has since gifted her research notes, correspondence, memoirs,

unpublished documents, newspaper clippings and photographs to Sonoma

State University.
Students and the public enjoy access to the Gaye

LeBaron Collection.
Mrs. LeBaron has a deep love of Sonoma County history.
She told our

county's story as a lecturer at the Santa Rosa Junior College for 35

years as well as at Sonoma State University's Osher Lifelong Learning

Institute.
She has written 3 books on the history of Santa Rosa: Santa

Rosa: A Nineteenth Century Town, Santa Rosa: A Twentieth Century Town,

and The Wonder Seekers of Fountaingrove.
Mrs. LeBaron also served on

the Sonoma County Museum Leadership Council, further dedicating herself

to the history of Sonoma County.
Now her permanent exhibit at the

museum, Sonoma County Stories, will ensure future generations can

experience her life's work.
Widely renowned in our community, Mrs. LeBaron received the

Representative Mike Thompson Sonoma County Woman of the Year Award in

2016, an Honorary Doctorate of Letters from Sonoma State University and

a President's Medallion from the Santa Rosa Junior College Foundation.
Mr. Speaker, it is evident that Mrs. LeBaron has dedicated her life

to the people of Sonoma County through her writing, teaching and

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HAITIAN BOAT PEOPLE

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.