Mr. MULLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Peninsula Family Service and commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the founding of this impactful nonprofit, and its unique history and significance to my district.
Peninsula Family Service was founded on April 24, 1950, responding to a need to provide counseling for veterans who had returned from World War II and their families.
The San Francisco Bay Area has evolved over many decades, and Peninsula Family Service has been there every step of the way--providing support, caring for neighbors, and becoming a deeply trusted part of our community.
Peninsula Family Service is well-known for its ability to adapt and respond to local needs, and it provides support to program participants at every stage of life, from children and families to adults over 100 years young.
The organization has more than 45 programs, sites, and services, reaching 10,000 of our neighbors in San Mateo and Santa Clara Counties in California.
Today these services are more relevant than ever.
The priority program areas for Peninsula Family Service are early learning, employment services, financial empowerment, and older adult services.
The scope of Peninsula Family Service programs is broad: Older adults can participate in any one of numerous exercise classes, including Tai Chi and Zumba, or get a nutritious lunch, which is provided each day at the organization's Fair Oaks Adult Activity Center in Redwood City.
The Fair Oaks Center is part of the Peninsula Family Service's comprehensive approach to health, wellness and overcoming isolation for our older adults, all key components of its Overcoming Loneliness Initiative, through which the organization is a San Mateo County leader.
Parents of children from birth to 5 years old are served at Peninsula Family Service early learning centers, of which there are soon to be eleven around San Mateo County.
Each learning center provides high-quality child development and family support.
One of these centers also provides programs for youth ages 6 to 12 years.
All Peninsula Family Service centers provide this care and early learning to children of low-income families and households in poverty.
Some children are unhoused and some may have experienced other trauma.
Peninsula Family Service also offers financial education workshops for adults, and now also for teens ages 13 to 20 years of age.
To honor its 75 years of unwavering service to the Bay Area, Peninsula Family Service is hosting a year-long celebration throughout 2025 to recognize, thank and engage past, current, and future members of the Peninsula Family Service family.
At the core of its 75th anniversary is a commitment to celebrating the many generations of program participants, staff, leadership, volunteers, auxiliaries, donors, and corporate and community partners, and their impact on our community.
I am proud Peninsula Family Service is part of California's 15th Congressional District.
The organization stands as a testament to the power of responsiveness to community needs and the importance of providing support for our community.
Peninsula Family Service honors all those who have been part of its past and looks forward to serving where community need remains great.
As I reflect on the journey of Peninsula Family Service, I am reminded of the profound impact of nonprofits, such as Peninsula Family Service, that keep our communities healthy and strong.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in celebrating Peninsula Family Service's 75th Anniversary and wishing continued success in all future endeavors.