Study Group is so important.
As the fifth such group established by the U.S. Association of Former Members of Congress, the CSGI creates a dedicated, bipartisan forum for substantive discussions on trade, technology, energy, defense, and other issues that define the U.S.- India relationship.
This initiative will not only strengthen our strategic partnership, but also build greater understanding and collaboration between our two great democracies at a pivotal moment in history.
The CSGI represents an investment in the future, one that advances shared priorities like national security, global health, and climate stewardship, while also reaffirming the enduring bonds between the American and Indian people.
I would like to specifically extend my sincere gratitude to the Roundglass Foundation, established by 
Mr. Gurpreet ``Sunny'' Singh, for its marquee role in launching this groundbreaking initiative that will further strengthen the sacred bond between the United States and India.
Under Mr Singh's visionary leadership, Roundglass has already championed numerous efforts that have expanded access to athletics, education, women's empowerment, and environmental stewardship, particularly for underserved communities.
This new initiative is a shining example of that legacy, one that reflects Roundglass' unwavering commitment to building a healthier, more inclusive, and more sustainable future for us all.
As an Indian-American, I am deeply honored to recognize the work being done under Roundglass' efforts to unlock the full potential of a strong U.S.-India relationship, one that can help build healthier and more resilient societies in both of our countries.
The establishment of this Congressional Study Group on India holds the promise of guiding our nations toward a stronger, more cooperative future.
For that, Mr Speaker, I wish to extend my heartfelt gratitude and appreciation to Roundglass, to 
Mr. Singh, and to the additional partners who helped launch this ground-breaking program.