Mrs. BIGGS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the remarkable career and dedicated leadership of Sue Veer, who sadly passed away after nearly two decades of service as the president and CEO of Carolina Health Centers in Greenwood, South Carolina.
She has left behind a strong legacy through her purposeful mentorship and healthcare advocacy.
As president and CEO, Sue led 19 medical practices that provide care for more than 26,000 patients combined.
Her colleagues, patients, and partners in the healthcare space admired her innovative goals for community health centers.
She is said to have inspired those around her to aim higher and make a difference.
Sue was a dedicated board member of the National Association of Community Health Centers and the South Carolina Primary Health Care Association.
She championed local, state, and national priorities in the health center movement and will be remembered as a committed visionary.
In her national work, she was a founding member of a lobbying group called 340B Working Table, which represents hospitals, drugmakers, and various health interests that work together to advance bipartisan 340B legislation.
She testified before Congress several times to advocate for 340B progiams and affected patients.
Prior to her career in community health, Sue faced a life-threatening tragedy.
A devastating dam failure caused extensive damage and heavy flooding in her town.
This disastrous incident took the life of her young daughter.
According to Sue, the kindness demonstrated by the healthcare professionals who treated her injuries and helped her move forward proved to be an inspiration.
Her survival story, and the healthcare professionals at the forefront, led her to pursue a career in community health and sympathize with patients every step of the way.
Her compassionate ``Monday Messages'' of encouragement to colleagues and friends will be cherished and fondly missed.
She is said to have cultivated many deep connections, and I pray for her family, friends, and loved ones as we all mourn her loss.