The Prime Minister has acted swiftly and decisively.
What a contrast with the Conservative party.
I note that the shadow Foreign Secretary is not in her place today.
What happened when she broke the ministerial code?
The Conservatives promoted her.
Does the Minister agree that we will not take lectures on ethics from them?
I have been very clear that the Prime Minister has acted decisively on this matter and, in the light of that additional information, the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador to Washington.
That is decisive action and that is responding to that information, and I have explained the reasons for it.
rose— Order.
The hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (Perran Moon)  has just mentioned another Member.
I presume that he has contacted her to let her know that he was going to do so.
Is that the case?
No, Mr Speaker.
Please do not do that again.
We are meant to treat each other with respect.
This message is for all Members: if you are going to mention another Member, do them the courtesy of ensuring that they are first made aware of the fact.
On the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have seen the high calibre of career diplomats who usually take up the most senior ambassadorial appointments, so it is not obvious to me why the British ambassador to the United States was a former MP.
In the emails that have leaked overnight, it  appears that Lord Mandelson thinks that to govern is to schmooze.
He famously declared in an election victory speech that he was a fighter, not a quitter, yet he urged the convicted paedophile, Jeffrey Epstein, that to fight for early release was the right thing.
And Lord Mandelson did not do the decent thing and quit.
Does the Minister regret the original appointment?
The hon.
Gentleman asks about precedent.
He will know that there is precedent, and we do have excellent ambassadors and high commissioners around the world—he and I have met many of them directly as they represent this country diligently.
I have been clear: in the light of the additional information and emails written by Lord Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
In particular, Lord Mandelson’s suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information, and the emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein is materially different from that known at the time of his appointment.