The Secretary of State quite rightly talks about improving rail performance, yet we are in a city paralysed by strike action from the RMT.
The Government claim that nationalising the railways under Great British Railways will bring untold improvements.
They are “untold”; Lord Hendy tells us that there will be rigorous performance standards, but he has repeatedly refused to set out what they will be.
When will the Secretary of State set out the standards by which the Government’s nationalisation experiment should be judged—or are they still discussing them with the RMT?
I associate myself with the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks about the importance of free speech, but I disagree with his assertions about improvements under Great British Railways.
Conservative Members know the value of bringing train operating companies into public ownership; they did it themselves when they were in government.
Back in 2023, they brought TransPennine Express into public control, following years of poor performance.
It is no surprise to me and Labour Members that since then, TransPennine Express has had a 75% reduction in cancellations and 42% growth in passenger numbers.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
What steps she is taking to help improve local bus services.
This Government’s landmark Bus Services (No. 2) Bill will deliver a step change in local bus services around the country, putting power over buses back in the hands of local leaders and enabling the delivery of more reliable, safe and inclusive routes.
We are also investing £1 billion to support and improve local bus services and keep them affordable; confirming multi-year funding to allow local authorities to plan and invest ahead; and extending the £3 bus fare cap to March 2027.
Worcester has been let down on transport.
Our evening and weekend buses have been decimated, leaving our roads congested, our air polluted and our city centre cut off.
I thank the Secretary of State and the Minister for Labour’s early work, which has already restored some of our local services, but Worcester needs more.
Our city centre businesses, our night-time economy and our commuters need and deserve a modern system of shuttle buses running all day long and at weekends.
We are the Government of partnership, so will the Minister assure me that the Department is ready to do what it takes, working dynamically and creatively with a range of public and private partners to see this vision delivered locally in Worcester?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his commitment to improving local bus services in Worcester.
We want better buses throughout the country, and I can assure him that the Government will continue to work with local leaders to give them the powers needed to deliver bus services that meet the needs of local communities.
My constituents are sick of being ignored when it comes to vital bus routes being withdrawn.
More than 600 of them recently signed a petition after the unexpected and rapid withdrawal of the well used No. 17.
Giving more powers to local councils does not always equate to communities having more of a say.
Can the Minister please explain what checks and balances are in place to ensure that, as we devolve powers, residents really are listened to?
I know the bus services in South Shields very well indeed, having been born there, and I know intimately from conversations with my family the struggles that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are having with bus services.
Our landmark Bus Services (No. 2) Bill will allow local leaders to take back control of bus services, and I am sure that Kim McGuinness, the Mayor of the North East, will be able to do just that.
Eastbourne district general hospital, where I was born, and the Hastings Conquest hospital are quite far apart.
On a good day, it takes 45 minutes to drive from one to the other, and two hours by bus.
More and more services are moving to the Hastings hospital, but we need better transport links, such as a shuttle bus, to make things seamless for patients.
Can the Minister meet me and local representatives to discuss how we could secure a shuttle bus service to Hastings hospital for our town?
This is why it is so important that the Government are handing local areas the power to design bus services around local needs.
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to continue discussions with his local transport authority on doing just that.
The SNP in government has introduced free bus travel for under-22s, and last week, it scrapped peak  rail fares.
Those measures support access to employment opportunities, put more money in people’s pockets, and support local economies, especially in suburban and rural areas.
Will the Minister acknowledge those excellent measures for consumers in Scotland and consider their benefits for the rest of the UK?
We have the £3 bus fare cap in England, and we have committed to continuing that up to March next year.
We will continue to keep our support for bus fares under review for the future.