As I have made very clear, it was in the light of additional information and emails written by Lord Mandelson that the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
In particular, Lord Mandelson’s suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
I know my hon.
Friend well, and I know that her thoughts and the thoughts of us all will be with the victims of Epstein’s appalling crimes.
The House needs to understand the sheer size of the failure of the vetting process here.
It is in the public domain that Peter Mandelson had to resign for not telling the truth about an interest-free loan, and that he had to resign on a second occasion because he had helped a business friend to get a passport.
Beyond that, there are still unresolved doubts about his behaviour as the European Trade Commissioner, when he gave concessions to the Russians, which helped his other dubious close friend, Mr Deripaska.
On the positive vetting process for when Peter Mandelson came to be a Minister again in 2010, section 3.1 of the ministerial code says: “Ministers…must ensure that no conflict arises, or could reasonably be perceived to arise, between their public duties and their private interests, financial or otherwise.”
Secretaries of State do not have private diaries.
He spent time in Mr Epstein flat, it seems quietly meeting other people involved in the Sempra deal.
That cannot be seen as following his proper duties as Secretary of State.
It was in the Government documents—it does not have to be a private email.
Was that investigated, and was a judgment made on it?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks specifically about vetting.
As I have said, all candidates for ambassador positions are subject to routine, extensive vetting and background checks as a matter of course.
I point him to the formal process outlined in the diplomatic service code, which highlights the robust security clearance and vetting process that all members of the diplomatic service undergo.
Again, I point out that, in the light of additional information in emails written by Lord Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador to the United States.
I agree with the Minister’s utter condemnation of all the horrendous crimes of Jeffrey Epstein.
Does he agree that as soon as this new information came to light, the Government took decisive action very swiftly, which is different from the Conservatives?
When they were in government and there were serious misgivings, it was actually the independent ethics adviser who ended up resigning.
I agree that this is decisive action.
The Prime Minister has acted in the light of that additional information, the Foreign Secretary has acted, and Lord Mandelson has been withdrawn as ambassador to Washington.
I am sure that the Minister is delighted that he has not had to shred his own reputation like his ministerial and Cabinet colleagues have had to do on the broadcast rounds over the course of recent days, including this morning, in trying to defend Lord Mandelson and the lack of judgment shown by the Prime Minister.
I do not know what it is about the decades of scandals and being best friends with a notorious child trafficker and paedophile, which should have rung some alarm bells in No. 10 before this decision was taken.
If I listened correctly, the Minister did not confirm to the Father of the House that all relevant materials will be published.
Did the Prime Minister know about these emails prior to standing up at the Dispatch Box just yesterday to say he had confidence in Mr Mandelson, and does he retain the Labour Whip in the House of Lords?
What I can commit to is that we will keep the House updated on these matters.
A decisive decision has been made.
As I have made very clear, all candidates are subject to routine, extensive vetting and background checks as a matter of course.
The Prime Minister, in the light of the additional information, has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador to Washington.
In particular, the emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein was materially different from that known at the time of his appointment.
But I agree, of course, with the right hon.
Gentleman on the appalling crimes committed by Jeffrey Epstein, and the thoughts of all of us are with his victims, as they are every day.
I associate myself with the comments that others have made about the disgusting crimes of Jeffrey Epstein.
Twenty-four years ago today, on 9/11, I was sat in the TUC Congress as a delegate when we were made aware of what had happened.
May I put on the record my tribute to the first responders and public service workers in New York who came to the aid of people?
Many of them are still paying the price today.
A lot has changed in politics in the past 24 years.
One of the motivations that got me into public life was about the lack of accountability that we saw from senior Ministers when the Conservative party was in government, their failure to resign when scandals came up and the failure of Front Benchers to take action, so I welcome the swift action that this Government have taken now that new information has come to light.
Can the Minister assure us that lessons will be learned and that, if these things arise again, this Government will uphold the highest standards and take the action needed to protect public life?
I can absolutely assure my hon.
Friend of that, and this is decisive action.
He refers to the  11 September  attacks, and I think we all remember where we were on that fateful and tragic day.
That is why we remember the victims, particularly on the anniversary today.
May I just point out that it was as plain as day, after the exchanges between the Prime Minister and my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition yesterday, that Lord Mandelson could not possibly carry on in his role?
Why did the Prime Minister delay—or did he have to wait to be told what to do by Morgan McSweeney?
Who is going to be the new ambassador, and how quickly will the new ambassador be appointed at this absolutely critical time, when Russia is testing the defences of NATO countries and we are showing such a weak response?
The hon.
Gentleman, who I am sure has visited our embassy in Washington on many occasions, will know that we have an excellent and dedicated team there, as well of course in the Foreign Office in King Charles Street in London.
They are working on many aspects of that crucial security, defence and economic relationship.
We are working diligently in preparation for the state visit, and I commend them for that work.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about new information.
I have been very clear: in the light of the additional information and emails written by Lord Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
I have gone into the particular items, and in the light of that, and mindful of the victims of Epstein’s crimes, Lord Mandelson has been withdrawn as ambassador with immediate effect.