As I am sure the Minister knows and agrees, improving bus services must include making them safer for women and girls.
Concerningly, sexual offences on the UK bus network have increased in recent years; for example, they increased by 13% on London buses in the first six months of this year.
What is his Department doing to ensure that women and girls feel safe using the bus network, and can he share with the House any more information on the work being led by the Confederation of Passenger Transport, which he alluded to in yesterday’s debate on the Bus Services (No. 2) Bill?
As I intimated in last night’s debate, the Bill requires local transport authorities and bus providers to give training to their staff.
They will also have the power to introduce byelaws in order to clamp down on antisocial behaviour, and violence against women and girls in particular.
On police officers being able to use buses for free across the country, I share the hon.
Gentleman’s ambition.
I have already commissioned work with the Confederation of Passenger Transport to explore how we could deliver that.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
The Government confirmed over £92 billion of capital investment in transport infrastructure at the spending  review to drive economic growth and put more money in people’s pockets.
That includes £24 billion to improve roads, £15 billion in long-term funding for our largest city regions and £2 billion for local transport, boosting growth in towns, cities and regions across the country.
Taxis are an essential part of Blackpool’s transport network, yet the licensing scheme is failing both passengers and our local economy.
Vehicles licensed outside the area continue to operate in Blackpool, undermining passenger safety, costing our publicly owned bus company nearly £1.5 million, and holding back wider economic growth.
Will the Minister commit to urgently reforming the licensing scheme, so that vehicles and drivers licensed locally can operate in Blackpool, ensuring that public safety is protected and that vital taxi revenue supports our local economy?
Following the sobering recommendations of Baroness Louise Casey in her review on child sexual exploitation, this Government are more committed than ever to tackling this issue.
We have committed to legislating to address inconsistency in driver licensing, and we are considering all options, including on out-of-area working, national standards and better enforcement, to ensure the best overall outcomes for passenger safety.
I am a member of a parliamentary group on the Gatwick diamond growth area, and it is clear that expanding Gatwick airport gives huge potential for economic growth across the south-east and Croydon.
Plans to upgrade Norwood Junction station, in my constituency, with a lift were shelved when plans to make wider improvements to capacity on the Brighton main line were scrapped by the previous Government.
What consideration has the Secretary of State given to ensuring that there is enough capacity on our railways to support the projected growth of Gatwick, and how will she ensure that stations like Norwood Junction receive the investment that they need, so that communities like mine can feel the tangible benefits of growth?
I was pleased to meet my hon.
Friend in the summer to discuss this issue, and she is right to say that the previous Government cancelled plans to upgrade the Brighton main line.
I can assure her that my officials are in regular discussion with Network Rail on opportunities to improve services and ease congestion in the Croydon area.
I can also report that the recently completed upgrades to the station at Gatwick airport, and to track configuration in the Gatwick area, have significantly improved performance and journey times on the Brighton main line.
Pembrokeshire is a beautiful county with huge potential for growth.
Improved rail connectivity and more frequent services would bring significant benefits to our local economy, including by boosting tourism and expanding employment opportunities.
How is the Secretary of State working with our Welsh Labour Government to enhance rail links for rural communities like mine in Mid and South Pembrokeshire?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the communities he represents, and I can assure him that the Government are investing in Wales’s future to drive economic growth.
We continue to work with the  Welsh Government, through the Wales Rail Board, to ensure that the benefit of our £445 million investment in rail, announced at the spending review, is delivered right across the nation, including in Pembrokeshire.
There is an exciting proposal for a Universal Studios resort in Bedford.
The resort is projected to attract 8 million people every year, and the development is a golden opportunity for modern transport planning.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give that in the infrastructure planning, public transport will be prioritised over road traffic, and that electric rail, buses, and walking and cycling solutions will be integral from the outset?
The scale and significance of the proposed Universal Studios development in Bedfordshire is huge, and its success will undoubtedly be dependent on modern, sustainable transport options.
We are committed to working very closely with Universal and the relevant local authorities as the development progresses to ensure that infrastructure planning prioritises public transport and active travel.
We are really determined to make the most of this fantastic growth opportunity.
This week, I visited Schneider Electric’s brand-new manufacturing facility in Scarborough, which will create 200 new jobs.
However, those opportunities are out of reach for so many of my constituents who rely on public transport.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that poor transport in coastal communities like Scarborough and Whitby, which are untouched by city transport region funding, does not strangle economic growth?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are committed to driving economic growth in all areas, not only the large city regions.
York and North Yorkshire combined authority will receive £94 million in local transport grant capital funding over the next four years, allowing local leaders to support schemes, including public transport schemes, that are in line with local priorities.
Given the scale of the disruption that Gravesham faces during the construction of the lower Thames crossing, what steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that a new transport system there supports real jobs for local people and has wider economic benefit?
For example, reinstating the Tilbury-Gravesend ferry would strengthen business connections across the Thames.
My hon.
Friend will know that ferry services run on a private sector basis to meet local demand, and funding for local ferry services is a matter for local partners, including Thurrock council and Kent county council.
However, my officials are working with them to ensure that the public transport opportunities that the lower Thames crossing may create are exploited.
Economic growth is, of course, one of the stated aims of the High Speed 2 project, but the Secretary of State knows well that it has adverse effects on communities along the line of construction.
She knows also that those communities need to make plans for land that will be made available to them when construction is over  and HS2 no longer needs it.
At Transport questions on  27 March , I asked her about the land disposal strategy, which was by then long overdue.
Six months later, we still have not seen it.
Can she tell us when we will?
We have made some progress on the proposed eastern leg of HS2, which had been due to run up to Sheffield, but the previous Government cancelled it.
During the summer, I made announcements about sites on that part of the line.
I am aware that there are further issues in the Birmingham area, and with the section between Birmingham and Manchester.
I am keen to make progress, but we also need to make sure that we have sites available for the necessary development and construction.
My first priority is to get HS2 built at the lowest reasonable cost.
The A483 is critical to economic prosperity in mid-Wales and North Shropshire—it runs between Welshpool and Oswestry—but it has a huge accident blackspot at Llynclys in my constituency, which really holds up the traffic, and local people positively avoid the area.
Highways England has said that it is keen to improve that road.
Will the Secretary of State tell us the timetable for those works?
I understand the point that the hon.
Lady is making.
If I may, I will write to her with details about that junction on the A483.
The announcement by the Secretary of State of the investment in the M54-M6 link road was very much welcomed, but a number of local businesses, including Hollies farm shop and Cate’s Cakes, will potentially be impacted, as people may not be able to access them during construction.
Will the Secretary of State arrange for one of her senior officials to meet me and a number of local businesses to discuss how these issues can best be mitigated?
I was very pleased that the Chancellor announced in the spending review that we would move ahead with the M54-M6 link road.
As the then Roads Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , has said, that was a “no-brainer”.
I would be very happy to ask my officials to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss support for local businesses during construction.
Junction 10 of the M5 on the edge of my constituency is a key piece of transport infrastructure that can unlock growth, thousands of new jobs—it is adjacent to GCHQ, and so can support national cyber-security and intelligence work—and housing growth, which the Government have made a key priority.
As a result of delays, there is a huge funding gap, amounting to about £70 million.
Can Ministers have a word with their colleagues at Homes England and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to work out how that gap can be fixed, so that we can deliver those new homes, which are much needed, and the jobs too?
I would be very happy to have those discussions across Government.
I believe the local authority met recently to consider whether it could provide any support to fill the funding gap and, potentially, secure developer contributions towards that scheme.
Previous Conservative Governments were committed to repairing the railway line at Dawlish, which is vital to Devon and Cornwall’s economic growth, yet this Labour Government have said that they will complete the rail resilience programme only if and when survey work shows that it is needed.
Given the likelihood that the Treasury’s emergency fund will have been spent on public sector pay increases, can the Secretary of State guarantee that funding will be found for resilience works, if they have not been planned and committed to as part of a fiscal event, should an unexpected incident or landslip take out the line at Dawlish?
We are still funding drainage works and survey work on the Dawlish line.
Four phases of work have already been completed.
The cliffs are much more resilient than they were a number of years ago, when we experienced catastrophic failure.
We have paused funding, but we will continue to keep under review the information that comes back from the survey so that we can continue to provide a reliable and resilient service for people in the south-west.
On Friday, I had the privilege of meeting Lawrence Bowman, the new chief executive of South Western Railway, who brings with him over 20 years of experience in the industry.
We travelled from Salisbury to Tisbury.
He says that he has to write a five-year plan.
I am keen to ensure that that has the maximum impact and deals with the Tisbury loop.
Salisbury is on the gateway to the south-west.
I would be grateful if the Secretary of State delegated an official or a Minister to meet me so that, as the five-year plan is constructed, there are no unreasonable constraints or misunderstandings over what is necessary to ensure that the railway is at the centre of economic growth in the south-west.
I am pleased to hear that the right hon.
Gentleman had a constructive meeting with the new South Western leadership.
I was clear with Lawrence Bowman when he took up the job that I wanted him to meet local MPs along the route to talk about quick wins to improve services.
I am very happy to ask officials from the Department for Transport to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to have the conversations he seeks.
Shadow Secretary of State, I welcome you to your new position.
Thank you very much indeed, Mr Speaker.
I also thank the Secretary of State for her welcome last night, and welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Transport,  the hon.
Member for Selby (Keir Mather)  to his new role.
I associate myself with the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  regarding the assassination of Charlie Kirk yesterday.
He was a champion of freedom of speech and open debate, and I know hon.
Friends and Members from across the House all want to see politicians disagreeing well.
On the subject of disagreeing well, I will come to my questions.
Fundamental to economic growth is a functioning transport system, but faced with tax hikes and inflation-busting fare rises people will find the Secretary of  State’s comments difficult to believe—ASLEF strikes on CrossCountry, our capital city hammered with tube strikes and bus drivers striking tomorrow.
Next weekend, Manchester will see the biggest strikes in years, followed closely by strikes in Luton, Milton Keynes, Stevenage, Hemel Hempstead, Preston and even, Mr Speaker, Chorley.
Sir Sadiq Khan says that strikes in London are nothing to do with him.
The Department for Transport, Downing Street and the whole Labour Government say that they are nothing to do with them, despite many of the unions on strike being Labour’s multimillion pound funders.
So I ask the Transport Secretary, will anyone, anywhere in the Labour Government stand up for passengers facing an autumn of discontent?
Before the Secretary of State answers, I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that welcoming the shadow Secretary of State does not mean that he can then have an essay to portray one question!
[Laughter.]
Let me congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his appointment.
I know he has experience as a Transport Minister.
And, of course, he had extensive experience of travelling the length and breadth of the country before the last election searching for that rarest thing, a Tory safe seat.
[Laughter.]
On the substantive point, I of course recognise the frustration of the travelling public about strikes.
The Mayor of London is completely right to have called for the RMT—the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers—to get back around the table with Transport for London to find a resolution to the dispute.
May I caution the right hon.
Gentleman, though?
He might wish not to adopt such an indignant tone, because when he was at the DFT there was a rail strike one day in every 10.
In fact, under the Tory Government, we saw the highest number of total strike days for any 19-month period since the 1980s.
Forgive me, I will not be taking any lectures from him on industrial relations.
I have obviously followed the Secretary of State’s lead; I believe she had a constituency once upon a time in south London, but now represents Swindon.
It is great to have that leadership there.
Growth requires investment, which Labour is cutting as it gives billions in no-strings-attached pay rises to train drivers.
We have already seen a 50% increase in the bus fare cap, and just last week we saw the draft road programme published, with investment down 13% in real terms on the past five years.
Labour is delaying schemes and cancelling vital upgrades like the A303 entirely, with hundreds of millions of pounds wasted.
As ever, 90% of journeys take place on roads.
Can the Secretary of State name one thing this Government have done for the millions of motorists who drive petrol or diesel cars?
We have frozen fuel duty—that is what we have done.
We have also invested £1.5 billion this year to fix potholes—a record amount of money—which will fix the equivalent of 7 million extra potholes.
I also say gently to the right hon.
Gentleman that I am a very proud representative of my home town in Swindon.
Searching around the country for a safe seat was not something that I indulged in.
Right, with all those pleasantries done, we now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
A transport system can support economic growth only if it provides a reliable service on which businesses and passengers can depend.
According to the Evening Standard, there have been 149 incidents of industrial action on TfL since Sadiq Khan became Mayor, with millions of people inconvenienced and businesses disrupted again this week in yet another tube strike.
Can the Secretary of State tell us what steps she is taking, as a senior Labour politician, to sort out the mess caused by the Labour Mayor of London’s failure to reach an agreement with his Labour friends in the RMT, a union that has given hundreds of thousands of pounds to their comrades on the Government Benches in recent years?
I understand everyone’s frustrations with the tube strikes; I use public transport in London every week, and I know that when the tube is down, not only are there queues for buses, but there is gridlock on our roads.
It is right that the Mayor of London has called for the RMT to get back around the table with TfL.
That is what this Government want, and it is what the travelling public want.
I will be talking to the director of operations at Transport for London, Claire Mann, this afternoon, to understand what the next steps are in resolving this dispute.
What steps she is taking to include ferry services in the integrated public transport strategy.