The Minister is right that there is still more to be done—there is a lot more to be done.
He inherited a broken system from his own predecessor in the Department for Transport, under whom the problem got significantly worse over the last year.
I do not think the Minister is listening to the country.
I cannot be alone in having an inbox full of emails from constituents complaining about the wait time to get themselves or, indeed, their children a driving test.
My constituent Sarah wrote: “Young people’s work opportunities are significantly reduced by not being able to drive,” particularly in rural England, in this case Steeple Claydon in my constituency.
Sarah sets her alarm for 5.45 every day to try to secure a test, and the best she has managed is next February.
Will the Minister apologise to everybody up and down the land who sets their alarm early because the Government are making the situation a lot worse?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman explained to his constituent the broken system that his party left for this country.
We are absolutely determined to drive down waiting times.
Thanks to the proactive measures taken by the Secretary of State we have, as I said, increased tests by 10,000 a month.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
Our airports are gateways to the world for the British people and for investment into the UK from across the globe.
The Government are committed to supporting the aviation sector as a central part of our growth mission.
We are progressing airport planning decisions and modernising airspace; we invited and received proposals for Heathrow expansion, encouraging billions in investment; and to support sustainable growth we have introduced the sustainable aviation fuel mandate and the Bill on revenue certainty.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend the Minister on his new position.
I spent the weekend in the bonny town of Ayr for the Ayr show, celebrating the aviation sector’s contribution to my constituency and the wider west of Scotland economy.
That contribution includes companies such as BAE, Collins Aerospace, GE Caledonian, NATS, Spirit AeroSystems and Woodward, the turnaround of Prestwick airport, and the commitment of defence scale-up Aeralis to build the first British-built jet in 50 years at Prestwick.
Does the Minister agree that we need to continue to support our aviation sector to create well-paying jobs at Prestwick and across the UK?
My hon.
Friend has championed Prestwick airport and the aviation sector in his constituency, and I agree with him that aviation is vital to the UK’s industrial and regional prosperity.
In 2022, air transport and aerospace supported around 240,000 jobs nationwide.
The Government remain committed to backing the sector to deliver high-quality, well-paid jobs from Prestwick to communities across the length and breadth of the United Kingdom.
What recent progress she has made on the development of policy on pavement parking.
The previous Government consulted on pavement parking rules back in 2020 but failed to take any action.
We have had to pick up the issue from scratch since we came into office last year.
A lot has changed in the UK political landscape in the past five years, and this Government’s genuine commitment to devolution has shaped our thinking on pavement parking.
We will be able to say more about that, and finally publish a response to the consultation, soon.
Will the Minister assure us that any enforcement powers will be extended to local authorities, not just the police, in order to make any regulations effective?
Alongside that, will he reassure us that local authorities will have the power to make exceptions in areas where such restrictions would be impractical, as is the case in many streets in my Horsham constituency?
We of course continue to engage actively with local authorities in the development of this policy.
Local authorities already have the power to restrict pavement parking wherever there is a need by introducing traffic regulation orders, and we are exploring additional measures to help them to tackle the issue.
On Sunnyside Avenue in Tunstall in my Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove constituency, a particular issue with pavement parking occurs outside Mill Hill primary academy, where cars dangerously mount kerbs.
Will the Minister please outline what more can be done to keep our kids safe around our schools?
I encourage my hon.
Friend to engage with his local authority to explore whether a TRO, as I mentioned in response to the previous question, would be appropriate in that instance.
What steps her Department is taking to support local authorities to implement major transport schemes.
The Government are investing an unprecedented £15.6 billion in local transport across our city regions, including £1.5 billion for South Yorkshire and £2.1 billion for West Yorkshire, to support the delivery of transport  schemes across the region.
We have also confirmed £2.3 billion for the local transport grant over the spending review period for improvements in places outside major city regions, including to support more zero emission buses, cycleways and congestion improvement measures.