I, too, look forward to working with the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Selby (Keir Mather) , in his new role.
Last week, the Transport Committee heard that car clubs, peer-to-peer ride-sharing and car-sharing schemes align with Government objectives on transport integration, reducing congestion, increasing electric vehicle use and supporting residents in rural areas where public transport is poor.
Unlike France and other countries, the sector in the UK operates in a policy vacuum, particularly since the Government withdrew the car clubs toolkit guidance in May.
Is the Minister planning to address that policy vacuum?
My hon.
Friend is completely right, and I thank the Transport Committee for raising that important point.
I have commissioned officials to consider how we can support and promote the use of car club and car-sharing schemes, starting with a roundtable of industry stakeholders.
I would be delighted if she could attend.
I will ensure that that guidance is reinstated.
Hammersmith bridge closed six years, four months and 22 days ago, cutting off the bus routes and causing congestion in Putney.
I welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , holding the first Hammersmith bridge taskforce meeting.
When will the next one be held?
I am very aware of the problems relating to Hammersmith bridge, and I know the Minister hosted that first meeting of the resurrected Hammersmith bridge taskforce.
I do have some good news for my hon.
Friend: we announced in the spending review a structures fund, to assist local authorities with repairs to bridges and tunnels that are beyond their financial capacity to fund.
We will set out the criteria for access to that fund in due course.
Half the bus sector’s funding now comes from public sources, but during the summer, National Express announced changes to bus services in my constituency with just two weeks’ public notice, which will have a really negative effect on residents in New Frankley, Allens Cross and Bournville Gardens Village retirement home.
Does the Minister agree that when regulation is brought in—which is welcome—consultation must be included?
I agree wholeheartedly.
It is really important that local people are engaged when designing a network and making changes to it.
The Liverpool city region Mayor, Steve Rotheram, has submitted a new town bid with Liverpool and Sefton councils, to regenerate the most deprived areas of the country.
Does the Minister agree that for new towns to succeed, there needs to be proper funding for integrated transport, and will he commit to working and meeting with the mayor and the politicians to make that happen?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I have regular meetings with the Mayor of Liverpool city region.
I am completely cognisant of the fact that for new towns to be successful, thriving communities, they   need public transport built in from the start.
Indeed, there is capacity to almost create new towns in existing towns where public transport is already available.
Those are the sorts of conversations I am having with our regional mayors.
The A12 is a major transport route into Colchester and a vital part of economic growth in the region.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the urgent need for upgrades to its western end?
I would be delighted.
Luton station is the gateway to Luton town centre, and thanks to this Labour Government, it will soon be getting lifts to all its platforms.
However, the roof still leaks.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of Luton council to see what can be done with regard to the state of the station?
I will talk to the Rail Minister and ask him to meet my hon.
Friend.
We cannot have a leaking roof in Luton station.
The Padiham Greenway bridge has been closed since 2021.
In December last year, this Government gave £280,000 to Sustrans to get the work finished, but there is a shortfall.
The Government have given £19 million to Lancashire county council through the active travel fund and the capability fund to get this project online.
Does the Minister agree that Lancashire county council should prioritise this and get it done?
I thank him for his extensive correspondence with me on this topic.
I know my hon.
Friend is a very active campaigner in this area.
I would be delighted to meet him to discuss what further pressure we can apply to ensure this project is delivered.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
You will be aware of the mistakes made during the counting of votes yesterday.
Are you able to give some guidance to those on the Treasury Bench on the importance of the work of the Whips?
Divisions are a core part of our business in the Chamber, and the accurate recording of votes is integral to parliamentary decision making.
I appreciate that there have been major changes in the Whips Office, and things have to be delivered in these new roles.
I know the House team will work with the Whips to make sure we get accurate results.
I met the Chief Whip this morning and explained the concerns that were raised with me following last night, through the Deputy Speakers.
We do take this seriously.
My door remains open for the Chief Whip, and I hope he will use that avenue as a way for us to work together.
It is unfortunate that I have not had that conversation until this morning.
I will leave it at that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if she will make a statement on the process for the appointment of the United Kingdom’s ambassador to the United States.
Before I respond to the question, it is important that as a House we all recognise that today is the anniversary of the  11 September  attacks.
Many of us will attend commemorations later, and our thoughts are with all the thousands of people who lost their lives in that despicable terrorist attack, including many British and American citizens, as well as those from many other countries.
The whole House’s condolences and thoughts will also be with the family and friends of Charlie Kirk— it was an absolutely appalling attack and murder yesterday.
In this House, as we sit under the two shields commemorating our dear colleagues from across the political spectrum, we know too well the terrible consequences of political violence.
I know that the whole House will be thinking of Charlie’s family, friends and others, and urging an end to that sort of political violence, which is absolutely appalling.
In light of additional information in emails written by Peter Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador to the United States.
The emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein is materially different from that known at the time of his appointment.
In particular, Lord Mandelson’s suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
In the light of that and mindful, as we all are, of the victims of Epstein’s appalling crimes, Lord Mandelson has been withdrawn as ambassador with immediate effect.
Mr Speaker, I thank you for granting this urgent question, and I agree with the words of the Minister about  11 September  and Charlie Kirk.
This is yet another extraordinary error of judgment by this weak Prime Minister.
I pay tribute to the Leader of the Opposition for yesterday securing justice for the victims of Epstein.
This raises massive questions.
It is not just that Peter Mandelson was Epstein’s “best pal” and said that he loved him, or that he brokered a deal for him while he was Business Secretary, but that, as we now know, he was working for Epstein’s early release after Epstein was convicted.
The simple question is this: is the Minister now saying that the Prime Minister did not know about any of that at the point when Lord Mandelson was appointed?
The Minister should not say that the boxes were ticked and the process followed—what did the Prime Minister know at the point of Lord Mandelson’s appointment?
The Minister said this morning that his understanding was that all the information was present—is that correct?
Did the Prime Minister know?
Will the Government now publish all the documents relating to Peter Mandelson’s  vetting?
If the Minister says that the Prime Minister did not know at the time, when did he become aware of the revelations?
Peter Mandelson quietly stayed at Epstein’s house while Epstein was in prison.
Mandelson now says that he was wrong to think that Epstein was innocent.
That is his defence—but Epstein had pleaded guilty.
There are huge questions here.
Did the US State Department give any warnings to our Government ahead of this appointment?
Did the Prime Minister’s chief of staff, Sue Gray, give any warning?
Have any employees of Global Counsel visited our Washington embassy since Peter Mandelson’s appointment?
Next week will be the state visit.
This is huge turmoil ahead of that, and I cannot believe that the Government have put our monarch in this terrible position.
I am glad that Peter Mandelson has now gone.
The Foreign Secretary has said that protecting women, girls and victims is her priority; how on earth does that square with the behaviour of the Government over recent days, squirming and twisting to try to protect Peter Mandelson, rather than the victims?
To be clear, this is a Government in which we had a corruption Minister having to resign over links to corruption; a former police officer having to resign over having not been clear with the police; a housing Minister having to resign over not paying tax on a house; and now we have our ambassador to Washington in the middle of the biggest scandal in Washington.
This is a weak Prime Minister, with error after error of judgment.
The first thing that we all need to be clear on across this House is that the victims of Epstein are at the forefront of all our minds—I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will not disagree with that.
Epstein was a despicable criminal who committed the most heinous crimes and destroyed the lives of so many women and girls.
Obviously the hon.
Gentleman wrote his remarks before the events in the last few hours, but I reiterate what I said to him.
The emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein was materially different from that known at the time of his appointment; in particular, the suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
Lord Mandelson has resigned and that decision has been taken.
That is a very clear answer to the hon.
Gentleman’s questions.
I am sure I speak for the whole House in sending our best wishes to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson)  on the appalling fire at her office overnight.
We send our very best wishes to her and her staff.
May I thank the Minister for his statement?
The Prime Minister has made exactly the right decision, and I think that has to be acknowledged.
He has moved at pace to put it right—[Interruption.]
Don’t be ridiculous.
Treat this seriously.
Order.
Please—this is very important.
A lot of people will be listening to what is going on in this Chamber, so let us give some courtesies to each other.
Clearly the appointment process did not pick up these issues; that is self-evident.
Can we have an assurance that there will be an inquiry into why that was not the case and that this House will be kept informed?
First, I was not aware of the terrible incident that my hon.
Friend refers to; I have just been informed of that this morning.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House will be with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson) .
I know how seriously you take the safety and security of Members of this House, Mr Speaker, particularly in the light of international events and the tragic loss of colleagues.
That underlines all the more why we must be able to go about democratic debate in this country, whatever our views, in a safe and secure way.