Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
I declare an interest as chair of the electric vehicle all-party parliamentary group.
In the year to date, one in five new car registrations has been an electric vehicle, with the sale of new EVs up 27%.
Demand is rising thanks in part to the Government’s proactive commitments to reducing transport emissions.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can make even more progress by providing that vital certainty to industry transitioning away from a fossil fuel-based transport system and ultimately saving drivers across the UK thousands of pounds?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend, who—as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on electric vehicles—has great expertise in this area.
It is right to acknowledge that the motor industry has faced unprecedented challenges in the last 12 months, so it was right that we responded proportionately by extending the flexibilities in the zero emission vehicle mandate.
But we have also given certainty back to the industry and consumers with the reinstatement of the 2030 phase-out date.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to update regulations on the use of micromobility vehicles.
Shared e-scooter schemes can provide a great way to get around, but the scooters can pose a nuisance for other people, so we need to ensure that their roll-out is both safe and properly regulated.
We have extended e-scooter trials until May 2028 to allow local authorities to test how the technology works.
We have also committed to pursuing legislation, when parliamentary time allows, for the full regulation of micromobility in order to create a safe shared-use network where they work for all people.
I declare an interest as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for wheelchair users.
Does the Minister accept that a wheelchair, whether manual or with power, is a medical device that enables disabled people to maximise their independence and live the life they choose?
Does he therefore agree that the terminology of “invalid carriages” in the legislation is discriminatory and outdated and that the regulations on the use of micromobility vehicles require updating urgently?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view that the term “invalid carriages” in the existing legislation is outdated and no longer reflects modern attitudes or needs.
This Government are committed to ensuring that disabled people have the same freedom to travel as everyone else and we recognise that mobility devices are vital for many.
That is why we are reviewing the legal frameworks surrounding mobility devices, including the outdated terminology, and we will consult on that in due course.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of passenger rail infrastructure.
Good rail infrastructure supports reliable services and economic growth, and is a central part of this Government’s growth mission.
In July, I set out my priority for improvements to the rail network as part of giving the green light to over 50 road and rail upgrades, supporting over 39,000 new homes and 42,000 jobs.
That included plans for stations at Cullompton in the hon.
Member’s constituency, and in Wellington.
Rail travellers are used to the excuse of leaves on the line, but travellers on the railway between Exeter and London Waterloo have recently encountered a new one: soil moisture deficit.
Dualling the line on a three-mile section of the track near Whimple could give passengers travelling on the west of England line two trains per hour.
Will the Minister please look favourably at that modest investment, which would improve frequency, reliability and resilience for one of the two main rail routes into the south-west?
I understand the frustration of the travelling public.
We experienced a particularly dry summer this year and Network Rail had made preparations  to deal with that, but I recognise that “dry soil” is as frustrating as “leaves on the line”.
I will certainly look into the specific scheme that the hon.
Gentleman suggests and I am happy to write to him with more information on that.
On  28 September , the historic Boulby line in my constituency will be reopened for passengers to celebrate 200 years of passenger rail.
Yet I believe the line ought to be open permanently so people can access jobs and opportunities.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to talk about that prospect and other transport proposals that I have for East Cleveland?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
He is right that in some instances, reopening branch lines on the rail network can be transformative for areas.
I visited the opening of the Northumberland line in the first week I was in this job.
Passenger numbers on that stretch of line have exceeded expectations and are unlocking opportunities for a whole range of communities in the north-east.
Of course we want to replicate that across the country.
That is why we have announced additional investment in the MetroWest scheme, down in the areas surrounding Bristol.
I am happy to talk to him about the situation in his constituency in Cleveland.
What steps she is taking to support the sustainable aviation fuel industry.
The Government are supporting the UK’s sustainable aviation fuel industry through the SAF mandate, the advanced fuels fund and new legislation introducing a revenue certainty mechanism.
We are working with industry to cut emissions, to boost UK production, to create high-quality green jobs and to attract investment while ensuring value for money.
I congratulate my parliamentary neighbour on his accession.
It is good to see his talents recognised.
Much of the technology currently used in sustainable aviation fuel is of foreign origin.
Part of the reason for that is that no Government body directly supports the development of core technologies used for that, supporting only the development of production facilities.
The Aerospace Technology Institute, for example, should be able to invest in research and development programmes to develop sustainable fuel, but is currently not permitted to do so.
Will the Minister look at allowing that, so we can accelerate the development of our own technology in this area?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that through the ATI programme, the Department for Business and Trade co-invests with industry in research and technology development in the UK to maintain and grow the UK’s competitive position in civil aerospace.
In addition, we fund the UK SAF Clearing House to help fuel producers navigate the testing and approval requirements for non-fossil fuel-based jet fuel.
It co-ordinates testing and qualifications of SAF, helping to remove  barriers to new fuels coming to market.
Plus, the advanced fuels fund has allocated £198 million, with a core aim of overcoming technological risk for early-stage projects to support UK SAF production.
If the right hon.
Member wishes to discuss any other aspects of this policy, I will be very glad to meet him.
On the subject of aviation, the beautiful Isle of Barra airport in my constituency has had to cancel 14% of its flights in the last year on the beautiful beach runway.
This is not, on the whole, due to bad weather or tides, but because the Brexiteering Tories withdrew us from the European satellite navigation system, which allows flights to land in low visibility and bad weather.
Will the new Minister celebrate his role by meeting me on the beach to discuss rejoining—perhaps not the European Union but at least the European geostationary navigation overlay service, EGNOS?
What an attractive proposition from my hon.
Friend—and so early in my tenure in this position.
He raises an incredibly important matter, and it would be remiss of me not to give it the full attention it deserves, and therefore I will respond to his specific questions further in writing.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Can I start by welcoming my hon.
Friend  the Member for Selby (Keir Mather)  to my ministerial team?
I am really pleased to have him on board, and I am sure he is equally pleased to be facing oral questions on day four.
He is joining a great team that has achieved a lot over the summer as part of the Government’s plan for change.
The new electric car grant is putting money back in the pockets of drivers; 35 electric vehicle models, including from Ford, Nissan and Vauxhall, will see their prices slashed thanks to £650 million of Government investment.
Since its launch, the grant has already helped over 7,000 drivers to choose an EV.
We have announced a further £100 million in transport funding for local transport outside major cities in England, with uplifts for the north-west, Yorkshire and the Humber, and the midlands.
Public ownership is already improving our railways, with South Western more than doubling the number of new trains in service, and there is much more to come in the next few months.
We will publish the first road safety strategy in over a decade, as well as an integrated transport strategy for England, delivering better journeys that put people first, grow our economy and improve our day-to-day lives.
If my constituents pay £2 for a bus ticket one day, then £3 for a bus ticket the next, their fare has increased by 50%, not gone down, has it not?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to be suffering a case of amnesia because his party allocated absolutely zero money to fund the bus fare cap beyond December of last year.
I know how important affordable bus travel is to the British people, and this Government are determined to deliver it.
The Queensway Gateway roadworks have unleashed chaos on my constituents in Hastings and the surrounding area.
The project was originally planned to last one month, but has dragged on for more than a year because of the failure of East Sussex county council to plan for the relocation of a major water main.
Does the Minister share my concerns about the mismanagement of this taxpayer-funded project, and agree that serious questions must now be answered by the Conservative council?
I know that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue time and again with East Sussex county council.
The delay to the Queensway Gateway project has wreaked havoc for her constituents.
Given that the project was funded with Government money, serious questions must now be asked of East Sussex county council about these issues and the delays that have come about.