When we next have transport questions, the Budget will be just days away, so can the Transport Secretary rule out any of the following—increased duty on fuel or flights, VAT on private hire, increasing the insurance premium tax or raising rail fares above inflation?
If she will not, has she at least spoken against any of these measures in Cabinet or to the Chancellor since she took up her role?
I know the importance of affordable public transport to people in Britain.
I know the importance of the fuel duty freeze that we brought in last year.
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that I will have conversations across Government to protect businesses and the travelling public.
The cost of car insurance has gone through the roof in recent years, with quoted prices rising on average 82% since 2021.
Car insurance is an essential, not a luxury, so I welcome the Government’s commitment to tackle the spiralling costs for drivers in Derby and across the UK.
Will the Secretary of State provide an update on what progress her taskforce is making to get a fair deal for drivers when it comes to car insurance?
This Government committed in our manifesto to tackle the high cost of motor insurance, and I am pleased to see recent data suggesting that average premiums are falling.
The Government’s taskforce, chaired by the Department for Transport and His Majesty’s Treasury, continues to work to identify short and long- term policy actions that may contribute to stabilising or reducing premiums.
Rail commuters in St Neots face a rise of nearly £400 for an annual season ticket to London next year, paying over £7,000 for the first time for services plagued by delays and cancellations.
How does the Secretary of State justify that policy to my constituents?
I know that affordability is a top concern for people when it comes to rail.
No decisions have been made on next year’s rail fares, but our aim is that prices will balance affordability for travellers with what is fair for taxpayers.
Penrith and the surrounding villages have endured a summer of gridlock, with junction 40 on the M6 repeatedly grinding to a halt, particularly when peak holiday traffic is heading to Cumbria and the lakes.
While we await the vital A66 trans-Pennine upgrade, for which we are all grateful, will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss urgent short-term interventions that National Highways can implement to ease the pressure for my constituents?
I sympathise with those suffering in congestion at junction 40 of the M6, which I am told is due to various issues.
I know my hon.
Friend and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carlisle (Ms Minns)  have been working hard to resolve those issues for their constituents.
I am happy to arrange a meeting to discuss any future short-term interventions that could ease congestion with either me or my team or with National Highways.
With increasing e-scooter usage, a small number of people are increasingly conducting antisocial behaviour while riding around on these micromobility vehicles.
That is of great concern to my constituents, and I am particularly concerned that there is no minimum age requirement for the purchase of an e-scooter and no national registration scheme that could help track those using them for nefarious activities.
Have the Government got any plans to introduce a national registration scheme for e-scooters?
As I mentioned earlier, the Government are determined to bring, and have every intention of bringing, about legislation on e-scooters.
All that will be taken into account in the development of the policy.
The £1 billion regeneration scheme at Station Hill in Reading is bringing large numbers of jobs and new housing to Reading town centre, and that is due to the Elizabeth line.
Will the Minister update the House on the benefits of this wonderful railway line, both to Berkshire and across the country?
Like my hon.
Friend, I am a big fan of the Elizabeth line, and I commend him for his dogged support of the scheme on his constituents’ behalf.
It is a significant addition to the transport network in London and the south-east, and it has had tangible positive impacts on the supply chain around the country, as well as providing faster journeys into and across London from Reading.
I was proud to have personally helped deliver this new railway in my previous role in London, and to see that it has now supported around 55,000 full-time jobs, as well as creating over 1,000 apprenticeship opportunities.
Further to the earlier comments about driving test centres, the problem is serious in my constituency.
All  five of the closest centres have waiting times of 24 weeks —six months—and people are now looking to other parts of Scotland for tests.
I appreciate what the Minister said about employing extra people, but can I ask that specific interest and special attention is given to Scotland, where this is a particular problem in rural areas?
I will meet the hon.
Member.
Does the Minister agree that extending the Dunstable-Luton busway on to Leighton Buzzard and then Bletchley would be a real boon to more fully link the area into the Oxford-Cambridge growth area?
Responsibility for local transport is devolved to local authorities, which are responsible for the operation of their networks, including the extension of busways.
The Government are committed to the Ox-Cam growth corridor.
Lord Vallance has been tasked with exploring options on how best to deliver economic growth in that area.
A workshop taking place in Bath this morning brings together key stakeholders from the rail industry and local authorities.
It focuses on the development of rail services in Wiltshire, and will include the case for building a Devizes gateway station and increasing services in Melksham.
Following Network Rail’s Wiltshire rail strategic study, will the Secretary of State or Rail Minister meet me and key stakeholders to discuss taking those key projects forward?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I am aware of the Bath and Wiltshire metro scheme and the Devizes gateway project.
Although we do not have any plans to take forward those schemes, I encourage local authorities, Great Western Rail and Network rail to continue working together to develop those plans and explore funding opportunities.
My constituents who use the A259 coast road are being deprived the choice of safe and sustainable travel to Brighton, as Conservative-run West Sussex county council has dragged its feet for more than three decades on delivering a cycle path.
What can the Government do to help me and Shoreham-By-Cycle to push for that much-needed infrastructure, which West Sussex county council has long promised but failed to deliver?
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I wonder whether the Secretary of State might have a word with her friend the Mayor of London about the appalling mismanagement of the Gallows Corner junction, where a flyover is being constructed.
The gridlock, chaos and delays are affecting the whole Romford side of Essex, and east London.
It really is chaos.
Will she get it sorted out?
I am sure that the Mayor of London and Transport for London will want to do all they can to minimise disruption during any construction of the  type that the hon.
Gentleman describes.
I am sorry but I did not hear his question in full—did he say it was Gallows Corner? indicated assent.
If he wishes to write to me with the specific details of those local issues, I will come back to him.
My constituents have been very vocal about their opposition to the LNER timetable changes from December, including the removal of the 8.22 am commuter service from Durham to Newcastle on weekdays.
LNER assured me that it would replace it with a similar service, but reports this week suggest that the service will now take an extra 10 minutes, arriving at 8.44.
That is not an equivalent service.
Will the Minister meet me and LNER to ensure that commuters leaving Durham are provided with an equivalent service?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for her constituents.
I reviewed her correspondence with the Rail Minister over the summer and was aware that the 8.22 service had been reinstated, but I was not aware of the longer journey times.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss that further.
In response to a recent written parliamentary question, the Department confirmed that it is shelving improvements to Skelton junction outside York.
That will have an impact on the proposed improvements to rail services for commuters in Harrogate and Knaresborough.
How does that align with the Government’s vision for growth?
We are committed to improving rail connectivity and capacity in the north of England.
I would be happy to have a further conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about that scheme.