The Minister is a decent man, and the House knows that the business of the House was delayed while he hurriedly had to rewrite the statement that he was expected to make, but he is stretching the bounds of credibility too far.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister told the House that he had full confidence in a man who befriended the vilest of convicted paedophiles.
He should not have been appointed in the first place—that was a gross error of judgment and everybody in this House knows it—and the Prime Minister has to take responsibility.
Now that Lord Mandelson has gone, will there be a Cabinet Office inquiry into the manner in which Mandelson was negotiating with a convicted paedophile while he was a Minister?
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand why I will not comment from the Dispatch Box on his last remarks.
What I will say is that the Prime Minister has acted decisively in the light of the new information, and he has taken the decision to ask the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador.
Again, for the House’s information, the suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
The emails show the depth and extent of the relationship was materially different from that known at the time of Lord Mandelson’s appointment.
Again, in the light of that, and mindful of the victims of Epstein’s crimes, he has been withdrawn as ambassador with immediate effect.
The idea that our country should be represented in America or on the world stage by somebody who tried to get a paedophile out of prison early will fill us all with revulsion.
Can the Minister be clearer?
He has said that the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw the ambassador.
He said the Prime Minister made the decision, but he also said in his statement that Mandelson resigned.
Did he resign or was he sacked?
I have been very clear: the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador.
That is the process, and he  is no longer in his position.
I agree with the hon.
Member about our absolute revulsion across this House at Jeffrey Epstein’s crimes.
I concur with the comments about Charlie Kirk that the Minister made at the beginning.
It shows that anybody who is brave enough to put themselves up for public service and try to change the world for the better faces such dangers and risks.
May I ask the Minister, first, to reassure us that we will have total transparency about the process that was followed in this ambassadorial appointment?
Secondly, assuming we get over that hurdle, can he please explain to the House why the appointment of a man who described President Trump as a “danger to the world”, whom the Americans described as an “absolute moron”, who has close links with China and who has a history of misfeasance in public office was the right appointment for the relationship with the most important and powerful country in the world, and one that is essential to this country?
On the hon.
Member’s first comments, he and I fundamentally disagree on many issues, but we know that we conduct our robust debate in this House, in our media and in our political society, and we do not engage in any form of political violence.
What has happened in the United States over the past 24 hours is simply appalling, and our thoughts are with all of Charlie Kirk’s family and friends.
As somebody who worked very closely with our late colleagues Jo Cox and David Amess, it has shocked me to the core.
I think it has shocked all of us to the core, and it can never be acceptable.
The hon.
Member asked about the processes, and I have been very clear.
All candidates for ambassador positions are subject to extensive vetting and background checks as a matter of course, and I refer him to the formal process outlined in the diplomatic service code.
I assure him that we will keep the House updated on these matters.
While the whole House welcomes the withdrawal of Lord Mandelson as head of mission, can the Minister confirm whether he is still being paid as a civil servant?
My understanding is that Lord Mandelson is still an employee, and proper employment processes will take place, but I will write to the hon.
Member to confirm my answer to that question.
Lord Mandelson has recently been asked to withdraw as ambassador, and I will come back to the hon.
Member with a detailed answer, but I do not want in any way to inadvertently mislead the House on an important matter.
It seems that there is a broad consensus across the whole House that this felt as though it was a question of when, not if.
So during the extended vetting procedure, was there ever any interference or pressure from either No. 10 or the Prime Minister?
As the hon.
Member will know, I simply am not going to go into the vetting procedures, which are conducted independently.
He can certainly  look at the detail of how vetting processes are under- taken in the diplomatic service code, which outlines the processes.
The diplomatic service code states that diplomats’ “behaviour, action or inaction must not significantly disrupt or damage the performance or reputation of the Diplomatic Service.”
It also states that diplomats “must…set out the facts and relevant issues truthfully, and correct any errors as soon as possible”.
In the light of that, did Lord Mandelson set out how many payments he had received from the sanctioned Russian oligarch Oleg Deripaska to accounts in this country, Switzerland or other areas, and has there been one set of rules for civil servants and another set of rules for friends of the Prime Minister and Jeffrey Epstein?