Let me be really clear: the decision to block aid going into Gaza is completely wrong and should not be supported in this House.
On the contrary, more desperately needed aid should be going into Gaza at speed and at volume, and we are making those representations.
I congratulate the Prime Minister on his strong leadership in his response to the fast-moving events of the weekend.
Will he recommit to increasing international aid spending to 0.7% when the fiscal circumstances allow?
Yes, I want to restore aid and development funding as soon as fiscal events allow.
It is a principle I believe in, and I am proud of what we have done.
In the meantime, I want to explore which other levers we can use to increase aid and development without necessarily increasing the spend within the Government budget.
There are many issues on which the Prime Minister and I will passionately disagree, but when it comes to the security of Ukraine and support for President Zelensky, we are of course united.
I too commend the Prime Minister for his announcement yesterday, and on his partnership during the summit with our European and, indeed, our Canadian allies.
Unfortunately, it has been reported this afternoon that President Trump is set to meet American aides to discuss withdrawing military aid to Ukraine.
Are those reports something that the Prime Minister recognises, and, if so, what impact will that have on the timetable to which he and President Macron are currently working?
I have not seen reports of the United States withdrawing support for Ukraine, and, as I understand it, that is not its position.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support on this issue, although I was somewhat concerned that the Scottish National party is continuing its suggestion that now is the time to abandon the nuclear deterrent.
If ever there was a time to reaffirm support for a nuclear deterrent, it is now.
We must not reduce our security and defence.
The SNP’s decision is completely wrong-headed, and it should reconsider.