The Minister mentions local government reorganisation.
On  5 February , the Deputy Prime Minister stated: “We are postponing elections for one year, from May 2025 to May 2026”—[Official Report,  5 February 2025 ; Vol. 761, c. 767.]
but on  17 February , the Minister, in a written parliamentary question, said that “new unitary…government will be established or go-live in 2027” or 2028.
Will the Minister confirm that these elections are not being postponed, and that they are, in fact, being cancelled for up to three years, meaning that councillors will serve terms of up to seven years?
Will he also confirm that the Deputy Prime Minister may have unintentionally misled the House, and will he correct the record?
I can start by confirming that the Deputy Prime Minister did not mislead the House.
The Opposition would do well not to muddy the waters.
They know better than anybody what local government reorganisation means.
Over the past few years, when they were in government, they postponed 17 sets of elections to allow reorganisation to take place.
Although elections are being postponed in nine councils, 24 sets of elections will still take place this year.
Let us not allow this to be whipped up into something that it is not.
We absolutely want to move at pace on reorganisation.
We want to see proposals developed and presented early—the sooner the better—so that we can move to those shadow authorities, and so that local people can elect the new bodies that will deliver public services in their area and be accountable to them.
To be clear, nobody will benefit—not the leaders of Conservative councils who have asked for postponement, nor members of the public—if we make the matter more confused than it needs to be.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that local authority planning processes include fire safety assessments.
Building regulations set fire safety standards for new developments, and building regulations and planning are, of course, a devolved matter.
In England, developers submitting planning applications for high-rise residential developments are required to submit, along with their planning application, a fire statement, setting out fire safety considerations, and the local planning authority must also consult the Health and Safety Executive.
An architect constituent of mine alerted me to his concerns about Camden council’s approach to fire safety in an application to construct a 400-guest underground hotel.
At the planning stage, the London Fire Brigade expressed serious concerns that the proposed safety features would be difficult to maintain and dangerous were they to fail.
A freedom of information request revealed that the London Fire Brigade’s fire safety compliance team felt that their concerns were ignored by Camden council at planning.
Will the Minister commit to reviewing regulations to see whether they are sufficient to ensure that local authorities in England properly attend to serious concerns raised by local fire brigades?
I am not sure that I can comment on the application the hon.
Gentleman is talking about, as it will, of course, have been subject to the planning process as established in law.
However, I can say that one of the changes that the Deputy Prime Minister made early on in our time in government was to ensure that approved document B can be updated quickly and in real time, so that if issues are highlighted, the regulations can keep up and buildings can be kept safe.
Last week, Labour councillors in York delivered the first local plan—are you ready for this, Mr Speaker?—since 1954, for which they should be commended, but local authorities need planning officers if they are to ensure that applications  can be processed quickly.
Will the Minister update the House on plans to increase the number of planning officers?
I fondly remember—at least, I think I do —our consideration of the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023.
[Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith)  remembers it, too.
At every sitting of the Public Bill Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell)  said that York had never produced a plan, so I was overjoyed when I heard from the leader of York council this morning that it had had that success.
Of course, making these things real involves really good planners, which is why we are pleased to have made a further £46 million available for planning capacity.