We note that the Government have chosen not to take forward the Grenfell report recommendation relating to certification bodies on materials safety.
Given the previous Minister’s failure to reply to my questions on the new use of European standards in respect of fire performance, will the new Minister assure the House that we can be absolutely confident that the fire safety performance regulations in place are clear, robust and effective?
They will be all those things; I believe that is a shared goal.
For clarity, we are taking forward the recommendations.
As we stated last week, we do not think that the testing houses ought to be under the purview of a single construction regulator, as that would mean that the regulator would essentially mark its own homework if there was a problem.
I know Opposition Members have a problem with this, and I am more than happy to speak about it in greater detail.
We are looking very closely at European standards, as the hon.
Gentleman will have seen in the “Construction Products Reform” Green Paper.
Alignment with those European standards is probably a desirable goal, but that is subject to the ongoing consultation.
We are very clear that the current regime does not cover enough construction products.
There is not enough transparency or accountability when things go wrong.
Our desire, as has been expressed from the Dispatch Box, is for a very high standards regime, and I look forward to working with Opposition Members in service of that shared goal.
What steps she is taking to support councils with town centre regeneration projects.
We all want to see our town centres thrive, and it is one of those things that constituents raise with all of us.
That is why we are delighted that at the Budget, the Chancellor confirmed that the long-term plan will be retained and reformed.
The plan is working with 75 towns across the UK, providing each with £20 million to support their  regeneration.
Of course, this comes on top of the innovation of high-street rental auctions, and the forthcoming community right to buy.