I am aware of several schemes in my hon.
Friend’s constituency that are having viability issues.
Financial support is indeed available.
While the £500 million of new in-year funding for the affordable homes programme announced at the Budget is already oversubscribed as a result of significant demand from housing providers across the country, the further allocation of £300 million, which we announced last month, will help ensure that more social and affordable homes are delivered.
In the case that my hon.
Friend describes, I would encourage both his local authority and local social housing providers to bid for that money.
I recently visited Aylesham village with Persimmon Homes in my constituency, and I was delighted to see the number of solar panels on roofs across the estate.
What are this Government doing to ensure that, for new builds, including social housing new builds, we deliver solar panels on every roof, high levels of insulation, and charging points on driveways?
The previous Government, to their credit, introduced changes to the building regulations that came into force in June 2022, and under those standards, new homes are being built with high-quality insulation and electric vehicle charging points.
Those standards also encourage the use of solar panels, or other forms of low-carbon technology, such as heat pumps.
This Government intend to amend building regulations later this year, as part of the introduction of future standards that will set more ambitious energy efficiency and carbon emission requirements for new homes.
The most recent data shows that nearly 11,500 people are stuck in temporary accommodation in Wales, unable to move on from homelessness due to a shortage of social housing and unaffordable private rents.
Given the escalating need for affordable housing across the UK, what conversations has the Department had with the Welsh Government to urgently address this crisis and collaborate on quickly increasing the availability of social homes?
I understand well the pressures in Wales that my hon.
Friend describes so eloquently.
We know that increasing the supply of social homes is a cornerstone of the Welsh Government’s plans to prevent housing problems and homelessness.
We speak regularly with our colleagues in the Welsh Government, and we will continue to work closely with them on our shared objective of getting more social homes built by councils and housing associations.
Building more social housing and affordable housing was a principal promise made by Leicestershire county council in the proposals for the Lutterworth East development.
That development is subject to a call-in, so I do not want to go into any details, but I want to ask the Minister this very basic question.
If a senior civil servant in the Department gives a commitment to an MP, to encourage that MP to drop an amendment to legislation, can the MP rely on the assurances given by that senior civil servant?
I note the question the hon.
Member asks.
We are grateful to all the civil servants who serve the Government for acting with integrity.
The civil service code is clear that civil servants must act truthfully and cannot deceive or knowingly mislead Ministers or Parliament.
If the hon.
Gentleman has serious issues that he wishes to raise regarding civil servants, he can do so with the Department’s permanent secretary.
Chichester’s planning policy dictates that 30% of all homes in new developments should be social and affordable housing.
However, we have recently noticed a worrying trend of registered providers refusing to take on contracts in smaller and medium-sized developments, and favouring larger developments.
That is putting a lot of the social housing in Chichester at risk.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that registered providers continue to take on smaller contracts in mixed-use developments?
We know that registered providers are facing real challenges when it comes to their capacity, or headroom, to take on additional section 106 units.
The hon.
Lady may be aware that we set up, through Homes England, a clearing service to try to better match developers with units that are not being picked up.
We are giving lots more thought to what can be done in this area, and I am more than happy to speak to her about the options available to the Government.
The building of more council houses throughout the UK is welcome news, especially in Ashfield, where we have 7,000 people on the waiting list.
Does the Minister agree that when we are dishing these houses out, British-born, hard-working taxpayers should be prioritised?
I would say to the hon.
Gentleman that they already are.
There are very strict requirements in place when it comes to the allocation of social housing.
As I am sure he knows well, local criteria can be imposed—I am not sure that his council has them in place—in terms of the amount of time someone needs to be resident in an area before they qualify for social rented housing.