Let me explain, as simply as I can, what we want to do.
As the White Paper makes clear, we will ban the sale of new leasehold flats so that commonhold becomes the default tenure, and we will ensure that the process of conversion is as simple as possible so that those leaseholders in existing leasehold blocks who want to make that change can do so as simply as possible.
But we have to ensure that those who do not want to make that change have the powers, rights and protections in relation to their homes that will give them the immediate relief that my hon.
Friend talks about.
What steps are the Government taking to help those leaseholders with doubling ground rents who now feel trapped and unable to remortgage or sell their properties without meeting the massive costs of changing their leases, which, as I know from personal experience, can amount to five-figure sums?
I well recognise the problem.
As the hon.
Gentleman will probably know, historically ground rents were nominal sums—often peppercorn sums—but over the past 20 years we have seen a very different system develop.
We have made a commitment, which we will honour, to take action on unregulated and unaffordable ground rents through legislation, and we will provide further details in due course.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on levels of non-domestic rates for pubs.
Given the importance of business rates to both local government finance and local communities, and particularly to our high streets, our two Departments engage regularly on these matters.
Pubs are eligible for the retail, hospitality and leisure relief scheme, and in the 2025-26 financial year pubs will benefit from a 40% relief on their bills, up to a cash cap of £110,000.
For 2026-27, the Government intend to introduce a permanently lower rate for qualifying retail, hospitality and leisure businesses, including pubs.
Those rates will be set by the Chancellor in the 2025 autumn statement.
The highest pub in the Yorkshire wolds, the Wolds Inn at Huggate, is a great success story—Mr Speaker, I would be delighted to buy you a pint there the next time you find yourself on the right side of the Pennines—but, like many pubs in my constituency, it faces a crippling rise in non-domestic rates at a time when margins are very tight.
Local pubs are not just businesses but much-loved community assets, so will the Minister reverse this tax grab and start supporting the great British local?
If I return as a missionary, I will bear that in mind.
Well, if it is intended to be a tax grab on pubs, we are not doing a very good job of it, because when the permanent scheme comes in, 99% of pubs that  are under the £500,000 threshold will benefit from it.
We absolutely recognise the importance of our community pubs in propping up the community and giving them places to meet, and to the economy and the good jobs that they provide.
The Armfield Club in my constituency is a fantastic local boozer that is run by, and was created by, Blackpool FC supporters.
Venues such as the Armfield are the beating heart of our town, providing jobs and bringing local communities together.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure a bright and sustainable future for clubs such as the Armfield?