The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she plans to take to ensure that new housing developments have adequate access to primary health services.
What steps she plans to take to ensure that new housing developments have adequate access to primary health services.
Through the revised national planning policy framework, this Government have strengthened the existing system of developer contributions to ensure that new developments provide the necessary infrastructure that communities expect and deserve, including health services.
We will robustly hold developers to account for delivering on their obligations, and we will support local planning authorities to do so.
Westvale Park in my constituency is a new housing development of 1,500 homes.
Its residents have been waiting seven years for a GP surgery, and the existing GPs cannot expand their capacity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can ensure that Westvale Park gets the GP surgery it has been promised, as well as the other associated infrastructure and primary healthcare services for new developments across my constituency?
I sympathise with the hon.
Gentleman, which is why this Government have said that infrastructure must come as part of our 1.5 million homes.
The Housing Minister will be happy to meet him.
Cornish house prices far exceed local wages, and in areas such as Rock and St Minver, 40% of houses are second homes.
Meanwhile, more than 3,000 homes are set to be built in towns such as Bodmin by 2030, but the only GP surgery building is currently running at 150% capacity, despite a new building having been promised for years.
Will the Secretary of State please ensure that national planning guidance mandates that primary care and education infrastructure is put in place before developments are started, preventing developers from later breaking their promises?
Again, I sympathise with the hon.
Gentleman.
As I have said, this Government are absolutely committed to ensuring that we get that infrastructure and that development is a truly plan-led system.
The policy framework is meant to do that, and we intend to consult on future policy changes—including a set of national policies for decision making—this spring.
Last week, the Government produced new guidance about building on green-belt sites, particularly the golden rules about having sufficient infrastructure in place for health, education and transport.
At the request of the Planning Inspectorate, Sheffield now has to provide sites in the green belt to hit its housing targets.
Will the Secretary of State make arrangements for the Housing Minister to meet the leader  of the council and local MPs to discuss how those arrangements can be delivered, and liaise with her colleagues in other Departments to ensure that: the resources are available to enable that to happen?
I can do better than that: the Housing Minister is going on Thursday.
When new housing was built in Mickleover under the last Government, residents were promised time and again that they would get a new GP surgery, but it never happened.
What can this Government do to ensure that when new homes are built, residents have the GP access they need?
Again, I totally sympathise—I think this is why people have resisted some of these planning applications a lot of the time.
That is why our Government are absolutely committed to ensuring, through the revised national planning policy framework, that infrastructure, including GP surgeries, is available when new housing is built.