Homelessness stats published last week show that rough sleeping has increased for the third year in a row and is now 91% higher than in 2021, yet the Vagrancy Act 1824 has not been repealed and rough sleeping is still a criminal offence.
In July 2024, the Minister was asked for a progress report and advised that consideration of relevant legislation was needed, but it is now more than three years since Parliament voted to repeal the Act.
Will she now give us a date when that will come into force?
We are taking urgent action to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping and have announced £60 million to tackle winter pressures.
We will update the House on progress in repealing the Vagrancy Act in due course.
In Scotland, 10,000 children are currently homeless and record levels of children are in temporary accommodation.
The number of social houses built by housing associations in Scotland is at its lowest level since Margaret Thatcher.
Does the Minister agree that the SNP has taken Scotland in the wrong direction and that instead we need to see the bold action taken by this UK Labour Government to build more homes replicated in Scotland, with a Scottish Labour Government in 2026?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Last year, as the housing emergency took hold, the SNP Government cut £200 million from the affordable housing budget.
It was only as a result of Labour’s record budget settlement that they were forced to reverse those cuts, but they are still not showing the adequate ambition that we need.
The SNP Government must set out a real plan to reform planning and boost house building to meet their affordable housing targets.
In response to the minimum energy efficiency standards consultation for privately rented homes, landlord groups are saying that they would pass the cost of energy efficiency works on to tenants, despite that being the cost of bringing their properties up to basic minimum standards.
Relying on council guidance that that should not happen is too weak.
What additional measures will the Minister take to enforce that and ensure that it is private tenants—who are already at the greatest risk of fuel poverty—who will benefit, and not landlords?
I refer the hon.
Member to my earlier answer to that precise question.
The Renters’ Rights Bill will protect tenants from having costs passed on to them.
Many of my constituents face extortionate hikes in service charges while getting little in return, with repairs not being carried out, poor service and a lack of transparency and accountability from their managing agent, FirstPort.
Can the Minister outline what the Government are doing to bring an end to the scandalous fleecehold system that is ripping off leaseholders across the country?
To add to the responses I gave earlier, we intend to take action to provide leaseholders with the transparency of standardised service charge invoices, so that they can better challenge unreasonable rent hikes.
We also need to strengthen the regulation of managing agents, including those such as FirstPort that, as is clear from the feeling in the House, are not performing the necessary services for their residents.
Welcome though the hundreds of millions of pounds extra for adult social care in the Budget were, can the Secretary of State confirm that the cost of rises in national insurance contributions and the minimum wage will run into the billions, and that local authorities will in fact be worse off than they were prior to the Budget in tackling social care?
Can she confirm that—yes or no?
That is exactly the reason that there was £3.7 billion of new money for adult social care in the Budget.
Eden Portland is an exciting proposal for my community and, much like the Eden Project in Cornwall and Morecambe, it would be a hub for education and ecology.
If delivered, it would boost investment and create well-paid jobs.
I know that Ministers agree that this could be a real success story, so will they meet me and the team at Eden Portland, alongside colleagues from the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the council, to discuss how we can deliver this exciting project?