We know that through the section 106 agreement progress, the planning system is very good at levying funds for new NHS facilities, but NHS Property Services has not always been effective at building those facilities out on time.
What assurance can the Secretary of State give the House that across Government there will be an appropriate focus on ensuring that NHS Property Services delivers the facilities that planning has secured?
The shadow Minister is absolutely right—it was his Government who did not do enough in this area.
We have said that we will strengthen section 106 planning obligations, and we have also set up a unit within my Department to ensure that we hold developers to account and work across Government to ensure that infrastructure is built.
Whether the number of houses recommended by the new towns taskforce will be in addition to the housing targets set in the national policy planning framework.
Not least because we will only begin construction of the next generation of new towns towards the end of this Parliament, the Government have been clear that they will deliver over and above the targets produced by the standard method.
We will, of course, keep under review how the taskforce’s forthcoming recommendations on new towns interact with housing targets across England.
Communities in Mid Bedfordshire have always done their bit to take new housing, but continued pressure to build is chipping away at our beautiful countryside and the historical character of our towns and villages.
Will the Minister assure communities such as mine that the new towns taskforce cannot hit us with a double whammy of house building?
The independent expert taskforce, chaired by Sir Michael Lyons, will be submitting its final report to us in the summer and, as such, we have absolutely no idea which locations it will recommend to Ministers for decision.
We have been clear, as I have said, that our ambition is that new towns will contribute over and above the targets produced by the standard method, but obviously we want to make sure that the right incentives are in place to support proactive local authorities, such as his, coming forward with these large-scale new communities.
We know that future generations of older people are unlikely to have had generous pensions or even to have been homeowners during their working lives.
Will the Minister therefore confirm whether housing targets will include specific reference to older people’s housing and the growing need for age-appropriate accommodation?
I would say two things to my hon.
Friend.
First, the older people’s housing taskforce recently reported, and we are weighing up its recommendations.
We have also made clear through the national planning policy framework that we expect local authorities to take into account the types of tenure and homes that they need for their local areas, and local plans are the primary way that different types of housing for different demographic demographics should be brought forward.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Transport on the Penistone line project.
Our Department is in regular dialogue with the Department for Transport and with regional mayors on how best to support local transport infrastructure investment, including the Penistone line project.
With our decision to finally grasp the nettle and support a mass transit system, this Government are now providing unprecedented levels of investment for the region.
The Penistone line connects Kirklees, Barnsley and Sheffield.
Single-track sections constrain capacity and present reliability issues.
On the day that the previous Conservative Government announced that Network North money would be spent on potholes in London, three out of six services running over a four-hour period were cancelled on the Penistone line.
Does the Minister agree that the proposed improvements will boost connectivity, economic growth, education and healthcare?
Will the Minister meet me and my colleagues to discuss advancing this project?