The planning proposals for Laindon Road and Mountnessing Road in Billericay and for Noak Bridge were previously rejected because of the green belt aspect but are now being reconsidered under grey belt.
Will the Minister urgently meet me, the Billericay Action Group and some of the local councillors to look at the issues around where grey belt is perhaps not being used in the way the Government originally intended?
Local authorities can be clear about how grey belt should be used because we released planning policy guidance last week to give them a better sense of where it is appropriate to be released and be brought forward for development.
Far too many renters get a terrible deal, living in cold, mouldy substandard homes and being charged eye-watering rents by landlords.
I am proud of this Government’s Renters’ Rights Bill, but while legislation is welcome, too many are still paying extortionate prices for really shoddy properties.
Can the Secretary of State assure me that the Government are taking more steps to make renting affordable again?
I assure my hon.
Friend of that fact, and we are also succeeding where the previous Government failed, in that we are finally abolishing section 21 no-fault evictions.
The Renters’ Rights Bill will empower tenants to challenge unreasonable within-tenancy rent increases.
We also need to boost supply, which is why we set the hugely ambitious milestone, as part of our plan for change, of building 1.5 million safe and decent homes in this Parliament.
In the Lake district and the dales of Cumbria, average house prices are around 20 times average household incomes.
Will the Minister try to tackle this issue by  making sure that there is a specific and unappealable designation of social housing-only developments that national park authorities and local councils can enforce?
We want to see far greater use of rural exception sites in particular, and I am more than happy to sit down with the hon.
Gentleman—I think we have already planned to do so—to discuss short-term lets as well as this issue.
I have recently received a number of complaints from my constituents about leasehold managing agents.
These include unacceptably long delays for repairs— Order.
It is totally unfair when a Member is speaking to block the vision of the Chair.
These include unacceptably long delays for repairs and exorbitant costs at Greenmount Court in Smithills, despite spiralling fees, poor transparency and little to no communication from the agent.
What steps is the Minister taking to deliver a fairer deal for existing leaseholders and to hold poorly performing managing agents to account?
We need to balance speed with care, because we will not make the mistake that the previous Government did and pass flawed legislation that requires us to fix it, therefore delaying reform for leaseholders.
We will, as soon as possible, introduce the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, which will allow us, as I said, to bring in transparency around service charges to allow leaseholders to better challenge unreasonable increases, and we intend to strengthen the regulation of managing agents.
On  8 February , the Court—a grade II listed landmark in Chorleywood in my constituency—burned down in mysterious circumstances.
I met the three local councillors—Councillors Cooper, Hearn and Reed—on Friday to discuss the matter.
I am not asking the Secretary of State to comment on this specific case, but will she confirm that where listed buildings are destroyed without permission, there should be a presumption that they are rebuilt brick by brick to how they were before the destruction?
I am sorry to hear about that particular case, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to get the details; absolutely, listed buildings are an important part of our landscape.
At nearly every single one of my advice surgeries, leaseholders in Stratford and Bow have told me appalling stories of disrepair, high service charges and no accountability from management agents, after years of broken promises of reform by the Conservative Government.
I am pleased about today’s announcement on leasehold reform for new builds, but will the Minister assure my constituents about what concrete action will be taken for existing leaseholders?
The publication of the “Commonhold White Paper” today marks the beginning of the end of the feudal leasehold system.
We will succeed where the previous Government failed and  bring that system to an end, but we are determined to provide immediate relief for leaseholders suffering from unreasonable and unfair charges at present.
I rise to gently follow up on a critical request for urgent help that I made in November.
In September 2023, Kirklees council temporarily closed Dewsbury sports centre for safety reasons due to reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
The centre remained closed until  5 November 2024  when the council unilaterally decided to permanently close the centre without investigation.
I raised the issue  with the Secretary of State for DCMS and have written to the Prime Minister and the Chancellor for assistance.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister facilitate an update for me on the issue?
The hon.
Member makes an important point around safety and RAAC in our public buildings.
We are absolutely committed to do all we can, despite the legacy given to us by the previous Government.
I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) .
Less than a week since I called on this House to show the courage of our predecessors, we see clearly before us the test of our times, a crossroads in our history.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will update the House on my efforts to secure a strong, just and lasting peace following Russia’s vile invasion of Ukraine.
It begins in this House, where on Tuesday I announced the biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war—a recognition of the fact that, once again, we live in an era where peace in Europe depends upon strength and deterrence, but also a rediscovery of the old post-war argument, long held on these Benches, that economic security is national security.
Because the demands we now have to make of Britain must come alongside a new foundation of security for working people.
The tough choices that we made last week are not done.
We must use the process of getting to 3% of our national income spent on defence to fundamentally rebuild British industry, and use our investment in military spending to create new jobs and apprenticeships in every part of the country.
That is why last night I announced a deal that perfectly symbolises the new era: a partnership with Ukraine that allows them to use £1.6 billion of UK Export Finance to buy 5,000 air defence missiles, manufactured in Belfast.
That means UK jobs, UK skills and UK finance pulling together for our national interest, putting Ukraine in the strongest possible position for peace, and protecting innocent civilians from the terror of Russian drones.
My efforts continued on Thursday, when I met President Trump in the White House to strengthen our relationship with America.
Now, what happened in his subsequent meeting with President Zelensky is something nobody in this House wants to see.
But I do want to be crystal clear: we must strengthen our relationship with America.
For our security, for our technology and for our trade and investment, they are and always will be indispensable.
And we will never choose between either side of the Atlantic—in fact, if anything, the past week has shown that that idea is totally unserious.
While some people may enjoy the simplicity of taking a side, this week has shown with total clarity that the US is vital in securing the peace we all want to see in Ukraine.