I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s invitation, which, of course, I will take up.
The experience that he talks about is not uncommon in the rest of the country; certainly, over the last 14 years, there has been very little progress.
I know that Merton council, for example, is investing some £300,000 in brightening and refreshing Morden town centre, but I know the council, like the hon.
Gentleman, wants to see more done.
I will be happy to sit down to talk to him about that.
I warmly welcome today’s announcement of £20 million in community regeneration partnership money for Rochdale.
This money will further revitalise our town centre and the area around our train station, as well as expanding our brilliant Hopwood Hall college.
Does this prove what can happen when we have a Labour Government working with a Labour council and a Labour MP to revive an area?
It absolutely does.
My hon.
Friend has been dogged, almost to the point of—well, I will not say to what point—on securing money for Rochdale.
I know this money will make a real difference.
Despite this being yet another thing that was not funded by the previous Government, we are delighted to have been able to secure this funding, which I know will have a great impact.
I look forward to visiting.
Whether her Department is taking steps to ensure housing targets account for protected landscapes.
The Government are committed to maintaining strong protections for our protected landscapes.
We are clear that the scale and extent of development within such designated areas should be limited, so that we are able to pass on their attractions and important biodiversity to future generations.
National planning policy is clear that significant development within a national landscape should be refused, other than in exceptional circumstances where it can be demonstrated that the development is in the public interest.
West Dorset desperately needs new housing that is actually affordable for local people, especially key workers and young families looking to  get on the housing ladder, but 70% of West Dorset falls within a protected national landscape, formerly an area of outstanding natural beauty.
Rigid housing targets could lead to inappropriate developments that undermine the character of this protected area.
What discussions has the Department had with local authorities in Dorset on adjusting housing targets to reflect the constraints of the national landscape and our rural infrastructure challenges?
Local authorities use the standard method to assess housing needs, but they can show evidence of any hard constraints in their areas, including protected landscapes.
Those will be assessed by the Planning Inspectorate to judge whether the plan is sound.
We are clear that local authorities should explore all options to deliver the homes that their communities need, including maximising the use of brownfield land, working with neighbouring authorities and, where appropriate, reviewing their green belt.
What steps she is taking to help people impacted by EWS1 fire safety certificates issued by Tri Fire.
If she will take steps to support residents impacted by market disruption due to incorrect building safety documentation.
The external wall system 1 form is a tool developed by mortgage lenders to inform valuation, and is not a fire safety certificate.
We are working very closely with the industry to encourage them to take a proportional approach to forms issued by Tri Fire.
Lenders who have signed the industry planning statement should accept alternative evidence as part of mortgage applications, but if an individual has concerns about the fire safety of their building, they should contact the person responsible for it.
I am grateful for that answer, but in an answer to a written parliamentary question last week the Minister suggested that if a leaseholder cannot use an EWS1 fire safety certificate to progress the sale and purchase of their home, they should use the fire risk assessment.
However, in many cases, including in my constituency, both the EWS1 form and the fire risk assessment are most likely invalid, if not fraudulent.
In those circumstances, what measures can be taken to prioritise fire risk assessments for those leaseholders?
What can be done to protect leaseholders from the additional costs of conducting another fire safety assessment after the one that they conducted in good faith?
If the building is in one of the Government-backed schemes, such as the cladding safety scheme, the fire risk assessment will have been quality assured by the Government, which will provide assurance.
If it is covered by the developer contract, it will have been audited by the Department, so that ought to give cover as well.
If neither of those things is the case, I am more  than happy to talk to the hon.
Lady about how to give residents surety so that they can evidence to lenders that their building is safe.
Hon.
Members across the House have raised concerns about the now-expelled fire safety engineer Adam Kiziak, following investigations into alleged signature fraud, including in my constituency of Surrey Heath.
From what I understand, a second fire engineer, Adair Lewis, has now disowned a further 20 Tri Fire EWS1 forms that he alleges falsely bear his signature.
Will the Secretary of State join me in requesting an urgent police investigation into these fraud allegations?
Does she agree that her Department must urgently reassess buildings that have been surveyed by Tri Fire to protect residents from further uncertainty and market disruption?
I stress that the EWS1 form is an industry form rather than a fire safety one.
If those buildings are in a Government scheme, any fire risk assessment will have been quality assured.
If they are in the developer contract, those schemes have been audited as well, which should give cover.
I would not want to speak about individual cases at the Dispatch Box.
We believe that the quality of those assessments must be sacrosanct and they must be done in good faith.
That is why, as part of our response to the Grenfell inquiry, we have made significant commitments on standards in this area.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In a written ministerial statement on  21 November , the Government committed to taking steps to bring the feudal leasehold system to an end and to reinvigorate commonhold to make it the default tenure for new flats.
Today marks the first step in the transition, with the publication of the “Commonhold White Paper”, which sets out the Government’s proposal for how a reformed commonhold model will operate, based on the recommendations of the Law Commission.
The last Government’s disastrous changes to permitted development rights saw over 100,000 office and retail units converted into unsafe and unsuitable homes.
In Southampton, they have left people living with office wires still hanging from the ceiling.
Some have no windows, and others’ homes are no bigger than a car parking space.
I welcome the Government’s excellent progress on renters’ and leaseholders’ rights, but will my right hon.
Friend go further and confirm when permitted development rights will be reviewed, tighter regulations imposed and, where necessary, unsafe conversions banned?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that issue.
We acknowledge that there has been criticism of some homes delivered through permitted development rights—particularly those that enabled commercial buildings such as offices and shops to change use to residential—and the Government are committed to keeping development rights under review.