Whether she has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Scotland on the Arbroath town plan.
My officials and I continue to work with our counterparts, including in the Scotland Office and colleagues in the devolved Governments, to develop and deliver the reformed long-term plan for towns.
I was delighted to visit Arbroath earlier this year.
I was blown away by the quality of its consultation and the boldness of its plans, and I commend the leadership of Peter Stirling and the rest of the town board.
May I put on record my thanks to the Minister for visiting Arbroath?
It was good of him to do that, and I join him in congratulating Peter Stirling and members of the Arbroath town board.
We have seen how hard-working they are and the way the community really got behind the project.
I put on record my thanks to everybody in the town who has taken part, and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Angus and Perthshire Glens (Dave Doogan)  for his work on it.
Will the Minister work with the Treasury to ensure that there is maximum flexibility for local communities in Arbroath and elsewhere in the UK, to ensure that we can bring these projects to full fruition?
That is a very important point.
We wanted to keep the promise made to the people of Arbroath, which is why I am very pleased that we have been able to do so through the long-term plan for towns.
Going forward, as I have said to other colleagues, we want to see a longer-term, more allocative settlement that is driven by local people.
As I stood in the church hall, with board after board after board of feedback from local residents about what they wanted to see, it only firmed my resolve that they should be in charge, rather than us.
I came away with Arbroath smokies—they are always worth a visit as well—but I was very impressed with what the town board was doing.
Whether she is taking steps to support landlords in upgrading housing stock to reach an EPC rating of C.
This Government are committed to tackling fuel poverty and delivering warmer, cheaper homes for tenants.
We are currently consulting on increasing minimum energy efficiency standards in the private rented sector and continuing to support landlords to meet the new standards through consultation.
I understand the answer that the Minister just gave, but when individual private landlords with just one or two properties are coming to my surgeries to say they will simply sell up and remove those properties from the private rented sector because they cannot afford to bring properties up to EPC C, when the National Trust is leaving properties in the village of Bradenham completely empty because it cannot afford to bring those rural homes up to EPC C, and when the charity Abbeyfield has closed its Princes Risborough property because it could not afford to bring it up to EPC C, displacing elderly and vulnerable residents, does the Minister agree that if the Government are to bring in new regulations, it is equally incumbent on them to help provide funding?