Every day, another family contact my office because they are homeless, and they are placed in a hostel, with no functioning kitchen and no private bathroom, miles away from their children’s schools.
I am sure that other hon.
Members can say the same.
What is worse is that the placements cost councils at least three times as much as permanent social homes.
So-called affordable homes are of no use to these families at all.
At the same time, new homes are being rejected by registered housing providers because the standards are not high enough.
What are the Government doing to progress the future homes standard, so that the homes being built are not rejected by registered home providers, who say that the homes are not good enough for them, and will have to be retrofitted?
I understand the point the hon.
Lady is making.
I refer her to my previous answer.
The Government intend to bring forward, through changes to building regulations, future standards that will increase the energy efficiency and carbon emission requirements on new build homes.
That will give housing associations, in particular, that have got ahead of the changes and standards the comfort that they need to start adopting those units.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that levels of funding to local government are sufficient to fund public services.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure areas with higher levels of deprivation receive adequate funding.
We of course recognise the challenges that local authorities face, as demand increases for critical services.
That is why the final settlement for 2025-26 made available over £69 billion for local government in England—a cash increase of 6.8% in core spending power on 2024-25.
The most relatively deprived areas of England will receive 23% more per dwelling than the least deprived.
Of course, spending decisions beyond this year are a matter for the upcoming spending review.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response.
He will be aware that since the Conservatives took control of Cornwall council four years ago, they have transformed that authority from being financially sound to staring down the barrel of bankruptcy.
Cornwall is a rural authority with urban levels of deprivation and a super-ageing population.
What assurance can the Minister give that, through the funding formula and plans for local authorities, the Government will have due regard to the escalating costs for these local authorities, not least as a result of the national insurance contributions hike?
The hon.
Gentleman and all Members of the House have our absolute commitment that when we revise the funding formula, we will ensure that it takes into account all the matters he mentions.
The multi-year settlement is intended to give stability.
We have to make sure that councils are on their feet at the end of that.
We recognise entirely that deprivation is a driver of cost, but so is the cost of rural service delivery.
The 48th most deprived locality in England and five of the 10 most deprived localities under Kent county council are in my constituency, yet the council struggles to understand the levels of deprivation and to adequately resource those localities.
Can the Minister assure my constituents that devolution and reorganisation of local government in Kent will ensure that their needs are not ignored like this in the future?
I will not comment on individual councils, other than to say that this is why local government reorganisation is so important.
In too many parts of England, the two-tier system is not working for local people.
The two-tier premium means that a two-tier system is a more expensive way of delivering public services, and most members of the public have no idea which council is responsible for delivering which service.
It is therefore right that we go through this reform.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that, in the end, things have to work for local people.
All the matters that he covered are on our mind.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.