The right hon.
Lady asks about the details of any deployment.
We will, of course, put details before the House when we get to that stage—if we get to that stage.
As I mentioned in our phone call this morning, I will ensure she gets whatever briefings she needs to be able to look at the detail before it is put before the House, so she is fully informed.
On the question of other allies, we had a long meeting yesterday with a number of allies.
My strong view is that we have to move forward and lead from the front, and therefore we need a coalition of the willing.
Otherwise, we will move at the speed of the most reluctant, which will be too slow.
A number of countries and allies indicated their support; they will set that out in due course.
I will not pretend that every country is in the same place on this issue.
That is why I and others took the view that we should take a leading position and move forward, but I will give further details as they become available.
On the question of the frozen assets, the proceeds—the profits—are being used in the way that the House understands, in accordance with the statement I have just made.
On using the assets themselves, it is a very complicated issue and not straightforward, but we need to do, and we are doing, more work to look at the possibilities, along with other countries, but I am not going to pretend that that is simple or straightforward.
On the sanctions, we introduced last week the heaviest sanctions that we have put in place, and the right hon.
Lady is quite right that they must not be lifted just because there is a cessation in the fighting.
They must be kept in place as a vital part of our armoury—something that did not happen with Minsk.
She is quite right to say that we have to avoid the mistakes of the past, which is why a security guarantee is so important—a guarantee that we should lead, but which needs US backing if it is to act as a proper guarantee.
Of course she is right to say that Ukraine must be at the table in any discussions about the future of Ukraine, and I think that is a common position across the House.