Mr. KELLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of James ``Ben'' Benton Gaston, 74, who passed away on November 22, 2023, in Indianola, MS.
Ben was born in Greenville, MS, on December 4, 1948, where he also grew up.
He graduated from Greenville High School in 1966 and attended Mississippi State University and Mississippi Delta Community College.
He ultimately graduated from Delta State University following his discharge from active duty military service.
He joined the U.S. Army in July 1969 and served as an Infantryman in the 4th Infantry Division in Vietnam and Cambodia.
Upon his discharge from active duty, Ben joined the Mississippi National Guard as a Non-Commissioned Officer in 1971 and later took a direct commission to 1st Lt. in 1981.
Ben also served as the Company Commander for B Company 2/198th Armor--Indianola, MS, Battalion Commander 1/198 Armor--Amory, MS, 155 Armored Brigade--Tupelo, MS, 66th Troop Command--Jackson, MS and Assistant Adjutant General--Mississippi Joint Force Headquarters--Jackson, MS.
Brigadier General Gaston retired in January 2008.
He was recalled one month later to function as the Assistant Adjutant General as a Major General, which ultimately culminated his 42-year military career.
MG Gaston received numerous awards and decorations, including the Soldier's Medal, Air Medal, Combat Infantryman Badge, and the Legion of Merit.
Following his discharge from active duty, he continued his civilian education at Delta State University, obtaining a Bachelors and Master's in Chemistry and an MBA in Business.
He also received a Master's in Strategic Studies from the U.S. Army War College.
He began his civilian career with the USDA in Stoneville, MS, and was eventually elected as the District 3 Supervisor for Sunflower County.
Ben is survived by his wife, Sherry Ikerd Gaston, his high school sweetheart, his sister, Ann Bradshaw (Jimmy) of Pearl, MS.
He was preceded in death by his parents, James and Bobbie Ruth Gaston of Greenville, MS.