Mr. GREEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lauren Noyes for her distinguished career and service in our Nation's Capital.
Lauren has dedicated her life to advancing good public policy and the betterment of those who serve on Capitol Hill.
A native of New Brunswick, New Jersey, Lauren grew up in Virginia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Iowa, and Florida.
After graduating Magna Cum Laude from Wake Forest with a B.A. in English, Lauren moved to Washington, D.C.
Like many congressional staffers, she started as a Staff Assistant in the Office.
John Shadegg (AZ-4), where she was quickly promoted to Legislative Assistant.
Then.
in 1997, she joined the Office.
Joe Pitts (PA-16), becoming his Legislative Director in 1998.
During her time with Rep. Pitts, Lauren helped establish the Values Action Team (VAT).
One of the most meaningful aspects of her time on Capitol Hill was participating in Faith and Law--an organization founded in 1983 that encourages and equips Christian policymakers to more fully understand the Biblical worldview and its implication for their calling to public service.
In 2001, Lauren left Capitol Hill and continued her distinguished career at The Heritage Foundation, where she served in multiple roles until 2008.
For the next nine years Lauren dedicated herself to raising her four children with her husband, Brad.
Lauren returned to Capitol Hill as Faith and Law's new Executive Director in 2017.
Through her six years at its helm, Lauren has made an indelible mark on the organization and countless staffers in both the House and the Senate--and both Democrat and Republican.
Lauren led Faith and Law into a new era, ushering the organization into a season who work on Capitol Hill from interns to senior staff members.
From Friday Forums, regularly attended by nearly a hundred staffers, to reading groups and mentorship programs, Faith and Law's reputation as a source of guidance and community for Hill staffers continues to grow--and that is due in large part to Lauren's leadership.
In 2021, Lauren launched the Capitol Hill Moms Group to encourage and equip working mothers.
Providing the opportunity for a community of congressional staffers and members from both sides of the aisle to meet regularly has been invaluable in these challenging times.
Lauren's leadership has taken the 40-year organization to new heights--and her selfless devotion to building this community and mentoring staffers has shaped a generation As Lauren leaves her role at Faith and Law to focus on her family--as mother to her children, Hudson, John, Sarah Grace, and Lucy, and wife to Brad--she leaves behind an incredible legacy that will continue to be felt in the Halls of Congress through the hundreds of lives she has impacted.
On behalf of the United States Congress--and our many colleagues who can attest to Lauren's impact firsthand--it is my honor to recognize Lauren for her distinguished career on and around Capitol Hill.