I know you are a keen historian, Mr Speaker, so I looked up the last time a Prime Minister missed two sessions in a row for other engagements.
It was March 1996.
I am very proud to be filling the boots of Lord John Prescott, but I think it is safe to say that the Deputy Prime Minister is no Heseltine.
John Prescott asked, why is it that in Tory Britain, tens of thousands of families are facing repossession, negative equity and homelessness?
Can the Deputy Prime Minister tell us, 27 years later, why I am having to ask the same question?
Clearly, the right hon.
Lady did not listen to my previous comments.
The Prime Minister is at NATO.
Of course, that would not be a problem if she had had her way.
Her old boss wanted to abandon Ukraine, abolish the Army and withdraw from NATO, and he certainly would not be going to any summit.
When it comes to house building, I will take no lectures from the Labour party on home ownership.
My parents would not have been able to buy their own home if it were not for Margaret Thatcher and the reforms introduced by her Government, and this Government are building on those with record house building.
I think the right hon.
Gentleman is taking lessons from the former Prime Minister on telling the facts.
The last Labour Government worked hard to dramatically reduce the number of children in temporary accommodation, but under the Tories the number of homeless children has risen by 75%.
I am proud of our record on tackling child poverty.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman feel ashamed of his?
I will tell the right hon.
Lady what this Government have done: we have lifted 400,000 children out of child poverty; we have introduced the national living wage, something the Labour party totally failed to do; and we have increased the national living wage by the largest amount ever, meaning £1,800 for working people and cutting their taxes by doubling the personal allowance.
That is the surest way to ensure we lift people out of poverty, and it would never have happened under the Labour party.
It is like the ghost of Prime Minister past.
I tell the right hon.
Gentleman that he should be careful about the stats he uses, because the Children’s Commissioner warned the other Prime Minister about peddling false narratives on child poverty around those figures.
The truth is that rising bills, soaring mortgages and plummeting real wages are pushing more and more families to the brink.
Those already struggling are being hit hardest by the Tory mortgage bombshell and rising food costs, so can the right hon.
Gentleman tell us how many primary school children have been pushed into poverty since his Government took power?
I say to the right hon.
Lady that it was this Conservative party, not the Labour party, that extended free school meals to all five, six and seven-year-olds—something the Labour party failed to do—and that sits alongside many measures we are taking to help people with the cost of living.
We paid half of families’ energy bills last winter, funded by our 75% windfall tax, and we are freezing fuel duty, helping families with childcare and delivering on our pledge to reduce the debt.
It may come as a surprise to her, but balancing the books means more than working out how many more millions to take from her union paymasters.
Once again, the right hon.
Gentleman talks about balancing the books.
His party crashed the economy and he seems to be completely oblivious to what it is like for working people in this country at the moment.
New research out today shows that 400,000 more  primary school-age children are growing up in poverty since his Government came to office.
Why does he think that is?
I will take absolutely no lectures whatsoever from the Labour party about how we help children in the most need.
It is record investment from this Government in education—£2 billion more this year, £2 billion next year—which is giving those very children the best possible start in life, ensuring that we have the highest reading standards in the western world.
I have to say to the right hon.
Lady, her leader says he hates tree huggers, but they seem very keen on hugging that magic money tree.
The right hon.
Gentleman does not even acknowledge that child poverty is rising, let alone explain why.
What hope has he got of solving it?
Let me try a simpler question: how many kids do not have a permanent address today compared with when Labour left office in 2010?
We can exchange all these numbers across the Dispatch Boxes, but these are the numbers that matter.
There are 1.7 million fewer people in absolute poverty under this Government, 400,000 fewer children, 200,000 fewer pensioners and 1 million fewer people of working age, because the single best route out of poverty is a job, and record numbers of people—4 million more under this Government—have got a job.
That is the difference between this Conservative party and the Labour party, which always leaves office with unemployment higher.
What matters is what people feel every single day at the moment—going to work yet they cannot afford their mortgage, their rent or their Bills, because of this Conservative Government.
There are 55,000 more children without a permanent address today compared with when the Tories took office 13 years ago.
We have gone from a Labour Cabinet focused on tackling child poverty to Tory Ministers who will not even admit the problem.
Just as in March 1996, they can offer only excuses, not answers.
John Prescott asked Michael Heseltine that day: “How can the right hon.
Gentleman be so complacent in the face of the sheer misery created by the Government’s policies?”—[Official Report,  5 March 1996 ; Vol. 273, c. 147.]
Twenty-seven years on, why are we asking the exact same thing?
I know there is an Opposition reshuffle coming up, but this audition for John Prescott’s old job is getting a little bit hackneyed.
It is this Government who have lifted 400,000 children out of poverty.
I hear the right hon.
Lady claiming that Labour is the party of working people, but under their policies people cannot even get to work.
They support Just Stop Oil protesters blocking our roads, they support their union paymasters stopping our trains, and of course they support the hated ultra-low emission zone stopping cars across our capital.
While Conservatives get Britain moving, Labour stands in everyone’s way.
Given that the Mansion House compact does not encourage our pension funds to invest specifically  in British companies, what more can the Government do to encourage greater investment in our companies, especially climate technology start-ups, which increasingly are going abroad to find the funding they require, to the benefit of our competitors?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about both start-up capital and ensuring that we get more money to high-growth companies.
The Chancellor’s pension compact is a very important step forward, which will unlock £75 billion of additional investment.
I am quite confident that large amounts of that will go to UK companies, and it sits alongside measures such as the Edinburgh reforms to financial services, which will help improve financial services in this country and unlock money for those industries.