The Prime Minister was asked— Whether he has made an assessment of the impact of a potential reduction in oil production by Saudi Arabia and Russia on domestic energy prices.
I have been asked to reply.
Global oil prices have remained largely stable this year.
This has not changed following the announcement of additional production cuts by Saudi Arabia and Russia.
We expect that the impact of the cuts will be  mitigated by the increase in supply from other producers and a decrease in global oil demand, as we have seen previously.
If we want to insulate ourselves from future price rises, we need to invest in a greener future.
The United States gets it: it has committed $370 billion to net zero energy.
The European Union gets it: it is set to match that figure.
In Scotland, we get it.
We have the ambition to lead the world on renewable energy.
We have the energy but not the power.
Why is Westminster trying to block Scotland’s path to a safer, greener future?
We of course will continue to invest in renewables, but I say to the Scottish National party that we should also invest in our energy independence, and that means investing in the North sea.
If we fail to invest in the North sea, we will be more reliant on foreign producers and we will have higher carbon emissions as we import from elsewhere.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 12 July.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is in Vilnius, attending the NATO summit.
It is an opportunity to build on the work we have done over the past year, strengthening NATO and supporting Ukraine.
In addition to my meetings in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
New Labour’s old mantra was “Education, education, education.”
Its new one seems to be “Tax education, tax education, tax education.”
Does the Deputy Prime Minister share my disgust at Labour’s plans to tax education of choice, which could lead to 40,000 pupils being sent into the state sector, with a cost to the taxpayer?
A number of English language schools in my constituency are concerned that this will also apply to them, as well as to out-of-hours tuition and sports training.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister object to those measures as strongly as I do?
Once again, we have seen the Labour party putting the politics of envy above the interests of children in this country.
As my hon.
Friend rightly highlights, recent analysis shows that it could lead to over 40,000 pupils leaving the schools they are in, placing further burdens on existing schools and costing £300 million.