On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
This is a related point of order.
I wrote to the Prime Minister on  17 January  to ask him to support my Elected Representatives (Codes of Conduct) Bill, which aims to restore confidence and trust in politics and politicians by, among other things, allowing the independent adviser on ministerial standards  to commission their own inquiries.
Unfortunately, I have still had no response from the Prime Minister.
I followed this up with a letter on  9 June , which included a series of questions about the process by which he decided not to ask his independent adviser to undertake an inquiry into the Home Secretary in relation to her allegedly pressurising officials to assist her with a speeding offence.
I appreciate that we are about a week from recess, so I wonder whether you can advise me, Mr Speaker, on how I can get a timely response from the Prime Minister?
First, let me thank the hon.
Member for giving me notice of her point of order.
As she will know, this is not a matter for the Chair, but there are clear expectations that correspondence from hon.
Members will be dealt with within a reasonable timeframe.
I stress that Members deserve early replies on behalf of their constituents.
It is the constituents who put MPs in this House.
I do not mind which part of the Chamber they come from, but I expect Ministers, who all seem to want the job, to take the job seriously and ensure that hon.
Members get the replies in due time.
I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench are making a key note of this to ensure that that reply will be here before the House rises.
I am sure, as I know the hon.
Member, that she will remind me before the House is up if that reply has not arrived.
None the less, I stress that it is time that this Government respect Members from all parts of this House.
It is becoming apparent that they are disrespectful and it is not acceptable.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I wish to correct the record.
During yesterday’s debate on the Illegal Migration Bill, I inadvertently said that the Minister had reminded us that we had taken 550 million refugees since 2015.
It was an obvious error.
I want to put it on the record that what I meant to say was that the Minister had reminded us that we had taken 550,000 refugees since 2015—a number of which we can still be proud.