Current legislation requires all public facilities to have sanitary bins in female and gender-neutral toilets.
However, as highlighted by the Boys Need Bins campaign, hygiene bins need to be provided in men’s toilets.
What steps is the Minister taking to introduce legislation that addresses that issue?
I reassure the hon.
Lady that work is going on in that space.
My ministerial colleagues from the Department for Work and Pensions are looking at this, and will be updating the House shortly.[Official Report,  17 July 2023 , Vol. 736, c. 9MC.]
What steps the Government is taking to help tackle (a) gender and (b) racial inequality in the workplace.
What steps the Government is taking to help tackle (a) gender and (b) racial inequality in the workplace.
The Government have taken numerous steps to tackle gender and racial inequality in the workplace, as seen   with the comprehensive actions outlined in our landmark “Inclusive Britain” strategy, as well as various initiatives to support women in the workplace.
As outlined in our “Inclusive Britain” report, we are working towards a new voluntary inclusion confident scheme to support employers on clear, manageable advice on effective diversity and inclusion interventions.
Like most things in this place, this Government’s policy on parental leave is in the dark ages.
Research by Pregnant Then Screwed shows that better-paid parental leave for all parents would bring better equality in the labour market, yet this Government seem dogged in their determination to stand still.
Why are the Government blocking greater gender equality in the workplace?
I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady.
This Government have done more than any other to promote gender equality in the workplace, including bringing in policies such as shared parental leave.
We have also brought in extended redundancy protection for those on maternity leave and introduced carer’s leave, and we are supporting legislation to strengthen the protections against harassment in the workplace.
A new report from the Fawcett Society shows the motherhood pay penalty and how mothers with two children take home 26% less income than women without children, impacting on a woman’s income and earning power throughout her working life.
It compounds the effects of the ethnicity pay gap.
Will the UK Government tackle that by making flexible working the default and introducing mandatory gender and ethnicity pay gap reporting?
We have just finished a private Member’s Bill that makes the right to ask for flexible working mandatory.
That strikes the right balance for business, rather than making it mandatory for people to demand flexible working.
Not every business can provide it, and it is not something that will improve equality in the workplace.
When I asked black and minority ethnic residents in Basingstoke about their experience at work, their responses were concerning.
I have been working especially with our big local employers, the local education authority and the NHS to tackle the issues.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that public services are exemplars when it comes to race equality in the workplace?
If my right hon.
Friend sees the work that we have put into our “Inclusive Britain” strategy, she will see that almost everything that is in action is about the public sector.
There is so much we can do to promote racial equality in the workplace, but we need to do that fairly and transparently, as well as universally.
The Equality Act 2010 protects characteristics, not groups.
If she would like to work with me on any specific initiative, I would be keen to hear more from her about what she has been working on.