Some 1,835 days have passed since the Government first promised to ban conversion practices.
That is longer than it takes to make a good Bill—it is longer than it took to build the Empire State Building and the Shard put together.
We were told in January that a Bill would be published “shortly”.
Seven months later, can the Minister tell LGBT people how many more days, weeks, months, or even years they must wait?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the answer I gave a moment ago.
The answer that the Minister gave a moment ago was that we would see something before the end of this Parliament.
I am afraid that is not good enough for those LGBT people who have been waiting for too long.
I will ask the Minister another question.
We heard from the Government during their consultation on this ban—even that was almost two years ago now—that they would let some of the worst practitioners off the hook by including a consent loophole.
Does the Minister seriously think that LGBT people can consent to abuse and, if not, will he end the charade and remove that loophole so that every LGBT person is protected?
I respectfully say to the hon.
Lady that she has not seen the Bill yet, so it is a bit early to make those comments.
This is exactly why we are making sure that a Joint Committee of both Houses looks at the Bill; it is a very complex piece of legislation.
We want to make sure that it outlaws those awful practices, but also ensures that people—clinicians, parents, teachers and so on—do not feel a chilling effect.
It is right that we get stakeholders and people from this House engaged in that process, so that when the Bill is presented to the House for debate, it is in the best possible position.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on increasing the uptake of pension credit among older people.
Since April last year, we have been running a substantial campaign to raise awareness and increase take-up.
There are strong indications that this campaign is working.
Applications for pension credit were around 75% higher in the year to May 2023 than in the same period the year before.
My retired constituents, from Dennistoun to Ruchazie, from Carntyne to Blackhill, and across the north and east of Glasgow, know that I am a champion for their rights.
That is why I set up the all-party parliamentary group on pension credit, and why I and my team have sat with hundreds of older constituents and helped them to apply for pension credit, which is after all their right.
I choose to do this as a constituency MP, but it is our role to champion the rights of older people, and the Minister is not telling me anything that is giving me any comfort that she is actually going to champion them.
When will she start doing that?