Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Secretary of State to appoint an independent reviewer to prepare a quarterly report containing an assessment of primary care services; to require the Secretary of State to lay before Parliament each report prepared by the independent reviewer; to require such reports to include the independent reviewer’s assessment of any measures taken to improve general practice services, dental services, community pharmacy services, optometry services, and mental health services; and for connected purposes.
Primary care services across the country are in crisis.
People cannot get a GP appointment when they need one, some pharmacies are closing, people are resorting to DIY dentistry, and waiting lists for mental health appointments are sky high.
The Government point to their recent long-term workforce plan as evidence that they are taking action, but that plan is only partially funded and will do nothing to increase staff levels now.
Perhaps if the Government had not spent a year whipping their MPs to vote against any attempts to put a workforce plan into law, they might have made some progress, but we are where we are and it is legitimate for the British public to expect a Government who can plan for the long term while taking more immediate measures.
To be blunt, it is clear to me that MPs on both sides of the House are losing patience and are worried about the lack of urgency and action from the Government in fixing the front door to our NHS.
The Bill seeks to force the Government to come clean about the challenges facing primary care health services specifically, such as GPs and dentists, by appointing an independent reviewer to report on the state and condition of primary care services every three months so that we can hold the Government’s feet to the fire on progress.
The Bill cannot come soon enough for patients.
Let me start by detailing some of the urgent problems in GP services using a story that I have received from Gareth in Wimbledon.
One morning recently, Gareth developed sudden loss of vision in the entire left field in both eyes, rendering him partially blind.
Gareth tried to get an appointment with his GP, but due to a lack of appointments that day and a non-existent online booking system, he was instructed to call at 8 am the following morning.
It was not until the next day that he managed to get an urgent referral for a brain MRI scan, which confirmed that Gareth had suffered a small stroke.
With all strokes, the first 72 hours are critical to reduce the chance of subsequent strokes.
His GP was undoubtedly dealing with hundreds of other urgent cases that day, but for Gareth, losing 24 hours due to a lack of capacity at his local GP could have been catastrophic.
That is the real-world impact of the Government’s failure to recruit and retain GPs, and their failure to invest in IT infrastructure.
Let us remember that back in 2019 the Government promised to deliver 6,000 more GPs.
Not only did they break that promise, but the number of fully qualified GPs has fallen by more than 900 since they made it.
Those falling numbers have hit some areas harder than others.
In places such as Somerset, the falling number of GPs is causing a shortage of appointments.
Indeed,  the number of GPs has fallen by 50 since 2016 in the area, and the number of patients per GP has increased by a massive 400.
Shockingly, that is far higher than in the vast majority of England.
In my county of Hertfordshire, there are now 2,203 patients per GP.
I have heard from Denise, who spent the best part of the day on hold before giving up and trying the online booking system, which again turned out to be non-existent.
While she was on hold for hours on the phone to her GP, by contrast it took just two minutes for Denise to book an online appointment at Specsavers.
Everybody knows that the technology exists; it just has not been funded for our GP services.
All that is why the Liberal Democrats have pledged to ensure that we will have 8,000 more GPs working in the system within five years, with a campaign not only to train and recruit but to retain experienced practitioners.
With that expanded workforce, everyone could see their GP within seven days for a first appointment.
However, it is not just the number of staff that is putting pressure on GP services.
The Royal College of General Practitioners’ recent infrastructure report showed that 40% of general practice staff say their premises are not fit for purpose.
Even when integrated care boards want to spend money on primary care infrastructure in city centres, for example, outdated Treasury rules do not allow them to—something that is happening in my St Albans constituency, and which I raised in this Chamber again just yesterday.
Putting retention measures in place, accelerating improvements in IT infrastructure, fixing outdated treasury rules on investment in primary care infrastructure are just three of the challenges in general practice on which an independent reviewer could report progress to this House every three months until they are fixed.
In dentistry, too, we see Government incompetence at work.
Last year, there was a £400 million underspend on the NHS dentistry budget, despite millions of people needing an appointment and thousands of dentists wanting to provide NHS care.
It is absurd.
Why are we in this position?
Because the contract that the Government offers NHS dentists is so badly designed that dentists will not take it on, as they lose money on NHS dental treatment.
The Liberal Democrats have been calling for reform of the NHS dental contract so that it encourages and incentivises dentists to take on NHS patients, meets patient need and demand rather than arbitrary targets and finally puts an end to dental deserts.
Just yesterday,  the hon.
Member for Winchester (Steve Brine)  forewarned the Government that the Health and Social Care Committee, which he chairs, would be publishing its findings on NHS dentistry, and said that they would make for “uncomfortable reading”.
Again, locally, in places such Somerset, the real-world impact is that there is now only one dentist delivering NHS dental service for every 1,773 people.
Somerset is among the 10 areas of England that have seen the biggest rise in patients per dentist since 2015, with each dentist now seeing more than 200 additional people.
However, what is truly an outrage is that tooth decay remains the most common reason for hospital admission among young children.
It is a question not just of getting children the care they need, but of good use of public funds.
The cost of treating a child for tooth decay in hospital far exceeds that of regular check-ups.
Supervised tooth brushing training for children and removing the value added tax on children’s toothbrushes and toothpaste, as the Liberal Democrats have called for, would make a huge difference and cost next to nothing in comparison with dental surgery.
Those are things the Government could be getting on with right now.
Of course, we know that community pharmacies are in crisis too, and we can see the impact that is having.
For example, Peter from Winchester used to go to the pharmacy in Sainsbury’s until this year, when it was closed.
The location was perfect, with plenty of space to park, and was easily accessible for disabled people.
Now it is closed, Peter must take a special hour-long round trip to the next pharmacy, along heavily congested roads to a car park on a hill with only one disabled parking bay.
As someone who is mobility impaired, his access to pharmacy services has been severely limited and his independence curtailed as a direct result of the pharmacy closures now taking place across the country.
This situation is completely unsustainable.
The Government cannot just do a Dorothy; they cannot just click their heels together, say “Deliver, deliver, deliver”, and expect that GP and dental services will magically improve.
They need to do things, they need to make decisions and they urgently need to improve primary care for patients right around the country.
This Bill would in effect be a forcing mechanism, which would enable MPs every three months to hold the Government’s feet to the fire on their actions—or their inaction—on fixing the front door to our NHS.
Given the crisis facing our primary care services, it cannot come soon enough.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Daisy Cooper, Wera Hobhouse, Tim Farron, Richard Foord and Munira Wilson present the Bill.
Daisy Cooper accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 352).
I beg to move, That this House recognises that the automotive industry is the jewel in the crown of British manufacturing and believes it can have a bright future creating good jobs for people across the UK; regrets that after 13 years of Conservative neglect the UK risks losing this world-class industry, putting thousands of jobs under threat; condemns the Government for its lack of an industrial strategy and the negative impact this has had on investment in the UK’s automotive sector; calls on the Government to urgently resolve the rules of origin changes which are due to take effect in 2024, working with partners across Europe to negotiate a deal that works for manufacturers; and further calls on the Government to adopt an active industrial strategy to build the battery factory capacity needed to secure the automotive sector for decades to come.
It is a real pleasure to open this debate on an issue that I know is close to the hearts of many colleagues and constituents.
Many Members present represent some of the most iconic names in UK automotive production.
For me, it is very much an issue of huge personal significance.
Sunderland, where I grew up, is of course renowned not just for its wonderful football team but for the tremendous success of the Nissan plant.
I am very proud to say that many friends from my childhood still work in that plant.
Of all the great businesses that I get to visit, that is one of my absolute favourites, and I know that colleagues will feel just as strongly about the parts of the automotive industry that they and their constituencies are associated with.
That industry is full of skilled and committed workers, innovation, export success and huge growth potential.
However, we have called this Opposition day debate because even the most ardent defender of the Government could not fail to be worried about the health of the sector as it stands.
The British car industry should and could be booming, as should the wider automotive sector, yet production has slumped by over a third under the Conservatives.
There are huge concerns about a series of major policy failures, including domestic battery production facilities, trade barriers post Brexit, and higher energy costs and other supply chain issues.
Although this is an Opposition day debate, I know that those concerns are shared widely across the House, and I hope that, by having this debate, we are able to express the clear political commitment of this House to that crucial sector.
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the world-class Toyota engine plant in my constituency that produces the highest-quality hybrid engines—one of the first plants outside Japan to do so.
Does he agree that hybrid is part of the solution, not, as the Government think, part of the problem?
I do not know whether I am supposed to declare an interest, but I drive a Toyota hybrid myself—I have a large family and have to get between Manchester and London, and that is a pretty sound option for doing so.
I am aware of the issue that my hon.
Friend raises, as is the shadow Transport  Secretary, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh) .
We must be careful to ensure that there is certainty so that that transition we are all seeking can happen.
I know that there are particular issues relating to that sector and that side of the industry.
We are alert to those issues, and we will, of course, work with him, his constituents and the expertise in this country and beyond to ensure that that timescale is done properly.
For many people seeking to make the transition—we are seeing a huge response from the public on that—that is the option that is currently available, particularly for families.
We must bear in mind that the solution has to be something that works for all our constituents, and we must be cognisant of their concerns.
I am grateful to him for raising that point at this stage of the debate.
I worry at times that the Government, and maybe especially the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, do not have a great deal of time for industry at all.
Artificial intelligence, tech and financial services are all crucial sectors, but we should not for one moment think that there is no role for industry.
Nor should we ever believe that there is a false choice between services and manufacturing.
Support for the automotive sector is not nostalgia.
Many of the plants that we will talk about in the debate are the lifeblood of their communities, providing good work and good wages.
However, just as in other crucial industries—steel is another good example—I get no sense that securing the long-term future of the sector and managing the transition to a low-carbon economy are priorities for the Government.
That is not just the view of the Labour party; it is what industry itself has been telling the Government.
Mike Hawes of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said at its recent conference: “We…need a…response urgently”.
Stellantis has warned that: “If the cost of EV manufacturing in the U.K. becomes uncompetitive and unsustainable, operations will close.”
The automotive industry faces a series of challenges that must be taken seriously.
The rules of origin, which are due to come into force from January next year, will require 45% of a vehicle’s value to be made in the UK or the EU or a 10% tariff will be imposed that will destroy most profit margins entirely.
Of course, those requirements increase significantly over time.
We have a lack of progress on battery manufacturing; Germany already has 10 times the battery-making capacity of the UK.
We have wider business challenges, including the highest industrial energy costs in the G7, and rising inflation and borrowing costs.
However, what we have seen from other countries is that none of those challenges is insurmountable.
Other countries are pulling ahead.
China is home to numerous battery giants such as CATL and BYD, while the United States famously has Tesla.
But the EU has also ramped up battery production through initiatives such as the European Battery Alliance and how has 35 battery factories in place.
In contrast, the UK is yet to develop a robust battery manufacturing sector, which makes us heavily reliant on imports and risks the long-term presence of automotive production in this country.
I think we all recognise that, over time, vehicles will be built where the batteries are made, not the other way around.
We will never be able to match the sheer fiscal  firepower of the US Inflation Reduction Act, but we do have advantages—competitive advantages on workforce and skills, and on research and development—and if we had a Government with sufficient political commitment, the future could be very bright indeed.
Last month, I visited the new Caterham Cars production plant in my constituency, to which the company has had to move because its production is insufficient to meet the demand that it has at the moment.
It will take on more employees and apprentices, and it will manufacture more of the vehicles for which it is famous.
I remind the shadow Secretary of State that that expansion in the industry has happened under a Conservative Government.
Does he welcome that news?
I am incredibly happy to welcome that news and the positive story that the hon.
Member sets out, but I do not think that any of the success that he has seen detracts from the fact that there are significant policy challenges.
The overall number of vehicles has declined, as he will know, and yes, the pandemic and the semi-conductor supply chain issues happened, but that does not remove the need for this House to take seriously the rules of origin, the battery-making capacity and so on.
We are not in any way on track.
There is also, frankly, the international competitive position.
Other countries are simply indicating that they want those industries and that investment much more than we do.
It is not so much that the Conservative party has turned up to a gunfight with a knife, but that it is not showing up to the fight at all.
What we need is a plan of action.
That is what the Labour party has developed, and it is what we want the chance to implement should we form the next Government.
Our plan addresses battery capacity and charging infrastructure, as well as key issues such as planning and grid regulation.
We are up front about the challenges that we face, but we are ambitious for the future.
Frankly, that is nothing short of what is required.
Our plan starts with having an active industrial strategy.
I know that some Conservatives do not like that kind of terminology, but I say simply that all countries need an industrial strategy.
To go back to the example of Nissan, that was part of an explicit strategy—by even Margaret Thatcher’s Government—to attract automotive expertise to the UK.
The absence of any coherent modern industrial strategy is hurting investment into the UK.
Other countries are simply pushing ahead, recognising that the challenges that we are facing have to be met nationally by Governments with skin in the game.
Industry is crying out, first, for stability, and secondly, for a partner and some clear policy signals.
That is exactly what it will get from a Labour Government.
That is why we have said that we would put the new Industrial Strategy Council on a statutory footing, giving some reassurance that the instability of the Conservative years is at an end.
Our green prosperity plan will part-fund the battery-making gigafactories that are so essential to our future.
That will be catalytic public investment to unlock the much greater sum of private investment we need.
The reality is that no battery factory in the world has been developed without that kind of Government commitment.
We know that the Government are in talks with some  firms about potential investment decisions, and I say in good faith to Ministers, “That is good.
We want you to succeed.”
Where those companies need assurances from the Opposition should a change of Government occur, we will of course have those talks.
However, it would be far better and a far better deal for the taxpayer to make those offers publicly, and to be negotiating with a range of potential partners to get the best deals for Britain, because domestic battery production is so important.
Could the shadow Minister clarify how many gigafactories this Government have enabled to be built in the UK?
I am more than happy to.
My hon.
Friend will know that we currently have one facility, which is the Envision facility at Nissan in Sunderland.
The overall number will depend on how big those factories are, but broadly we will need three to four in the interim, and by 2040 we will need eight to 10.
Germany, for instance, already has four to five gigafactories up and running.
A further four are almost up and running, and it is in talks for a further advance on that position.
The sense is that Germany is genuinely 10 times ahead of us in that capacity, and while people might think, “Well, Germany is a country with incredible automotive history, reputation and strength”, there are other countries that we are already losing out to.
Spain, for instance, has a very active industrial strategy when it comes to the automotive sector, and eastern Europe has had tremendous success in that area.
Because automotive is about regional markets, simply seeing what other countries are doing will have huge consequences for the potential for investment in this country.
Crucially, we should be playing to the UK’s strengths in areas such as research and development, like the fantastic programmes at the UK Battery Industrialisation Centre in Warwick, which my hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield, Heeley and I were able to visit recently.
My hon.
Friend has rightly talked about producing batteries, but the position with hydrogen is very similar: if we look at what Germany is doing, particularly with buses and bigger vehicles, we are years behind.
We really need to invest in that area.
I thoroughly agree—the scale of ambition that I see around the world daunts me when I compare it with this Government’s ambition.
There are some incredibly exciting technologies out there, including sodium-ion batteries that would reduce our dependence on lithium and almost certainly cut costs in battery production.
Hydrogen is clearly going to be extremely exciting, as are fuel cells, and there are markets for off-road vehicles that could be huge potential markets for the UK.
We should also not forget buses: that is an area in which new technology could contribute to things like cleaner air, as well as better transport.
Does the shadow Minister agree that on top of battery innovation and hydrogen innovation, the UK is leading in another field: that of synthetic fuels?
However, giving the automotive sector a really strong future in this country involves a whole-system analysis, not just of how the vehicle is manufactured but how the energy that will run it is manufactured.
That involves looking again at the zero  tailpipe standards that are coming in, because if we have that whole-system analysis, we will get to green technology and greener transport but with a whole-picture effect.
I agree with part of what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
I agree about the whole-system analysis: many parts of the decarbonisation journey that industry will need to take on will be a much bigger question than simply unplugging one form of old fossil fuel technology and plugging in another.
For instance, the steel industry will have to think about scrap if it is to make the conversion to electric arc furnaces; and if we are to move towards synthetic fuels, we will clearly have to look at where the feed stocks are coming from.
However, one of the most defining features of the past 13 years—I say this without any kind of partisanship—has been a series of very ambitious targets from this Government in areas that relate to decarbonisation, but with no real means to deliver them.
That target is then pulled away, and confidence in the British state to decarbonise falls apart.
I am thinking particularly about the famous “cut the green crap” comments from the former Prime Minister, David Cameron, regarding home insulation.
When we talk about changing existing Government policy, we should not underestimate just how little confidence the international business community has in this Government’s promises at times.
Broadly, the approach has been very ambitious targets but with no means to actually deliver them, which undermines the case.
My hon.
Friend is making a very effective speech.
As he is talking about targets, will he come on to the roll-out of charging points?
My constituency has three motorways in it and incredibly high levels of pollution.
We need to remove all the barriers, both to net zero and to reducing that pollution.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that constituencies in the north such as mine need that situation addressed?
It is shameful that, as I understand it, more chargers were installed in Westminster this year than across the whole of the north of England.
We in the north have those issues of pollution, and we need to move faster in addressing them.
My hon.
Friend may be planning to come on to that point, but it is an important one.
I am incredibly grateful to my hon.
Friend for making those points.
The approach of the Front Bench—from her, from me on industrial policy, and from my hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield, Heeley on transport policy—must bring those two things together.
We need the policies in place that will make this country a world leader in the production of vehicles and ensure that it also works for consumers.
She raises the fact that there are more charging points in Westminster—I know my hon.
Friend’s constituency, which is not far from mine—and the difference between comparable parts of this country, north and south, in the level, density and availability of chargers is unthinkable, let alone in comparison with Norway, for instance.
Not only do we not have enough chargers but grid, maintenance and connection issues often mean they are out of order.
I absolutely assure my hon.
Friend that when we as a shadow Cabinet and a potential Government think about these issues, both vehicle production and consumers are paramount.
Clearly, consumers want to purchase  electric vehicles—that is the growth part of the market—but too often we do not have the infrastructure in place.
It cannot be some form of novelty.
I have driven electric vehicles around Greater Manchester when it was something of a novelty—I could get access to chargers and, at times, preferential parking spaces near Deansgate, which is no small thing—but for mass market usage, neither the policies nor the infrastructure are yet in place.
That needs to be widely recognised.
On the international trade position, it was always imperative to have a domestic battery industry, but it has become an existential issue because of the Government’s approach to our trading relationship with the EU.
As discussed in relation to regional export markets, eight in 10 vehicles made in the UK last year were exported, so it is widely recognised that the impending cliff edge in the trade and co-operation agreement with the EU on rules of origin is a serious challenge to the future of the sector in the UK.
The Government have been far too slow to realise the scale of that danger, and while they may promise that a deal is coming soon, I am afraid that “soon” cannot come soon enough.
Major UK manufacturers including Stellantis, Jaguar Land Rover and Ford have all warned that a failure to reach a deal would cost jobs in the UK.
It has been two and a half years since the trade and co-operation agreement was formally signed.
That is precious time that could have been used to plan and prepare, but those are two words that this Government often fail to understand.
What have they done in that time?
They have not secured investment in battery capacity.
They have not improved our relationship with our biggest export market, and they certainly have not worked with industry to find solutions.
We know that a breakthrough is needed, and we would use our plans to make Brexit work to ensure that the rules of origin work for British manufacturers.
We cannot achieve a compromise without working with our partners in Europe, and I believe that only Labour can be that good-faith partner.
Our plan to invest in battery capacity, alongside compromises on the rules of origin, is the sensible way forward to meet our climate objectives and trade obligations and retain our industrial base.
We will make the UK a clean energy superpower by 2030, with net zero carbon electricity lowering costs for the UK car industry by no longer leaving UK industry prone to the volatility of international gas prices, alongside better grid connections and planning reform to ensure that “made in Britain” does not become a thing of the past.
That is the prospectus for action we need.
Right now, this country needs some optimism.
The mantra of this Government—that this is as good as it gets—is as depressing as it is wrong.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Go on, then.
There is a news report about a new global company being launched by the French motor giant Renault and the Chinese manufacturer Geely that will invest €7 billion here, creating 19,000 jobs.
Is that not exactly the kind of optimism Conservative Members talk about?
I think those companies must have seen the opinion polls and are wondering whether a Labour Government are coming, if there is as positive news as that could be.
I would simply say to all Conservative Members that, on any aspect of industrial policy, there is too often on their side a desire to pick individual stories or statistics and try to pretend that substantial and significant issues do not exist.
If we talk to anybody reasonably objective in this sector, they will point out—on battery production, rules of origin, charging infrastructure, industrial energy prices—that there are real challenges and they require some serious engagement from the other side, which to date has not been forthcoming.
I would like to add to that comment—my hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech, by the way—what was said at the industry conference held by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders a couple of weeks ago.
The industry was speaking as one, and I am afraid it was critical of the Government, saying, “All these years on, remember that Baldrick at least had a cunning plan.
Sadly, the Government don’t.”
I followed that conference very closely—my hon.
Friend the shadow Transport Secretary spoke at the conference, and I have spoken at that conference in the past—and that was absolutely the sentiment.
Perhaps humility does not come easily to Conservative MPs, but I ask them to take on board those genuine views from the industry on the situation we find ourselves in.
The automotive sector could be a practical illustration of the transition to new jobs and new opportunities that we all want to see.
We have laid out our plan for the sector.
Some Conservative colleagues may disagree, but let us have from them some alternative proposals, because the status quo will not do.
Our motion is a plan to deliver £30 billion in economic growth in the parts of the country that need it most.
It is a plan that could create 80,000 additional jobs—good jobs of the kind that people can raise their family on.
It is a plan for Britain that would mean we once again lead the pack and feel confident for the future.
I believe the choice is clear—a plan under Labour or further decline under the Conservatives—and I think we all know whom the public would prefer behind the wheel.
What a disappointing opening speech.
There was an opportunity to praise, promote and protect the automotive sector—and to talk about all the positive news stories—but all we have heard for the last 10 or 15 minutes was the automotive sector being talked down.
I appreciate that the timing of this debate has not gone well for the Opposition: as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bosworth (Dr Evans)  mentioned, today we have heard about the Renault Group and Geely having chosen the UK as the headquarters of a new company developing ultra low emission engines and potentially investing billions of pounds in the UK—up to €7 billion.
That shows not only the confidence of the automotive sector, but its commitment to the UK, and these are the opportunities or the stories we should be talking about.
The hon.
Member for Stalybridge and Hyde (Jonathan Reynolds)  constantly referenced the SMMT statistics, but he forgot to mention the ones he should have reported at the Dispatch Box so that we could once again promote how healthy and dynamic the automotive sector is.
Car production in Britain rose for a fourth straight month in May.
The SMMT has confirmed that a total of 79,046 cars rolled out of the factory gates a few months ago, which is an increase of more than 26%.
Passenger car numbers are boosted by a greater appetite for hybrid electric motors built in Britain.
The bosses at the SMMT have said that, while there have of course been challenges around the world, manufacturers have “defied the challenging economic backdrop to fulfil customer demand for the latest British-built models, at home and overseas,” so that manufacturing and production are indeed up.
This is a positive news story, and any opportunity we have to speak about the automotive sector should be positive, not negative or all about political point scoring.
This is a serious topic and a serious industry.
I know the hon.
Gentleman is keen to be very ideological within the Westminster bubble, but I would suggest he steps a little outside it.
I know my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Derbyshire (Mrs Wheeler) , who is a champion for Toyota, which has the largest manufacturing plant in her constituency, would welcome a visit by Labour Members so they can see how the sector is booming just in her constituency.
There are over 2,000 people working at the plant in South Derbyshire and involved in the supply chains, and 80% of the cars manufactured are exported to Europe.
Exports are up, by the way, which I will get on to.
Toyota continues to innovate and it is at the forefront of producing hybrid cars.
It has been cutting emissions for over a decade and takes net zero seriously, having energy from solar panels all around the plant.
The point she would want to make is, “Get out of the Westminster bubble, visit South Derbyshire, see what is happening at Toyota”—and at many other firms, as I will go on to say—“and you will see the work is going well.”
Our job is to protect, promote and praise, not to talk the sector down.
It is all very well and good talking about optimism, but does the Minister accept the reality facing the automotive industry in the UK today, and the stark warnings given by Stellantis about future job losses if the Government do not sort out the rules of origin problems?
I want to state for the record—and for the hon.
Lady, who was obviously sitting there while I was speaking—that that was not optimism.
Those were the facts and figures promoted not by Government, but by industry representatives.
I had a meeting with Stellantis recently.
We know that a number of challenges are reflected globally, not just in the UK, such as being able to recruit into the sector.
The hon.
Member for Stalybridge and Hyde missed another opportunity to talk about the fantastic jobs that are available.
Of course, on rules of origin, that is an issue not just in the UK; it is an issue for lots of other countries that want to export and import, too.