Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr Speaker, today I pay tribute to the life of a midMichigan icon who was a builder in every sense of the word.
Lonnie McKissic, Sr. passed away on November 3, 2023, but the legacy he worked so hard to construct in his 88 years on this planet--physically, emotionally, and spiritually--lives on in this community and in the many lives he touched.
Lonnie was born in Clarksdale, Mississippi, in 1935, the son of Robert and Myrtle McKissic, and his early years were by no means easy.
His father passed away when he was just a toddler, and Lonnie was only able to attend school through the third grade.
Though still a child, he was sent to work in the cotton fields, and later at a mill yard, to help support the family.
He was just 16 years old when he married the love of his life, Odell, and shortly after the two made the move north to Lansing, Michigan.
When Lonnie picked up his first construction job at age 18 in Lansing, he likely didn't know he was laying the foundation for his future.
After years of hard work and learning the ins and outs of the industry, in 1969 he was ready to make a go on his own and launched the family business: McKissic and Sons Construction.
Not only did the company break ground on numerous homes, churches, and well-known Lansing-area buildings, Lonnie broke barriers by becoming one of the first Black contractors in the region.
Over the years he also built a large and loving family, raising six sons, three daughters, and ten grandchildren, and prided himself on passing the trade to younger generations.
Today, the construction company continues with his son Michael at the helm.
In addition, Michael shares his father's lessons with the community through his nonprofit, which teaches construction skills to young people in an effort to provide a meaningful path for the future that can help turn the tide A man of profound faith, Lonnie was deeply involved with Mt. Zion All Nations Church, where his 69 years of devotion earned him the title of longest-serving member.
During that time, he held various other titles, including Chairman of the Board, Deacon, Vice-Chair of the Executive Council, Elder, and choir member.
He mentored hundreds of young people over the years, and was known as a spiritual father to many.
In everything he did, Lonnie McKissic used his hands, his heart, and his life to build up the community.
Brick by brick, word by word, lesson by lesson, he laid out a blueprint for what it means to be a servant leader, and constructed his life on a bedrock of faith, family, and hard work.
I send my condolences to his family, and ask that we now dedicate ourselves to building upon his memory, which will live on in Lansing.