In Harpenden and Berkhamsted, much of the impact of Storm Darragh was wholly preventable, such as Flamstead village being cut off because Trowley Bottom and Chequer Lane were flooded, as well as the flooding on Station Road in Harpenden, and in Puttenham.
Next to the Hospice of St Francis is Shootersway, which has repeatedly flooded, and there are worries about ambulance access.
What are the Government doing to work with local authorities, and what is the long-term strategy to prevent repeated damage from storms such as Darragh?
We are working with local resilience forums, and we are also carrying out a flood review.
As I mentioned, a flood taskforce has been set up and is exploring the issues raised by the hon.
Lady.
While the damage from Storm Darragh was thankfully limited in North Norfolk, a number of properties in my constituency suffered power cuts, which lasted well into Monday.
That has once again highlighted the problem caused by poor mobile phone signal in rural parts of North Norfolk.
As hon.
Members have mentioned, many people did not receive updates and cannot access real-time SMS information.
What discussions has the Minister had with colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology about ensuring that we fix the notspots and keep my constituents safe and connected when the next big storm hits?
DSIT is looking into this matter to see how the issues that the hon.
Member raises can be addressed.
I recognise that there were issues, especially with access to mobile networks, which made it a real challenge to reach people, particularly vulnerable individuals.
The situation is being reviewed by my colleagues in DSIT.
Storm damage in Holyhead has led to severe disruption to the second busiest roll-on, roll-off port in the UK, with ferries to Ireland being cancelled.
This weekend also saw the closure of the Britannia bridge to all vehicles.
The vulnerability of Ynys Môn’s connection to the mainland has been of concern for several years, with access to our main hospital at risk.
What assurance can the Minister give me that island communities, such my constituency of Ynys Môn, will be safeguarded from extreme weather in the future?
I have been very concerned about this issue, particularly as part of our work on resilience looking at who may be affected, including vulnerable people and those who may become vulnerable as a result of extreme weather.
Local resilience forums have also been looking into this issue.
We are working closely with Welsh local authorities and the Welsh Government on how these issues can be addressed.
Storm Darragh is the second serious storm to hit my Thornbury and Yate constituency in recent weeks; it came soon after Storm Bert, which caused serious flooding disruption.
I thank everyone involved in the response.
These storms are not going away; owing to the impacts of climate change, they are likely to get worse.
We need a clear framework for local authorities, so that they know when they will get support and what that support will be.
Can the Minister please provide some clarity on that?
We work very closely with the devolved Administrations, local authorities and emergency responders regularly on how we can address this issue.
The UK Resilience Academy will be launched in April next year, and it will be a great way for us to look at the lessons learned and at how we can strengthen our responses to such issues.
My residents in Bersted, in Pagham and across my constituency of Chichester live in constant fear of storms such as Darragh.
They cause severe localised flooding, which often isolates communities and closes businesses, often for months on end.
Funding is available for local communities to improve  their flood resilience, but West Sussex county council cut that funding by a third this year, even though the problem in my patch is only getting worse.
How does the Minister expect communities to be resilient to flooding if local councils are eroding the funding?
We do not have authority over what West Sussex county council does, but we have been advising councils, which are under a lot of pressure, on how they could look at their flood resilience.
This issue is really important, but it has not always been championed.
Hopefully, we can have that conversation and encourage people to play a role.
Hurley and Cookham in my constituency have been hit time and again by storms.
What work are the Government doing to protect villages along the Thames, which often get flooded several days after a storm has passed?
As I mentioned, we have set up a flood resilience taskforce, which looks at constituencies such as the hon.
Member’s to make sure that they are not affected.[Official Report,  6 January 2025 ; Vol. 759, c. 3WC.]
(Correction)
The Government will invest £2.4 billion until March 2026 in improving flood resilience and better protecting communities across the country.
DSIT is also looking at UK power networks to see what role they could play.
On the emergency alerts that were issued on Friday, we are looking at the lessons learned to see how they could be used effectively if we roll them out in the future.