Storm Darragh saw the cancellation and delay of numerous trains and flights across Northern Ireland and, further afield, across the United Kingdom.
Although that cannot be helped, thousands of people were at a financial loss due to the cancellations and delays.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that airlines and rail companies across the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland do their bit to ensure that due compensation is paid to constituents, and that they do not lose out due to the weather conditions?
That is an issue on which we need to work collaboratively, particularly when it comes to the impact on the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
We need to see what the challenges are, and why these matters are not being addressed, particularly at local level.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
On  1 August , I wrote to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care about the closure of Yeovil district hospital’s hyper-acute stroke unit.
Despite following up several times, including with his senior staff, I have not received a response.
On  2 December , I submitted a named-day parliamentary question for response on  6 December , but I have received only a holding answer.
My understanding is that while Members can occasionally expect to receive a holding answer, we should usually receive a proper answer by the due date, or at least in a timely manner.
From a previous parliamentary exchange, I understand that the decision to give a holding answer is determined by the terms of the question, how much information is sought and how difficult it is to obtain, but I do not believe that I am asking a question of great difficulty.
What more can I do to ensure a response from the Department for my constituency of Yeovil?
The Chair is not responsible for the quality or timeliness of Ministers’ answers to correspondence or to questions, but it seems to me that the hon.
Gentleman has waited an awfully long time, both for a reply to his letter and for a substantive answer to his written question.
I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have noted his remarks, and I hope that somebody from the Department of Health and Social Care is already drafting a response.
I am sure that they will be in touch with him very soon to explain what is going on.
I do not want to have to keep repeating this, but Members have a right to expect timely answers to correspondence, and to expect that when a holding answer is issued, a substantive reply will be along very soon thereafter.
This seems to be a trend; it is becoming more and more apparent that Ministers are not responding.
I am still waiting for a Minister in the Lords to respond to me, so I know the frustration well.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Wera Hobhouse, supported by Clive Jones, presented a Bill to require the Secretary of State to review the current arrangements for breast cancer screening, including the potential merits of reducing the minimum age at which women are invited for regular breast cancer screening and of increasing the use of automated breast ultrasound; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the first time; to be read a second time on  Friday 7 March 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 144).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Ellie Chowns presented a Bill to require new buildings to meet net zero standards for embodied and operational carbon emissions; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the first time; to be read a second time on  Friday 11 July 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 148).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Ellie Chowns presented a Bill to require the installation of swift bricks on new buildings; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the first time; to be read a second time on  Friday 11 July 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 149).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Victoria Collins, supported by Jess Brown-Fuller, Dr Danny Chambers, Edward Morello, Tom Gordon, Alex Brewer, Calum Miller, Tessa Munt and Manuela Perteghella presented a Bill to make provision for the designation of rivers, streams and lakes as having protected status; to specify criteria for minimum standards that a site must meet where it has been designated as a river, stream or lake with protected status; to set minimum standards of water quality, safety, environmental management and provision of information in relation to such sites; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the first time; to be read a second time on  Friday 17 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 150).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the marriage of first cousins; and for connected purposes.
Members across the House may wonder why first-cousin marriage is not already illegal.
In fact, many in this House and in the country may already believe that it is.
That is understandable, because as early as the middle of the fifth century in England, the Church practised the Roman doctrine on first-cousin marriage, which was clarified by the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the early eighth century, after he received a letter from Pope Gregory I.
The letter cited Leviticus 18:6, which states that sacred law forbids a man to uncover the nakedness of his near kin.
Throughout the centuries that followed, this canon law forbidding first-cousin marriage remained the norm, and by the 11th century it extended to sixth cousins.
This 1,000-year tradition of first-cousin marriage being illegal was continued until 1540, when King Henry VIII broke with Rome and legalised marriage between first cousins so that he could marry Catherine Howard, his fifth wife and a cousin of his second wife, Anne Boleyn.
Sadly, both Catherine and Anne ended up facing a swift end at the block.
However, the law pertaining to first-cousin marriage has been more enduring, remaining unchanged ever since.
Today, according to the Oxford Journal of Law and Religion, cousin marriage is practised by about 10% of the world and is most prevalent in the middle east, west Asia and north Africa.
However, the practice varies enormously within countries and by regional culture, reaching at its highest over 80% in parts of rural Pakistan.
By contrast, in China and western countries it is less than 1%.
Patrick Nash, a visiting fellow at Oxford University’s faculty of theology and religion, describes how a region’s history of harsh conditions, such as resource-scarce rurality, proximity to conflict zones and industrial poverty, plays a major role in developing the cultures that practise first-cousin marriage.
He argues that cousin marriage was at one time biologically beneficial for the survival of mankind, when times were especially hard and inhospitable.
However, this does not carry forward into modern living conditions in our post-industrial age, where genetic and degenerative diseases are among the most severe threats to public health.