I applaud  the hon.
Member for Ceredigion Preseli (Ben Lake)  for asking this urgent question.
He asked some very detailed questions about communication and connectivity that are vital for rural areas.
Can the Minister commit to writing to him and to putting that letter in the Library?
There is important information that needs to be put on the public record.
Storm Darragh has had and continues to have terrible impacts across the UK.
Our thoughts are very much with the loved ones of those who tragically lost their lives in recent days, and with the people whose homes and businesses have been devastated and those who continue to feel the effects of the storm.
We must not forget that for at-risk communities, the mental health consequences can remain long after the storms and floods have abated and the blue lights have left.
The Opposition pay tribute to the emergency services, the Environment Agency, local authorities and volunteer groups for their efforts to help people in these challenging and dangerous circumstances.
In the coming hours and days, the Government need to focus on quickly reconnecting those without power and giving help to those who have been driven out of their homes, on the repair and reopening of buildings and schools and on the process for insurance claims so that residents can return home as soon as possible.
What conversations are being had across Government to ensure that all that happens?
What discussions did the Minister have with ministerial colleagues across Government and with the Environment Agency and the Met Office before the latest storm hit?
The Government’s flood resilience taskforce was set up to improve flood preparedness.
It has met once, and its next meeting is next year.
Should it not be stood up more frequently and meet more regularly?
The previous Conservative Government committed a record £5.2 billion from 2019 to 2027 to provide significantly improved flood defences across the country.
Will the new Labour Government continue that investment?
The farm recovery fund, initiated by the previous Conservative Government to support farmers, is vital.
Will this Government provide new money now, after recent storms like Bert and Darragh?
Finally, can the Government confirm their ongoing commitment to the communities hit by these increasingly common extreme weather events?
I want to reassure the hon.
Gentleman that the Government are working closely with devolved Administrations and organisations to address these issues.
As I mentioned already, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster spoke to the First Minister on Friday, and we continue to work together.
Work is being done to strengthen the resilience review, which the hon.
Gentleman mentioned, and the emergency alerts worked effectively to reach those who have been directly affected.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will respond to the hon.
Member for Ceredigion Preseli on the issues he has raised to ensure that his questions are answered.