We know that one of the key ways in which we manage prolific offenders is through tagging—both GPS tagging and home detention tagging.
The Secretary of State has assured us that the problems with early release tagging have now been resolved, but I understand that problems persist for thousands of other prisoners who are due to be tagged.
Can she assure the public that everyone who is being released, and who should be getting a tag, is being tagged on time?
Yes.
The specific problem that the hon.
Gentleman refers to, which relates to Serco’s performance and the two tranches of SDS40 releases, has now been resolved.
The backlog has been cleared, and Serco’s performance is now back to where it should be.
Of course, we will continue to monitor Serco’s overall performance and keep the contract under regular review.
The House will have heard that the Secretary of State did not answer my question.
I acknowledge that the problems with the early release scheme have been tackled, but I am told by many people working in the criminal justice sector that there are many other delays with the thousands of other prisoners who are due to be tagged.
Again, can she assure the House that the thousands of prisoners who are due to be tagged are being tagged on time?
Yes.
There are no additional issues in relation to tagging or the process by which the tagging takes place with Serco, but where there is contract failure by Serco, we will not hesitate to take action.
We have already imposed financial penalties for the things that went wrong with the SDS40 releases, and we will keep this issue under regular review.
The Prisons Minister in the other place discusses these matters directly with Serco on a regular basis, as do my officials, and we will continue to monitor the situation.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of prisons.
The prison estate conditions survey programme is a live assessment of the condition of our estate, but there is still much to do.
Approximately 4,000 cells were lost to dilapidation under the last Government.
That is why we are investing £220 million in Prison and Probation Service maintenance in 2024-25, and up to £300 million in 2025-26.
A constituent who is now a prisoner of HMP Coldingley wrote to me recently about the appalling conditions in his prison.
He spoke about the prevalence of drugs, violence, discrimination and denial of access to healthcare.
In his most recent letter to me, he said that the conditions had got so bad that he made an attempt on his life.
Another report on Coldingley has described the conditions as “inhumane”.
Can the Minister tell me what urgent work is being done to ensure that all our prisons have humane conditions for prisoners?
This Government are determined to ensure the best possible conditions in our prisons.
We have inherited a crisis in our prisons, I am afraid, but if the hon.
Member wishes to write to me about that particular issue, I will be happy to write back to him.