In London, there is a phone theft epidemic, and this time it is not the former Transport Secretary on the loose.
Last year, more than 64,000 mobile phones were reported to the police as stolen in the capital alone.
The small number of individuals responsible should be locked up for a long time, yet last month, a criminal who used a motorbike to steal 24 phones an hour was jailed for just two years.
Enough is enough, so will the Justice Secretary commit to dramatically increasing sentences for career criminals, get them off our streets and slash crime?
Where was the shadow Secretary of State over the past 14 years when the theft epidemic began?
Again, given the scale of his party’s general election defeat, some humility is usually required—perhaps even an apology to the British public—before he and others can earn the right to be heard again.
He is right about the issues with mobile phone theft, and the Home Office and the Home Secretary in particular are meeting with tech companies to talk about how we can break the business model of those criminals.
Cousin marriage has absolutely no place in Britain.
The medical evidence is overwhelming that it significantly increases the risk of birth defects, and the moral case is clear in that we see hundreds of exploitative marriages that ruin lives.
Frankly, it should have been stamped out a long time ago.
Will the Justice Secretary commit to ending this medieval practice, which is rearing its head once again in modern Britain?
The right hon.
Member will know that there has been a recent Law Commission report on marriage law more generally.
The Government are going to consult on broader reform of marriage law, and we will certainly consider the issues that he has raised before setting out a public position.
Many of my constituents work at HMP Swinfen Hall in Staffordshire, although the boundary changes took it out of my constituency recently.
Many of the prison officers I speak to there are concerned about retention at the start of their careers, getting into more experienced  roles and ensuring that such experience is retained.
Can the Minister reassure me about the steps being taken to encourage retention of experienced members of staff?
One of the very first actions of the Government was to accept the Prison Service pay review body’s independent recommendations in full, delivering a pay increase of 5% for prison officers.
In addition, we monitor exit interview data and use it to help design interventions to improve retention.
One in four people of working age in the UK has a criminal record, for a variety of reasons.
Most of these people no longer pose a threat to society, but are still tied to their past by their criminal record and face a lifetime of barriers with employers.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the criminal record implications of a sentence do not impact on an individual disproportionately?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, which is always under review, but that is where we are at the moment.
What are the Government doing to ensure that offenders are managed effectively in the community, and how will the Secretary of State use offender monitoring technology to improve the efficiency of the Probation Service in keeping the public safe?
I particularly welcome the steps taken with technology on exclusion zones and monitoring alcohol and drugs in the human body.