Electricity supplies have yet to be restored to some Gwynedd communities, more than 72 hours after the red weather warning.
The switch from copper to digital technology means that all landline telephones will need electricity to work in the future, as do mobile phone masts.
These matters are reserved to Westminster—they are not devolved—so will the Minister speak to her colleagues in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, and commit to a Government assessment of the resilience of mobile and landline communication in Wales and the adequacy of the support given by BT and EE to elderly and vulnerable people during the switchover process?
Engineers have been working tirelessly with National Grid’s electricity distributors and with other networks to ensure that steps are taken to reconnect vulnerable customers in particular, but if the right hon.
Member writes to me, we can look into this in more detail.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to our fantastic volunteers who worked around the clock in difficult circumstances, playing a critical role in protecting people and homes?
Will she visit my constituency to meet some of those volunteers, including some from Lowdham, Rainworth and Hucknall, who continue to face the threat of flooding?
I too thank the volunteers who have worked so hard to provide support.
I always try to visit areas around the country, and if my hon.
Friend writes to me, I will see whether if I can visit her constituency with the floods Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , to see the hard work that those volunteers have been doing.
This morning, 2,500 people in my constituency were still without power.
That is down from 8,000 yesterday morning, and I am grateful to all the engineers who have worked so hard to get those people back online.
Water booster pumps also lost power on Sunday, so those in a large area of the constituency experienced low water pressure.
In the sizeable town of Wem, there were large areas with no water at all, despite there having been only a yellow weather warning.
It seems that that the resilience of the utility companies is not where it needs to be to respond to an event of this nature.
Can the Minister reassure me about what she is doing with those companies to ensure that we are more resilient in future, given that these events will be increasingly frequent as the impact of climate change worsens?
We and our colleagues in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero are working closely together, and as I said earlier, they are receiving updates from the Energy Networks Association.
If any of the hon.
Member’s constituents are directly affected, I urge them to call the network operator directly by dialling 105, or to visit the Power Cut 105 website.
However, she is right that we should be exploring the impact that this could have on us in the future.
In Ironbridge gorge, a world heritage site in my constituency, the river fills up with water from Wales in the days after these storms.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that the Government pay attention to secondary areas such as mine, and will Government Departments ensure that the economic hammer blow that flooding causes in communities such as mine is considered in any future grant applications by the local authority?
We are currently reviewing the flooding funding formula, which will address some of the issues that my hon.
Friend has raised.
I am incredibly concerned about the news that funding for organisations that co-ordinate multi-agency responses in the event of emergency, such as the Sussex resilience forum, is set to end in April next year.
Will the Minister commit to long-term statutory funding for crucial organisations that plan emergency responses?
There is already a long-standing relationship between central Government and responders, underpinned by the Civil Contingencies Act 2004.
The Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government already works with local resilience forums on preparing for, and acting during, responses to emergencies, and provides a direct line of communication for them to central Government.
The Met Office is our statutory responder under the Civil Contingencies Act, which strengthens its role at the heart of UK resilience.
I recognise the contribution of resilience forums, and in particular the role that they played during the storm.
Northumberland has been battered by storms in recent years, most dramatically and devastatingly by Storm Arwen.
Can the Minister assure me that she and her colleagues are taking proactive steps to protect communities in some of the most isolated places in my constituency from the devastating impact of these storms?
The flood resilience taskforce set up by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is looking into exactly those issues.
Storm Darragh brought 96 mph winds, flooding and power outages, and it came hot on the heels of Storm Bert, which brought severe rainfall and terrible flooding.
Given the strong evidence that links increasing frequency and severity of storms with climate change, may I ask for the Minister’s response to the comments of Emma Pinchbeck, the new chief executive of the Climate Change Committee, who said at the weekend that the UK was “not ready” for these increasingly severe impacts of climate change?
What are the Government doing, and what will they do, to make adaptation an urgent national priority?
As the hon.
Member knows, we have only just come into office, but we have already set up a flood resilience taskforce and are carrying out a resilience review, so we do recognise these issues.
Just a few months in, we are already looking into them proactively.
As the Minister and Members from across the House have done, I commend our local authorities and our emergency services for the hard work that they did to make people safe.
The storm caused so much damage; communities in my constituency, such as Northop, were without power for several days.
Sadly, many of us had to change our plan to go out on Small Business Saturday and support our local high streets, which are struggling.
There is a palpable commitment in this Chamber to preparedness.
What conversations were had with the Welsh Government prior to the storm to ensure that we were ready to tackle it?
The Government regularly meet officials to look at how we can work with the devolved Administrations.
On preparedness, as I mentioned, we are doing work on the resilience review.
I have had a huge amount of engagement with various stakeholders and the devolved Administrations, so that no one is left behind when it comes to making sure that we are prepared.
Let me thank the emergency services, Carmarthenshire county council, which is the local authority, and National Grid engineers for working tirelessly to help residents who were without power in Caerfyrddin.
I also want to give a shout out to the farmers who helped clear the roads with their chainsaws.
Given that many areas are on their fourth day without electricity—most have not been promised a connection until Thursday, and some do not have water or connectivity either—it is clear that we need additional help.
The 105 line is not working.
It is not its fault; it is just overwhelmed by the number of calls.
What advice does the Minister have for people living in rural communities such as Trelech, Brechfa, Blaenwaun and Llanarthne, who are in desperate need of generators for their village halls and community centres, so that they can provide hot water, hot meals and a place to charge a mobile phone?
Can we do something about that?