The Minister will know that prison governors have a statutory duty to ensure that prisoners are prepared for life outside prison before their release.
One of the main issues for released prisoners is finding a secure home, so that they can have somewhere secure to live rather than going back to the place where they were probably involved in gangs or with particular individuals.
Now that prisoners are being released from their sentences early, what action is the Minister taking to ensure that they are fully prepared for life outside prison and there is no risk that they will reoffend?
We know that accommodation is key to reducing reoffending.
That is why we are expanding our transitional accommodation service and working closely with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to develop a long-term strategy to put us back on track to ending homelessness and ensuring this issue is tackled correctly.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of legislation on funerals.
The Government recognise that there are serious concerns about the funeral director sector and that the legislation that governs what happens   after we die is outdated.
We are considering how to ensure that appropriate standards are introduced, including through the potential for some form of regulation.
We have asked the Law Commission to create a future-proof legal framework to address what happens to our bodies after we die.
As the Minister knows, we have been in correspondence about that sector.
She kindly wrote back to me to say that the Fuller inquiry’s phase 2 interim report has been released.
My constituent Joseph Barsby runs G. Seller, one the biggest independent funeral directors.
He is passionate about how we can bring forward a compassionate way of looking at people who have died, while ensuring that standards are kept high.
Will the Minister consider meeting me and him to further discuss ways that we can bring the sector into the 21st century?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the vast majority of funeral directors treat people in their care with the utmost respect, as that business in his constituency will do.
Nevertheless, there are some serious issues of concern in the sector.
As I mentioned, the Government are currently considering the full range of possible next steps, including meeting with sector directors.
I would be happy to inform the hon.
Gentleman when that meeting is taking place, so that he and his constituent can take part.
Order.
Before we come to question 6, I notice that it was grouped, but to be honest I cannot see a relationship between the questions or why they were grouped together.
I hope a message can be passed back to the Department to say that we need to have relevance in the way questions are grouped.
What steps her Department is taking through the criminal justice system to help support victims of ecocide.
The victims code sets out the services and support that victims of crime are entitled to receive from the criminal justice system in England and Wales.
That includes the right to access support, which applies regardless of whether they decide to report the crime directly to the police.
We provide police and crime commissioners with annual grant funding to commission local, practical, emotional, and therapeutic support services for all victims of crime.
England is home to 85% of the world’s chalk streams, which are very rare habitats.
In Winchester we are lucky to have the Rivers Itchen and Meon running through the constituency.
We know that they are struggling, with only 17% of chalk streams rated as having good ecological health.
That is partly because of over-abstraction, partly because of pollution, and partly because of water companies dumping sewage in them.
We know that that not only destroys biodiversity but makes people who swim in it sick.
Will the Minister, in addition to coming down harder on water companies, commit to implementing a sewage victims compensation scheme for that particular problem?
I will ensure that the hon.
Member’s comments are passed to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister responsible for water quality.
I can confirm that we are committed to delivering for nature, taking action to meet our targets in the Environment Act 2021, and that we work in partnership with civil society, communities and businesses to restore and protect our natural world.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
We will expand our transitional accommodation service and launch employment councils to strengthen the relationship between employers and HM Prison and Probation Service.
People who commit crimes should be prosecuted and put in prison as quickly as possible.
It is also clear that we need to do more to reduce reoffending rates in order to keep the public safe.
To keep up with the current demand for prison places, we need to build three mega-jails a year, costing the taxpayer millions.
Given those facts, does the Minister agree that we need to invest in technology to bring reoffending rates down, so that we can help those people turn their lives around and, crucially, keep the public safe?
Absolutely; public safety is our No. 1 priority and new technology gives us every advantage to do things differently.
That is one of the things that the independent sentencing review under David Gauke will be looking at.
Providing quality education and training for offenders is one of the most effective ways of reducing reoffending.
Weston College in Weston-super-Mare runs a transformational prison education programme across the south-west of England, which supports successful rehabilitation, resettlement and employment of offenders on release.
Can the Minister advise what steps the Department is taking to ensure that more offenders can develop the skills they need to successfully gain employment and reintegrate into society?
I very much welcome the work that Weston College does in prisons.
We are also developing our training offer for employers in areas such as rail tracks and construction, and HMPPS’s Creating future opportunities programme is working to improve the employability of offenders in both prison and the community.
I declare an interest as the founder and chairman of a prison rehabilitation charity.
The Minister has helpfully set out what the Government are doing about reducing reoffending, which I welcome.
Is he aware, though, of the enormous pressure put on prisoners who are approaching the end  of their release, given the pressures that the prison service is under?
That is partly because of early release itself, which is releasing prisoners before they finish programmes provided by charities or the prisons, but also because of the churn of prisoners being shipped around the prison system because of the pressure on that system.
Is there anything he can tell us about what the Government are doing to ensure that prisoners approaching the end of their sentence have some stability in the prison they are serving in so that they can get support as they approach release?
Several of the things that I have mentioned already are designed to do exactly that, and we recognise exactly what the hon.
Gentleman says.
On the SDS40 scheme, prison and probation officers have done an outstanding job in supporting prisoners through that journey.
A constituent of mine reported a rape and sexual offence case well over two years ago but, like many victims, is still waiting for her case to be processed by the Crown court, leaving her pessimistic about the criminal justice system’s ability properly to tackle violence against women and girls.
What is the Ministry of Justice doing to tackle the backlog and support victims of VAWG through the criminal justice system?
Order.
That is not relevant to the question that has been asked.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
We took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by changing the automatic release point for standard determinate sentences.
We are building 14,000 new prison places and we will publish our 10-year capacity strategy shortly, which will set out exactly where and by when we will get the places that we need.
The previous Government left prisons in crisis.
We will fix them for good with that capacity strategy and the independent review of sentencing.