The Government recently announced a mandatory levy on the companies directly to provide support and NHS-led services.
I will pass his comments to the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to give him an answer.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the backlog of court cases on victims of crime.
Bearing down on the outstanding caseload in the Crown court and bringing down waiting times is a priority for the Government.
We want to ensure that every victim has the swift access to justice that they deserve.
We know rape victims are waiting a disproportionately long time for their trials, and that is why we have committed to working with the judiciary to fast-track those cases through the courts.
Recently, Truro Crown court, which serves my constituency of South West Devon, has been forced to shut one day a week due to recent budget cuts and the judicial sitting day reductions.
Some cases have already been postponed until late 2025, including lengthy cases that involve victims of violence, and it is prompting those victims to consider withdrawing their cases.
Given the maxim justice delayed is justice denied, what additional steps are being taken to support victims to continue with their cases across Devon and Cornwall?
As the hon.
Lady knows, rape is an abhorrent crime and cases are usually complex.
That means despite judges prioritising cases involving vulnerable complainants and witnesses, rape victims can wait disproportionately longer than victims of other cases for their trial to come to court.
I remind her that the Government have increased the number of court sitting dates by 500 days this year, and the Lord Chancellor agreed to increase capacity in the magistrates courts so that we can get through cases more quickly.
We are also introducing independent legal advocates in the new year to advise rape victims from report to trial, which will ensure they stay in the system longer, feel supported and get to trial.
In the last five years, the number of magistrates covering Telford and wider Shropshire fell from 91 to 76.
In 2022, 50% of the court sessions went unused.
At the Crown court, victims are  waiting an average of 18 months, with some sexual offences taking up to three years to be dealt with.
Telford voted for change.
Will the Minister ensure that victims of crime get justice and that criminals are punished?
Absolutely.
The Minister with responsibility for courts, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green
(Sarah Sackman) , has already outlined the steps that the Government are taking to increase sentencing in our courts.
We will of course consider what other action we can take.
We know that the budgetary position that the Government face is incredibly tight, because of the inheritance that we received.
However, it is vital that we make fiscally responsible decisions.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the early release scheme.
SDS40—the standard determinate sentences early release scheme—was an emergency measure that we had to take to avert the complete collapse of the criminal justice system following the shocking inheritance left to us by the previous Government.
The emergency measure is not, of course, the solution to the crisis that we inherited.
That is why we will build the 14,000 prison places that we need, and have launched the independent review of sentencing.
What concerns me is not the past but the future and how to protect the public.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that the screening process is sufficiently robust to ensure that violent and dangerous criminals are not released into the community?
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman that the past is relevant in so far as it sets the context for the crisis that we have inherited, which needs resolving.
Given that we all but ran out of prison places—numbers had fallen to fewer than 100 in the summer—it is important that we recognise that the prison system is and has been on the point of collapse.
That is why we had to take emergency measures.
We have made exclusions to the SDS40 scheme that should take account of his concerns.
It is of course important that offenders are monitored and supervised effectively when they are not in prison, and that is what we are trying to do now.
Tech can play a bigger role there, and I have asked the independent review into sentencing to look into that.