Last month, the Justice Committee visited central London county court, which is one of the busiest in England, and met the exceptional and resilient people who run it, both judicial and administrative.
They need to be resilient as their work is contained in thousands of paper files that are stored, transported and updated in a way that Dickens would have recognised.
When will we digitise civil justice?
The modernisation of the courts and the digitisation programme is a priority.
Clearly, that can increase efficiency in the progress of cases and improve the workings of case management.
We are  looking at that and working in close co-operation with our colleagues in the judiciary to ensure that we make progress in that area.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the Government’s response to Storm Darragh.
I would like to say how sorry the Government were to hear that two people lost their lives during Storm Darragh.
I extend my sympathy to their family and friends.
Late last week, the Met Office issued a red weather warning for wind covering England and Wales, with wider parts of the UK covered by amber and yellow warnings.
The Government immediately took action to prepare for the arrival of Storm Darragh.
Ahead of the storm, we issued an emergency alert to over 3 million people in affected regions under a red weather warning, urging them to stay indoors.
That was the largest use of the early warning system outside of a test scenario.
Impacts, although widespread, were managed effectively and local response mechanisms worked to mitigate impacts.
For the households and businesses affected by disruptions, it would have been a very distressing few days.
Over 2.3 million customers have had their power restored since the storm made landfall.
As of this morning, just under 24,000 customers remain without power.
Reconnections are continuing at pace, and operators expect to have all remaining customers reconnected by tomorrow.
I am grateful for the response from colleagues in devolved Administrations and local resilience forums around the country.
I praise our emergency responders and utility workers, who have worked, and indeed are continuing to work, so hard in difficult conditions to help the public manage the impacts of the storm.
Thank you for granting the urgent question, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Minister for her reply and join her in expressing my condolences to the families of those two individuals who have tragically lost their lives.
The storm left hundreds of thousands of homes without power and disrupted critical infrastructure.
We are all grateful to the engineers who are working tirelessly to restore power under challenging conditions.
I pay tribute to the emergency services and local authorities who have also worked hard to clear roads and offer support to households where possible.
However, I am deeply concerned about the thousands of people still without electricity.
The storm has brought into sharp relief just how dependent other key utilities are on electricity: from heating to water supply and mobile phone networks.
The latter concern is compounded in rural areas by the fact that many have lost their copper landlines in the recent digital switchover and now use a system dependent on mains power.
Villages such as Blaenffos, Pont-rhyd-y-groes and Ponterwyd in my constituency, to name just a few, have therefore not only been without power but had periods without water, heat and any means of communicating for help and support.
The increasing frequency of extreme weather events such as Storm Darragh due to climate change underscores the need for robust civil protection measures encompassing both our immediate response and long-term resilience planning.
In that regard, our experiences with Storm Darragh highlight a need to review the adequacy of current arrangements.
For example, if rural areas such as mine are without mobile signal and no longer have copper landlines, how can they receive important emergency information, let alone call for assistance?
Will the Minister therefore commit to reviewing arrangements in the light of the storm, including whether the priority services register is adequate to address the needs of vulnerable residents during widespread power outages?
Will she ensure that key utilities are equipped to mitigate the impacts of future extreme weather events?
Finally, will she outline the Government’s immediate action to work with the Welsh Government and local authorities in Wales to support communities who are still without power, and their longer-term strategy to strengthen national resilience in the face of extreme weather events?