The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to help tackle hyper-prolific offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle hyper-prolific offenders.
We know that prolific offenders represent only 10% of offenders but account for nearly 50% of all sentences.
That clearly cannot continue, which is why I have specifically asked David Gauke to look at this issue in the independent sentencing review, to ensure that we have fewer crimes committed by prolific criminals.
I am grateful to the Lord Chancellor for her answer.
Can she tell the House what data her Department holds on the nationality of prolific offenders, and what steps she will take to deport those who are non-British?
The hon.
Member will know that we retain data on foreign national offenders, and this Government are on track to remove more foreign national offenders this year than in the previous year.
I obviously want to make further progress on this issue, and I hope that there will be consensus across the House so that we remove those who commit crimes in this country and who have no right to be here.
The Government’s early release scheme has an impact assessment for it to run for 10 years.
For however long it does run, will the Government confirm that no prolific offenders will be released early?
The impact assessment is done over the usual period of time, but I have committed to review the policy 18 months from the moment it was brought in, which is a commitment that we will keep.
I recognise that we have a problem with prolific offending.
It has gone up over the last decade or so, which is why I have specifically asked the sentencing review panel to consider the interventions that we should make to cut the cycle of prolific offending.
Retail workers in my constituency tell me that they can predict, almost to the week, when somebody will arrive at their store to begin shoplifting again after their oftentimes all-too-short sentence.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with them that the solution to hyper-prolific offending must be longer sentences in certain cases?
The length of sentences, and how to deal with the problem of prolific offending, will be looked at specifically by the independent sentencing review panel.
My hon.
Friend will understand why I cannot pre-empt the findings of that review, but he will note that this Government are committed to scrapping the effective immunity for some shoplifting, which was introduced by the previous Conservative Government, by removing the £200 threshold.
That shows that we are determined to clamp down on the sort of shoplifting he describes.