The Minister will be aware of increased reports of internet image abuse and the rise of deepfake pornography.
What is her Department doing to ensure that women and girls are safe online and that this modern form of abuse can be prevented?
This Government share the concern that more needs to be done to protect women from this appalling form of abuse.
That is why we made a clear commitment in our manifesto to criminalise the creation of sexually explicit deepfake images of adults, and I look forward to setting out our position on this in more detail soon.
Four schoolgirls suffered sexual abuse by their headteacher, Neil Foden, who was sentenced in July to 17 years with a two-thirds tariff.
The Crown Prosecution Service now tells me that Foden will instead spend half his sentence in prison, because the most serious of his crimes can only be sentenced to 14 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how to safeguard the victims, whose abuser was in a position of trust, because they live in fear of his early release?
I am aware of the appalling case that the right hon.
Lady mentions.
It is horrific and all my thoughts are with the victims of those crimes.
If she wants to write to me with more details, I will happily look at the case.
As she knows, sentencing is a matter for the independent judiciary, but I will look at the case and meet her to discuss it further.
What steps she is taking to equip prisoners with the skills they need to support their rehabilitation.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that prisoners are prepared for life outside of prison before they are released.
We are mandating careers advice in prisons and introducing a life skills curriculum.
All released prisoners have access to an employment advisory board that can connect prisoners with work, and banking and ID administrators are preparing prisoners for life after prison.
The UK faces a major labour shortage that is costing billions of pounds annually.
Lacking prospects, many ex-prisoners return to a life of crime.
Enhancing prisoner literacy and numeracy and providing vocational training can help equip them with skills for employment, leading to a reduction in reoffending rates.
I welcome the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, which will address the issue.
Does the Minister agree that failing to tackle the issue will not only cause a lifelong challenge for individuals, but create a significant problem for the state, including lost opportunities and increased crime?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We know that having a job and a home are the best ways to reduce reoffending.
That is why we have employment hubs in all resettlement prisons, where prisoners can access job vacancies and support with their applications.