We were affected in Westmorland, although not as badly as the constituents of many Welsh Members present.
Last week was the ninth anniversary of Storm Desmond, which we remember and still bear the scars from, and we stand in solidarity with all those deeply affected right now.
The storm reminds us of our duty to protect homes, communities, farmland and businesses.
In the Budget, the Government agreed to funding for flood defences up to March 2026, with the potential threat of reduced funding thereafter.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to guarantee, as a minimum, the current level of funding for flood defences beyond March 2026?
So much farmland has been affected by the storm, yet farms are key to successful flood management, storing water and slowing the flow to protect villages and towns downstream, such as Appleby and Kendal in  my constituency.
Will the Minister now agree to increasing the environmental land management scheme budget to help our farmers be our first and best defence against flooding?
Finally, will the Minister confirm that the Government will expand eligibility for the farming recovery fund?
Will they publish an up-to-date water management strategy to set out a plan for urgent maintenance and upgrades to flooding defences to protect homes, farmland and businesses at risk?
The Government are working at pace to step up further preparations for winter.
We are investing £2.4 billion up to March 2026 to improve flood resilience and better protect communities across the country.
We are also looking at lessons from the floods, which are being fed directly in to the floods resilience taskforce that was set up under this new Government.
That will look at flood defences and bolstering the nation’s resilience to extreme weather.
I had the opportunity to attend the floods resilience taskforce with a wide range of stakeholders, and it is a positive way to address future issues.
We recognise the significant impact flooding has on farmers and rural communities, which is why we are providing up to £50 million for internal drainage boards and an additional £60 million through the farming recovery fund.