One in 50 Albanians in Britain is in jail, and foreign nationals such as Jamaicans, Iraqis and Somalis are also disproportionately likely to be criminals.
We need better data to inform immigration, asylum and criminal justice policies.
Will the Government publish the nationality, visa and asylum status of all offenders in prison—if yes, can we have a timeline, and if not, can we have a good reason why not?
We are currently using a data collection and publication approach inherited from the previous Conservative Government—probably from the hon.
Member’s time as an adviser to the former Home Secretary and Prime Minister—but I will continue to monitor the data that we collect and publish.
We are committed to ensuring that we deport foreign national offenders, and are on track to deport more this year than were deported in the previous year.
We will make more progress in that respect.
Like other hon.
Members from south Wales, I regularly hear from constituents with relatives in Parc Prison of their concerns about safety, the state of the facilities and the difficulty of getting medication and mental health support.
I know the Victims Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones)—and the Prisons Minister visited on Thursday, and I thank them for being proactive, because this has been going on a long time.
Can the Minister report back on what the management are doing to improve things?
I can assure the House and my hon.
Friend that HMP Parc is receiving targeted support.
She points to the recent visit by my hon.
and noble Friends to the prison, and the Minister for Prisons in the other place is providing full evidence about this and other matters to the Welsh Affairs Committee tomorrow.
Elizabeth Fry first began her work to create sex-specific prison facilities for women in 1813, with the primary aim of protecting female prisoners from rape, and the Gaols Act 1823 put this into statute.
Yet 200 years later, Fry’s legacy is being betrayed as girls and women continue to be housed with boys and men.
One such example is Wetherby.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me and the Women’s Rights Network that Susannah Hancock’s work on this is urgently needed, and can she give any indication of when Susannah will conclude her review?
There are no girls currently in Wetherby.
We have not changed and will not be changing the policy we inherited from the previous Government in relation to single-sex spaces and the prison system; that policy will remain as it has been.
The women’s justice board will consider the issues that relate to female offenders across the women’s estate.
The criminal injuries compensation scheme is a vitally important part of the justice system but among the gaps in the framework we inherited is interim support for victims of crime under 18 before they can access their award.
This is profoundly affecting three of my young constituents who were victims of rape, and their families, in dealing with the consequences.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can do more for child victims of the most serious offending and ensure the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority is fit for purpose?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about the Criminal Injuries Compensation Authority.
The previous Government undertook a review of the scheme; it ran three consultations respectively.
When the election was called in May no response to those consultations had been published.
We are considering the support we provide to victims including child victims, and we are advising on a new victims’ code in the new year specifically to look at that issue, including any response to the review, and we will set out our plans in due course.
Since the beginning of this year, 17 inmates have died at HMP Parc.
It has been under the control of G4S since opening in 1997.
What consideration has the Lord Chancellor made of returning the prison to the Ministry of Justice?
As I said in answer to an earlier question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden) , HMP Parc is receiving a lot of attention at the moment.
The Minister for prisons in the other place, Lord Timpson, will be answering questions tomorrow in thorough detail and the hon.
Member might wish to attend that meeting.
Two weeks ago I visited Currys in Farnborough Gate after its staff suffered yet another horrifying steaming attack.
A gang of six men stormed into the store, destroyed and stole products and terrified customers.
How will the sentencing review contribute towards cracking down on this appalling behaviour trend?
The independent sentencing review will be making recommendations to ensure that our sentencing legislation and framework is fit for purpose and that we always have prison places for those who need to be locked up, so that our prisons create better citizens out of criminals and we can expand the use of punishment outside prison.
I will not get ahead of what that review might recommend but it will look at all those issues in the round.
The smuggling of illegal drugs into prisons has been a problem for many years.
The last Government spent over £100 million trying to deal with the issue; what plans do the current Government have to try to comprehensively deal with it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right: drugs are rife in too many of our prisons and that problem has been very difficult to challenge, both for the previous Government and no doubt for us as well.
We have to crack down on the supply of drugs into our prisons, which is why we are expanding the use of no-fly zones.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that scanners have already been used, but hardened criminals are increasingly moving on to using drones instead.
We will crack down on supply but we also need to look at demand and getting more of our prisoners off drugs while they are in prison.
The current court backlog across England is an indictment of the previous Government, with almost 1,800 cases in Nottinghamshire alone.
Rape victims are waiting on average over a year to have their case brought to trial, if it gets that far.
What is the Department doing to prioritise these cases and restore faith in the criminal justice system for victims of rape and serious sexual offences?
My hon.
Friend is right that justice delayed is justice denied, and our hearts break for victims waiting too long for trials to come.
That is why we must tackle the Crown court backlog, which we are doing by keeping  open 16 Nightingale courts through the recruitment of more judges.
As I said previously, we need fundamental reform, and that is what we will bring about.
To boost public confidence in the criminal justice system, can the Minister confirm that the Government will not resort to increased dependency on community sentences, many of which are unserved?
As the hon.
Gentleman will have heard me say many times, we have brought forward an independent sentencing review to look at the issues of sentencing in the round to ensure that we are never again in the position where we are about to run out of prison places and cannot lock up those who must be locked up for reasons of public protection.
The review will also make recommendations on how prisoner rehabilitation can help people turn their lives around and, more importantly, cut the number of victims that would result from reoffending.
Last month in Basingstoke, three women were victims of spiking while on nights out.
That appalling crime robs individuals of their autonomy, puts lives at risk and leaves women feeling unsafe.
Victims, including Skylar, Laura and Jade, have highlighted serious gaps in the awareness of and response to spiking, so I welcome the Government’s pledge to make spiking a specific criminal offence and to train thousands of night-time economy staff.
Will the Minister update the House on how the proposed measures will be implemented to prevent further incidents in towns such as Basingstoke?
This Government are committed to bringing forward a specific new offence of spiking.
We are committed to modernising the existing legislation in this Session so that no other victims like Skylar, Laura and Jade suffer these abhorrent crimes.
Nearly 3,000 prisoners are still incarcerated under imprisonment for public protection sentences, which were abolished more than 12 years ago, many for offences not intended to be covered by such sentences.
Will the Justice Secretary commit to expediting the Government plans to re-sentence all prisoners still stuck on indefinite IPP sentences to free up limited prison capacity?
First, the last Conservative Government were right to abolish the IPP sentencing regime, but that has left us with a cohort within our prison system who are still serving these sentences.
I am determined to make more progress in ensuring that, when safe to do so, more of those individuals can come out of prison, but I will not do so in a way that compromises public protection, as some of these individuals pose a real risk to the public.
I will not conduct a re-sentencing exercise, because that would have the effect of releasing everyone immediately, but we will make progress on getting more people properly rehabilitated and out of prison.
Section 127 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994 bans prison officers from taking industrial  action and limits trade unions’ ability to protect prison officers from attacks on their terms and conditions and wages.
Thankfully, these fundamental trade union rights have been reinstated for prison officers in Scotland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is time for section 127 to change so that workers’ rights are fully restored for prison officers in the rest of the UK?
I do not think now is the time to consider that.
Avon and Somerset police is doing an excellent job at Bath Christmas market, challenging any individual seen behaving inappropriately towards a woman or young female.
What more can the Ministry of Justice do to tackle street harassment?
We are working closely with our colleagues in the Home Office to tackle violence against women and girls.
This Government were elected with a landmark mission to halve violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
That includes all crimes against women and girls, particularly harassment, and we are working together to ensure that that happens.