The Lady Chief Justice has said that the courts are not operating at full capacity, perpetuating the record numbers in prison on remand, awaiting trial.
There could be an extra 6,500 sitting days if the Government allowed them.
Cases such as rape and sexual assault are being pushed into 2027.
Baroness Carr warned the Justice Secretary that failure to maximise judicial capacity would actually cost the Government more in costly and limited prison places, yet the Justice Secretary failed to agree to her request.
Why are the Government letting out criminals rather than hearing more cases?
I am tempted to remind the shadow Minister about his own Government’s track record.
He ought to know that it was my predecessor, his colleague, the former Lord Chancellor who agreed the allocation of sitting days with the Lady Chief Justice and that that concordat agreement was concluded during the election period when the Tories were still conducting business.
When the right hon.
Gentleman responds, perhaps he would like to explain why the allocation was made for only 106,000 sitting days.
What I have done is increase sitting days by a further 500 and increase magistrate courts’ sentencing powers, which is the equivalent of an additional 2,000 Crown court sitting days, in order to start cracking down on that backlog.
Instead of increasing sitting hours, the Justice Secretary’s defining intervention in her five months in office has been to accidentally let out dangerous criminals from our prisons.
Just last week, she rushed to Parliament to close loopholes that she created for stalking, for disclosing private sexual images and for murder.
She could be signing deals with other countries to get new prisoner transport agreements.
She could be using visa sanctions with foreign countries to force them to take back the 10,000 foreign criminals in our prisons.
She is not doing so.
Meanwhile, criminals are being released and are reoffending already.
Will the Justice Secretary commit now to ending her dangerous and unnecessary early release scheme?
The shadow Minister could at least have apologised to the country for being part of a Government and a party that ran out of prison places.
It was the Tory party that ran the system at boiling hot—at over 99% capacity.
I hate to remind him, but for months before the previous election, the Tory party operated its own emergency release scheme, which did not have any exclusions for offences connected to domestic abuse.
I will take no lessons from him, as it is this Government who are cleaning up the mess that his party left behind.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the backlog of Crown court cases.
The Crown court backlog that we inherited from the Conservatives was dire.
Instead of cutting the number of cases waiting to be heard, as they promised,  the backlog of cases exploded under their watch.
This Government are getting a grip of the problem.
We have taken important first steps.
We have funded 106,500 Crown court sitting days this year, and we have increased magistrates’ sentencing powers to free up more sitting days in the Crown court to hear the most serious cases, but we know that there is more to do.
I am campaigning to put more police on our streets, but that is only part of the picture.
This backlog in our courts means that the entire criminal justice system is creaking and justice is being delayed.
This time last year, there was a backlog in my region of more than 9,000 cases.
Will the Minister ensure that this Conservative court chaos is dealt with and offenders are brought to justice?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to describe the situation as Conservative court chaos.
Indeed, the full picture of the last Government’s terrible inheritance will become clear when we publish Crown court data later this week.
Demand on the criminal courts is increasing at a faster rate than the actions we are able to take, and we must therefore go further.
This Government understand the scale of the problem and are ready to confront it with the fundamental reforms that will be necessary.