The condition of our Victorian prisons in particular is not conducive to rehabilitation or preparation for life on release.
The Government are pressing ahead with the construction of 20,000 new prison places, which their predecessors failed to honour.
What thought has been given, in the design and operation of these major new prisons, to the training, education, addiction and mental health needs of inmates, for whom prison is currently little more than a human warehouse?
These new prisons will be built with all the things my hon.
Friend mentions taken fully into account.
The Government are determined to put in place 14,000 more prison places.
What steps her Department is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle violence against women and girls.
Last week, this Government introduced domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas.
This will improve protection for victims of domestic abuse, including non-physical abuse and coercive and controlling behaviour.
We have also committed to fast-tracking rape cases through the courts in order to deliver swift justice for victims of this abhorrent offence.
I recently visited South Ayrshire Women’s Aid in my constituency as part of the 16 days of activism against gender-based violence.
Will the Minister join me in praising the hard work of Women’s Aid in supporting women and girls who have suffered violence?
Does she agree that we need more support for these organisations up and down the country, particularly in respect of reliable funding?
I wholeheartedly echo my hon.
Friend’s words about the vital work of organisations such as Women’s Aid, who do such brilliant work in empowering women and children to rebuild their lives after experiencing domestic abuse.
This Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
That is why I have decided to protect violence against women and girls victims spending in the Ministry of Justice by maintaining the current funding levels for sexual violence and domestic abuse support for the next financial year.
In August 2008, Alan Jermey brutally murdered Kirsty Wilson, strangling her and setting her body on fire while their two young daughters slept upstairs.
He has now been recommended for transfer to an open prison, which could allow him unchaperoned access to the community within six months.
His daughters, now 18 and 23, are my constituents, and they are terrified by the thought of encountering him, or worse, of him coming to their home, as he knows their address.
Will the Lord Chancellor meet me and these young women to discuss their fears and ensure that this transfer is stopped?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Gentleman and his constituents to discuss the case.