Mr. Bill Flavin, Dan's Father,

was a Veteran of the Korean War and an industrious, self-made man.
Despite generous offers that would force his family to leave the

Southwest Louisiana community they had come to love, he resigned from

his job and founded what is now the renowned Flavin Realty Inc. Dan

once recalled that even at 86, his father still came to work every day.
Mr. Bill Flavin clearly endowed Dan with this impulse for hard work and

integrity.
The Flavins' principles are emblematic of Southwest

Louisiana's grit and ingenuity.
Dan bought Flavin Realty from his father after graduating from

McNeese State University, inheriting it just as he had his fundamental

values.
Under Dan's management, Flavin Realty steadily grew into the

organization we know today: Southwestern Louisiana's eminent real

estate firm.
In recognition of his personal ability, Dan was twice

awarded the Calcasieu Parish Realtor of the Year Award and was selected

for leadership positions in Louisiana's top real estate associations.
Dan always showed great humility in his achievements, always giving

credit to family and God above all.
Throughout his life, Dan's personal integrity and dedication reached

beyond his own interests, overflowing into the community.
He gave

generously to charity and local causes.
In 1996, Dan brought his

talents to the state legislature, where he served his beloved SWLA

community.
His decade-long tenure in the Louisiana House of

Representatives was noted by constituents as an era of major victories

and development.
Representative Flavin's greatest legislative work came

amid efforts to bolster the Port of Lake Charles.
His concerted

legislation and advocacy made the Port of Lake Charles our Nation's

10th largest, cementing an irreplaceable source of SWLA economic

prosperity for years to come.
This unwavering dedication to community was surpassed only by Dan's

intertwined love of family and God.
After retiring from the state

legislature in 2005, Dan spent the joyful final years of his life

caring for the family business, surrounded by his wife Lisa and their

six children, 20 grandchildren, and a community of friends.
Dan's love

of God, family, and community made him an exemplary Louisianan by any

definition.
His work was always conducted according to our state's

unique intersection of government, business, and family values.
Dan is survived by a big, beautiful Louisiana family and a forever

grateful community.
On behalf of Louisiana's 3rd District, I thank Mr.

Dan Flavin for his generous charity and lifelong service to Louisiana.
As we continue to benefit from Dan Flavin's legacy, I pray the Lord

blesses his family and grants his reward in Heaven.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE UNION PINES VIKINGS ON WINNING THE NC HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETIC

ASSOCIATION (NCHSAA) 3A/2A/1A WOMEN'S LACROSSE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

the Union Pines Vikings, Coach Daniel Proud, and their Principal Andrew

McCormick on their undefeated season and winning the NCHSAA 3A/2A/1A

women's lacrosse state championship.
The women of Union Pines lacrosse team have brought this year's

NCHSAA championship back home to Moore County.
The Vikings defeated

Bishop McGuiness High School 20-6 to clinch the title and cap off a

perfect 18-0 season.
The coaches and players of Union Pines have brought great pride to

both their school and all of Moore County.
I wish them all the best and

hope to see them continue their success next season.
Go Vikings.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating the coaches and

players of Union Pines High School on their victory in this year's

NCHSAA 3A/2A/1A Women's Lacrosse State Championship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
CHRISSY HOULAHAN

Ms. HOULAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA

on Roll Call No.
280.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ERIC JENKINS

HON.
GREG PENCE

Mr. PENCE.