280.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ERIC JENKINS

HON.
GREG PENCE

Mr. PENCE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Eric Jenkins, who

was named Indiana Teacher of the Year.
An Indiana native, Eric teaches English at Franklin Community High

School, a high school in my district.
Those who know him say that Eric

is dedicated to his students and passionate about instilling a love of

reading.
Mr. Speaker, I thank Eric for his work to grow our next generation of

leaders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PAUL AND SANDY PIMENTEL

HON.
WILLIAM R. KEATING

Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Paul and Sandra

``Sandy'' Pimentel.
Both raised in Quincy, Massachusetts, Paul and

Sandy first met as kids and began a friendship that would last a

lifetime and eventually grow into a marriage spanning five decades.
After graduating high school, Paul went on to attend Harvard

University, where he received a degree in engineering and applied

physics, before serving in Vietnam as a lieutenant in the United States

Army.
Sandy went on to attend the University of Massachusetts Boston

and the Lynn Hospital School of Nursing, where she respectively

received her

Bachelor of Arts in management of human services and a degree in

nursing.
After Paul and Sandy got married in 1965, the young couple

moved to Long Beach, California, while Paul completed his military

training, before moving to Albion, Michigan, where the Pimentels

settled for many years with their children.
In Albion, Sandy and Paul

became active in forums and discussions at their church regarding

racial integration and inequality as the civil rights movement

continued to progress.
It was also during this time that Sandy became

friends with Barbara Gladney, and together the Pimentels and Gladneys

started a dinner club called the ``Melting Pot.''
The multicultural

social group gained such popularity that the dinners had to be moved to

large event halls.
After returning to Massachusetts, Sandy and Paul

continued their important work advancing social change.
Paul became the

youngest Deputy Secretary of State for Massachusetts and helped to

create Vineyard Power, a clean energy cooperative bringing offshore

wind power to the Cape and Islands.
Sandy served as the Director of

Human Services for the Norfolk County District Attorney's office and

received awards from the Department of Interior for her work

implementing the Alliance Against Racism and Violence Program and from

the State of California for her efforts to empower young people to

address racism in their communities.
Sadly, we lost Paul too soon on February 5, 2019, at the age of 76.
Beyond their professional achievements, what Paul and Sandy valued most

during their 53 years of marriage was their family.
Together they

raised their five children, Lisa, Christopher, Susan, Courtney, and

Joanie, and many foster children.
The hallmark of the Pimentel family

has always been their dedication to uplifting those in their community

and willingness to provide a warm and welcoming home for those who need

it most.
Over the years, the Pimentels have established themselves as a

pillar of the Martha's Vineyard community, serving on countless

committees and boards for local organizations, including Martha's

Vineyard Community Services and the Martha's Vineyard Diversity

Coalition Board of Trustees.
To celebrate Sandy and Paul's work and

commitment to helping others, Martha's Vineyard Community Services is

holding a dedication ceremony for the newly named Paul and Sandra

Pimentel Early Childhood Center on June 26, 2024.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Paul and Sandy Pimentel, and I ask

that my colleagues join me in thanking them and celebrating their

dedication to supporting and advocating for those in their community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REAR ADMIRAL DANA THOMAS

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.