John D. Stock's diligent service includes 3500 hours of flight time

across two oceans and five continents.
By executing successful

operational missions, instructing pilots and aircrew personnel, and

volunteering in his local community, his leadership has had a deep

impact on the aviation community and beyond.
I want to thank Lieutenant Colonel John Stock for his dedication and

service.
Our community is better because of him, and I look forward to

seeing how he continues to make an impact on those around him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DREW HEDGECOE ON HIS THIRD CONSECUTIVE NCHSAA 3A CHAMPIONSHIP

IN SINGLES TENNIS

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

Drew Hedgecoe of Terry Sanford High School on winning his third

consecutive NCHSAA 3A state championship in singles tennis.
On May 11, 2024, Drew defeated South Central freshman Shaw Akula 6-2,

6-3 to clinch the title.
Due to his hard work and dedication, Drew is

breaking records on the tennis court and could soon become the second

tennis player in NCHSAA history to win four straight singles

championships.
Drew has made his school, and all of Cumberland County,

extremely proud.
I wish Drew all the best and hope to see him make history on the

court and bring home another state championship next season.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in congratulating Drew Hedgecoe on

winning his third consecutive NCHSAA 3A State Championship in singles

tennis.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RIP DANIELS' 30 YEAR RUN ON JZ 94.5

HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

dedicated broadcaster from Gulfport, Mississippi, Rip Daniels.
Rip Daniels has made a significant impact on the field of

broadcasting through his diverse content and raw nature for 30 years.
He is a trailblazer and an insightful commentator.
Mr. Daniels is the founder and CEO of radio station JZ 94.5, The

People's Station.
JZ 94.5 was the first and is the only black-owned FM

station on the Gulf Coast.
In its 30-year run, the show has featured

guests such as former President Barack Obama.
Rip Daniels' impact on broadcasting is seen through his dedication

and commitment to his craft.
He has broadcast from his studio, on the

road, and abroad, capturing stories from Senegal, Tanzania, South

Africa, Greece, and more.
He has also witnessed and provided coverage

of notable events such as Obama's presidential inauguration and the

Million Man March.
Beyond his broadcasting efforts, Mr. Daniels has launched a nonprofit

called the People's Station Corporation.
He is the CEO of the Almanette

Restaurant and Hotel and the CEO of the American Blues Network, the

Nation's only 24/7 blues broadcast station.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the 30

years of JZ 94.5 as well as Rip Daniels' contributions to the field of

broadcasting.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF DAN FLAVIN

HON.
CLAY HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Daniel Flavin,

a uniquely integral Southwest Louisiana community leader.
Dan's career

spanned business, politics, and philanthropy.
No matter what his means

were, he always worked to benefit those around him, his family, and

God.
Dan's family moved to Lake Charles in 1972, where he attended and

graduated from A.M. Barbe High School.
Mr. Bill Flavin, Dan's Father,

was a Veteran of the Korean War and an industrious, self-made man.
Despite generous offers that would force his family to leave the

Southwest Louisiana community they had come to love, he resigned from

his job and founded what is now the renowned Flavin Realty Inc. Dan

once recalled that even at 86, his father still came to work every day.
Mr. Bill Flavin clearly endowed Dan with this impulse for hard work and

integrity.