Title: CELEBRATING ROSEN HOTELS AND RESORT'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
107

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ROSEN HOTELS AND RESORT'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MAXWELL FROST

florida

Mr. FROST.
Mr. Speaker, this month, I celebrate the significant

contributions of Rosen Hotels to the Central Florida region.
Starting

with only one hotel, the Rosen organization has grown to over seven

hotels, employing over 4,000 Central Floridians.
The Rosen Hotels were

established starting in 1974 and are now celebrating 50 years of

service.
Every year, the Rosen organization provides over 500 scholarships

that benefit students in the Tangelo Park and Parramore areas.
Most

notably, Rosen Hotels has donated millions over its 50 years to

creating the UCF Rosen School of Hospitality Management, which now

ranks No.
1 in the Nation.
The Rosen hotels have provided employment, welcoming stays, and

memories to last a lifetime for many Floridians.
I thank Rosen Hotels,

for 50 years of dedication and service.
Their contributions make a

profound difference in our community, and we are grateful for their

support and commitment to make Central Florida a better place for all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE SANTA FE NEW MEXICAN ON ITS 175TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my

hometown newspaper, the Santa Fe New Mexican, on its 175th Anniversary.
The first issue of the paper was printed on November 28, 1849.
The New

Mexican has brought stories to life about gold strikes, floods, votes

on prohibition, and debates on statehood.
It has shared stories of the

struggles and strength of the survivors of wildfires, informed voters

about their local candidates, and anointed the best chile in the city.
To keep democracy strong, it made sure voters understood the positions

and perspectives of local candidates for office.
Stories matter, and who tells them matters just as much.
That's why

it's important that an independent paper with integrity, like the New

Mexican, has been telling stories about our communities since it was

founded.
Papers like the New Mexican help us be well informed, active

citizens.
In 2023, 34 reporters from the New Mexican won first place in the New

Mexico Press Association Better Newspapers contest.
Amongst the awards

were best investigative reporting, best news writing, best feature

photo, and best special section on the recovery from the Hermit's Peak/

Calf Canyon fire in 2022.
Independent journalism is a crucial foundation of democracy.
That's

clear now more than ever, as we ward off fake news and alternative

facts in the battle for our nation's very soul.
I still get a copy of the New Mexican delivered to my door every day.
Their stories, from high school sports to national news are crucial to

the work that I do.
Most importantly, however, they are vital to the

fabric of New Mexico.
I like to think that future generations will sit with their cup of

cafe and turn the pages to learn about their hometown from the Santa Fe

New Mexican.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HIGHLIGHTING LT.
COL.
JOHN D. STOCK

HON.
MIKE GARCIA

Mr. MIKE GARCIA of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

a member of CA-27's Edwards Air Force Base who has served with passion

for over 20 years.
As a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Air

Force, John D. Stock has dedicated his life to serving our Nation and

training the next generation of pilots.
John D. Stock's diligent service includes 3500 hours of flight time

across two oceans and five continents.
By executing successful

operational missions, instructing pilots and aircrew personnel, and

volunteering in his local community, his leadership has had a deep

impact on the aviation community and beyond.
I want to thank Lieutenant Colonel John Stock for his dedication and

service.