From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING REAR ADMIRAL DANA THOMAS

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the

accomplishments of Rear Admiral Dana Thomas as she retires from the

United States Coast Guard this year.
I applaud RADM Thomas for her

dedication and service and congratulate her on this milestone.
Promoted to Rear Admiral (Upper Half) in March 2019, RADM Thomas has

had an exemplary military career, previously serving seven years in the

U.S. Coast Guard and seven years in the U.S. Army.
She received her

Doctor of Medicine and Master of Public Health degrees from George

Washington University School of Medicine and Public Health, and her

Bachelor of Science in Honors Biology from the University of Maryland,

College Park.
She completed Command and General Staff College in 2005.
She served her Internship in General Surgery at Tripler Army Medical

Center and her residency at the Naval Aerospace Medicine Institute.
From her work with the Centers for Disease Control and service on the

Physician's Professional Advisory Committee to the U.S. Surgeon

General, to her current role as Director of Health, Safety, and Work-

life for the U.S. Coast Guard, RADM Thomas has continued her commitment

to service and public health.
Her experience, knowledge, and steadfast

initiative have distinguished RADM Thomas as an outstanding leader who

has exemplified honor, integrity, and professionalism throughout her

career.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in leading this body in acknowledgement

of the extraordinary contributions of Rear Admiral Dana Thomas.
She has

tirelessly devoted her time and expertise to the advancement of public

health and I thank her for her honorable service to our great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ANN ARBOR MEALS ON WHEELS

PROGRAM

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Ann Arbor

Meals on Wheels on the occasion of 50 years of service to the

community.
The care and service that they provide to homebound members

of the greater Ann Arbor community is worthy of commendation.
Ann Arbor Meals on Wheels began in 1974 as a program to provide

homebound neighbors with fresh, nutritious meals.
Since then, the

program has expanded its services to include pet food delivery, home

energy efficiency kits, personal care items, and wellness checks during

drop-offs.
Additionally, the program offers recipients a variety of

meals that are inclusive of dietary restrictions, nutritional risks,

and cultural traditions.
Their delivery of over 120,000 of these meals

to over 430 clients every year shows a distinct level of dedication and

commitment to the community.
Ann Arbor Meals on Wheels is a community effort.
It is led by the

University of Michigan Health Department of Community Health Services

and is made possible by the additional support of more than 250

volunteers.
Staff at the Patient Food and Nutrition Services at

Michigan Medicine work six days a week to prepare meals while

volunteers assist in delivering meals, completing wellness checks, and

providing community members with compassion and support.
Many times,

they are the difference in isolation as they build connections and care

for those they serve.
Ann Arbor Meals on Wheels also works with Lucky

Kitchen, Washtenaw County, the Huron Valley Humane Society, DTE Energy,

and other local institutions.
This network of partnerships and

dedicated volunteers demonstrates the integration of the program in the

community, as well as the extent of the impact of the program.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

50th anniversary of Ann Arbor Meals on Wheels.
For the last half-

century, the program has been diligently serving homebound members of

the community when they need it most.
We thank Ann Arbor Meals on

Wheels and its team members for their service, and we are excited to

see how the program will continue to serve the community.