Both Clarendon and Danby's solicitations not only undercut longstanding British foreign policy objectives and subjected the British monarch to undue foreign influence, but were a bald attempt to avoid a significant parliamentary constraint on royal overreach--the requirement that the Crown obtain ``supplies'' (i.e., funding in addition to the monarch's private wealth) through the legislature.
More relevant to the present case are the American impeachments of Senator William Blount in 1797-98 and of President Donald Trump in 2020.
Sen. William Blount: Blount, then a U.S. senator, concocted a scheme to enrich himself by giving Great Britain control of the territories of Louisiana and Florida.
Blount's scheme was obviously contrary to contemporary U.S. foreign policy interests inasmuch as the American government and populace wanted to expand into Louisiana and Florida, or at the very least to prevent Great Britain from assuming control over those territories.
In addition, the articles of impeachment against Blount charged him with violations of the Neutrality Act of 1794, and also with violation of the Treaty of Friendship, Limits, and Navigation between the United States and Spain (because his scheme involved stirring up Native American tribes to attack Spanish officials and interests).
Not only was Blount's scheme undeniably contrary to U.S. foreign policy interests, and to multiple treaty obligations, but it was a ``betrayal'' in the most obvious sense.
Blount tried to sell out the interests of his country for personal financial gain.
Although Blount was acquitted by the Senate, the historical consensus is that the verdict turned on the decision that senators are not ``civil officers'' subject to the impeachment remedy under Article II, Section 4 of the Constitution.
President Donald Trump: President Trump's first impeachment involved two articles, the first charging that Trump committed ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' in relation to his scheme to coerce the government of Ukraine into announcing investigations into Trump's likely presidential opponent, Joe Biden, and the second charging obstruction of Congress.
The first article was captioned ``Abuse of Power,'' but as I have written, it ``braided together three themes . . .
corruption, damage to foreign policy interests, and injury to the democratic process.
As the first article of impeachment summarized the matter: ``President Trump abused the powers of the Presidency by ignoring and injuring national security and other vital national interests to obtain an improper personal political benefit.
He has also betrayed the Nation by abusing his high office to

enlist a foreign power in corrupting democratic elections.''
The ``national security and other vital national interests'' alluded to in the article were the interest of the United States in supporting, militarily and diplomatically, a country threatened, and indeed physically invaded, by Russia, a longstanding geopolitical opponent of the United States, together with the interest of the United States in preventing Russian territorial expansion up to the borders of the countries of the NATO alliance.
These objectives had been endorsed as national security interests of the United States over multiple presidential administrations through repeated bipartisan approval of legislation authorizing military and security aid to Ukraine.
They were also endorsed by the entire diplomatic and national security apparatus of the U.S government before and during the Trump Administration itself.
For example, when Trump's White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) placed a hold on congressionally mandated aid to Ukraine in the July 2019 as part of President Trump's scheme to coerce Ukraine, every relevant agency of Trump's own administration except OMB questioned the hold and supported military assistance to Ukraine as being in the national security interest of the United States.
Thus, Trump's first impeachment precisely matches the template for ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' described above.
First, the foreign policy interests of the United States in that case were enduring interests embraced by multiple presidential administrations, endorsed by the foreign policy professionals of the executive branch, and manifested in bipartisan legislation enacted by multiple U.S. congresses.