For example, when Trump's White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) placed a hold on congressionally mandated aid to Ukraine in the July 2019 as part of President Trump's scheme to coerce Ukraine, every relevant agency of Trump's own administration except OMB questioned the hold and supported military assistance to Ukraine as being in the national security interest of the United States.
Thus, Trump's first impeachment precisely matches the template for ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' described above.
First, the foreign policy interests of the United States in that case were enduring interests embraced by multiple presidential administrations, endorsed by the foreign policy professionals of the executive branch, and manifested in bipartisan legislation enacted by multiple U.S. congresses.
Second, and critically, the ``betrayal'' of U.S. interests consisted of subverting the national interest for illegitimate personal motives--securing a personal political advantage over a potential political rival.
In Trump's case, the betrayal was doubly severe because it amounted to an effort to use presidential power to corrupt the democratic electoral process.
Secretary Mayorkas: Nothing alleged against Secretary Mayorkas meets the traditional criteria for impeachment based on ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
The most that can be said against him is that he has executed the policy preferences of President Joe Biden in relation to immigration and border control issues and that the political party in control of the House of Representatives disapproves of those policy preferences.
There is no indication that the Secretary's actions, or indeed the Biden Administration's policy choices, are contrary to established national foreign policy interests.
To the contrary, U.S. policy regarding immigration and border control has varied from administration to administration and congress to congress as the challenges, needs, and preferences of the country have varied.
More importantly, there is absolutely no indication that Secretary Mayorkas has taken any official action for corrupt or illegitimate personal motives.
To repeat the central point, ordinary policy differences between a presidential administration and the opposing political party do not become impeachable simply because the subject matter of the disagreement is foreign, rather than domestic, policy.
Question #3 from Mr. Thompson: Rep. Crane suggested that Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the Nation, and that betrayal of the nation would be sufficient

to warrant impeachment.
Are you aware of any evidence that Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the United States?
And Rep. Crane further suggested that you said ``betrayal of the Nation'' is a potential ground for impeachment, whereas you actually said ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests'' is a ground for impeachment.
What precisely did you mean?
I did not say in my testimony to the Committee or elsewhere that that ``betrayal of the nation'' is a ground for impeachment.
I have agreed with Charles Black that one decent definition of ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' that covers most cases is offenses ``which are extremely serious, which in some way corrupt or subvert the political and governmental process, and which are plainly wrong in themselves to a person of honor, or to a good citizen, regardless of words on the statute books.''
Nothing alleged against Secretary Mayorkas meets this general definition of impeachable conduct.
I have also written that one specific category of impeachable ``high crimes and misdemeanors'' is ``betrayal of the nation's foreign policy interests.''
In my previous answer, I explain what is meant by that phrase for purposes of impeachment and I demonstrate why Secretary Mayorkas' conduct does not fall within it.
Finally, I am aware of no evidence that Secretary Mayorkas has betrayed the nation.
To the contrary, based on the facts of which I am aware, Secretary Mayorkas appears to be a capable, dedicated public servant trying as best he can to carry out the policy priorities of the President of the United States and to manage the perennial and intractable problems related to immigration and control of the U.S. southern border. ____________________
RECOGNIZING AMERICA'S CREDIT UNIONS; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.