The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions he has had with party leaders on the restoration of power sharing in Northern Ireland.
What recent progress he has made on the restoration of political institutions in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department plans to take to help restore power sharing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with party leaders on the restoration of power sharing in Northern Ireland.
It will not have escaped your notice, Mr Speaker, that four years ago, on  11 January , the Northern Ireland Assembly reformed.
The First Minister effectively collapsed the institutions and power sharing by resigning on  3 February 2022 .
Behind these questions is a desire for the return of power sharing and the Northern Ireland Executive—a desire that I very much share, hence my most recent discussions with the leaders of most of the political parties that took place in Hillsborough on Monday, when we discussed the very many matters relating to this goal.
Negotiations with the Democratic Unionist party have been ongoing for quite some time, and they have not yet resulted in the restoration of the Executive.
What does the Secretary of State think the DUP is looking for?
I cannot answer for the DUP, and would never seek to do so, but behind all this is the concern that it had about the Northern Ireland protocol as we left the European Union and how, as a consequence, goods were gradually being removed from Northern Ireland’s supermarket shelves—a visible sign that Northern Ireland was being pulled away from the United Kingdom’s sphere of influence and into the European sphere.
I believe the Windsor framework set that straight.
I very much welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to a £3.3 billion financial package.
However, we are seemingly at an impasse.
He will be aware that there is a groundswell of opinion that believes elements of the package should be released to address the ongoing crisis in our public services and, in particular, public sector pay pressures.
Will he consider releasing some of that money to address public sector pay?