The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 17 January.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
According to the Alzheimer’s Society, nearly 5,000 people are currently living with dementia in my Colne Valley constituency, of whom 3,153 have had a formal diagnosis.
That figure went up by one this week with my dad’s diagnosis—my dad is my constituent.
Will my right hon.
Friend pledge to make dementia a priority by driving up diagnosis rates, bolstering dementia research, investing in social care, and improving access to the most innovative diagnostic methods and to new, life-changing treatments?
I send my warmest wishes to my hon.
Friend and his father and family.
I recognise that a dementia diagnosis can bring worry, both for the person who is diagnosed and for their wider family.
He is absolutely right about the timely diagnosis of dementia; it is vital to ensure that those affected can access the care and support they need.
NHS England is carrying out a pilot to ensure that we can improve dementia diagnosis in care homes, and our major conditions strategy includes a focus on dementia.
Crucially, as he says, we are now doubling the funding for dementia research so that we can help everyone, including his father.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I send my best wishes to  the hon.
Member for Colne Valley (Jason McCartney)  and his father, and to all those suffering in that way.
I cannot let today pass without saying how saddened I was by the tragic death of Bronson Battersby, aged just two, who died in heartbreaking circumstances in Skegness.
I know that the House will join me in sending our deepest sympathies to his family.
The Government have been forced to admit that they have lost contact with 85% of the 5,000 people earmarked for removal to Rwanda.
Has the Prime Minister found them yet?
What I can tell the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is that, in spite of him seeking to block every single attempt that we have made, we have now managed, because of our actions, to reduce the number of people coming here by over a third last year, to remove more than 20,000 people from this country back to their home countries, to carry out 70% more illegal immigration enforcement raids, to arrest hundreds of people, to close down thousands of bank accounts and to process more than 100,000 cases—the biggest number in more than 20 years.
That is because, on the Conservative side of the House, we want to stop the boats.
We have a plan and it is working.
With him, we would just go back to square one.
My first thought is, “How do you actually lose 4,250 people?”
Then I remember that this is the Government who scrapped High Speed 2, but the costs are still rising by billions; this is the Government who spent £400 million of taxpayers’ money on a Rwanda scheme, yet cannot deport a single person; and this is the Government who waged a week-long war on the Greek Prime Minister for reasons known only to themselves—and suddenly I remember that of course this farce of a Government could lose the people they were planning to remove.
The Prime Minister did not  answer the question, so I will ask him again: where are the 4,250 people the Government have lost?
Where are they?
As I said, we have actually identified and removed over 20,000 people from this country back to where they belong.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman asks these questions about the Rwanda scheme, but it is important that we get it up and running, because it is important, as the National Crime Agency says, that we have a working deterrent in order to resolve this issue.
That is how Australia solved the problem, and that is how Albania has worked for us.
He asks these questions about the detail of those things, but we all know that he does not actually care about solving the problem.
We know that because the BBC quizzed him, asking: “If…the numbers crossing the Channel on small boats decline— i.e. so it’s working—would you still reverse it?”
The Labour leader said, “Yes.”
It is crystal clear that he does not have a plan and it will be back to square one.
Spending £400 million on not getting anybody to Rwanda while losing 4,000 people is not a plan; it is a farce.
Only this Government could waste hundreds of millions of pounds on a removals policy that does not remove anyone.
Only this Government could claim that they will get flights off the ground only to discover that they cannot find a plane.
Only this Government could sign a removals deal with Rwanda only to end up taking people from Rwanda to here.
The Prime Minister still has not answered the question, so I will try again.
What progress has he made in locating the 4,250 people his Government have apparently lost?
He has dodged it three times.
Where are they?
It is the same thing again and again.
Here we are, talking about what we are doing, and I am happy to go over it.
What are we doing?
We have increased the number of illegal immigration enforcement raids by 70%, leading to thousands of arrests, using powers that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman sought to block in this House.
We have closed down thousands of bank accounts of illegal workers—again, using powers that he sought to block—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Ashworth, do you want that early cup of tea or will you be silent?
As I said, we have worked through a record number of cases and returned a record number of people back to where they came from.
All that is a plan that is working, and we can see that it is working because the number of people coming to this country is down by over a third.
Again, it is a bit rich to hear the right hon.
and learned Gentleman pretending here that he cares about how we actually stop the boats when he has been crystal clear in saying that even if the plan to reduce the numbers is working, he would still scrap it.
That is because he has no values, no conviction and no plan.
It is back to square one.
More!
Order.
No.