Mr Speaker, “Until the UK Government calls for an immediate ceasefire, it is complicit in the horrors…in Gaza.”
Those are not my words but those of the head of Oxfam who, like every single agency trying to operate on the ground, is clear that aid cannot be effectively delivered while fighting continues.
More UK aid is of course welcome
but even when it does get through, it can result in what one Palestinian aid worker calls “bombing us on full stomachs.”
Some 24,000 people have already been killed so what will it take for the Prime Minister to back a permanent bilateral ceasefire?
Of course we want to see a peaceful resolution to this conflict as soon as possible.
A sustainable permanent ceasefire with an end to the destruction, fighting and loss of life, the release of hostages and no resumption of hostilities would of course be the best way forward, but in order to achieve that a number of things need to happen: Hamas would have to agree to release all the hostages; Hamas would have to no longer be in charge of Gaza; the threat of more rocket attacks from Hamas into Israel would have to end; and the Palestinian Authority, boosted with assistance, would need to return to Gaza in order to provide governance and aid.
That is a sustainable ceasefire that we will work very hard to bring about.
Today I was unsure whether to raise a national issue such as the desperate need for a Minister for men or a local issue such as Doncaster’s need for a new hospital or Edlington’s for a new leisure centre, but I thought the best thing I could do was ask the Prime Minister to come and have a tour of Doncaster, and while I am showing him around my home town I can press the need for a Minister for men, I can show him the site for a new hospital, and I can introduce him to the people of Edlington so that he can discuss their new leisure centre.
Will the Prime Minister accept my invitation?
Thanks to my hon.
Friend’s fantastic campaigning on behalf of his constituents, City of Doncaster Council has received more than £80 million in levelling-up funding to support its regeneration projects and most recently Doncaster has been awarded £20 million in our long-term plan for towns over the next 10 years, which I know he is working very hard to make sure is prioritised for local people.
I will be delighted to discuss both projects and his other ideas when I come and visit him as soon as my diary allows.
Some 71% of requests for funding from the community ownership fund aimed at saving libraries, pubs and village halls have been rejected since 2021.
It pits communities against each other and does nothing to address the underlying causes that have led to the loss of  these much-loved assets.
When will the Government offer more than a simple sticking-plaster for our towns, high streets and communities?
I set up the community ownership fund when I was Chancellor and it is doing fantastic work funding hundreds of projects across the country, including, I believe, one in the hon.
Lady’s constituency—the back on the map scheme.
It is there to support local communities, take over assets—whether pubs, village halls or other community assets—and is doing a fantastic job.
It is right that there is a competitive process because we want to make sure the money is deployed in the areas where it can make the most difference.
Over-crowding on Chiltern Railways has become a daily misery for commuters from stations including Haddenham and Thame Parkway and Princes Risborough in my constituency, the root cause of which is an ageing fleet constantly breaking down and shorter trains having to be run.
There are proposals on the table for both short-term additional capacity and long-term fleet renewal.
Will my right hon.
Friend instruct the Department for Transport to fast-track those proposals so we can end overcrowding on Chiltern?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the performance on Chiltern has not been good enough in recent times.
I know that Chiltern has recently begun engagement with the rolling-stock leasing market, which will help reduce overcrowding, but also, together with DfT, it is looking at providing additional capacity at peak times.
I know that the rail Minister my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman)  will ensure that these plans continue to progress and keep my hon.
Friend  the Member for Buckingham (Greg Smith)  updated.
What exactly is it about the prospect of deportation to Rwanda that make the Government think it will be such a deterrent to asylum seekers?
Do they think that life in Rwanda is somehow less comfortable, secure and safe than here in the United Kingdom?
What do the Government think is wrong with Rwanda that means asylum seekers will not want to live there?
It is not that there is anything wrong with it; it is just that it is not the United Kingdom.
And I have to point out to the hon.
Gentleman that deterrence works: we know that it works because our scheme with Albania has ensured a 90% reduction in arrivals from that country.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister is committed to energy security and the development of renewables, as am I, and that is why Sizewell C started a development consent order this week.
However, there are plenty of other developments happening on greenfield sites, where National Grid plans to use compulsory purchase orders to plough up farming fields used for food and tree production when brownfield sites are available that are connected to the network.
National Grid is refusing to publish its study on Bradwell and why they deem it not   suitable for the connection of offshore wind farms and interconnectors.
Will he meet me and other East Anglian MPs to discuss this matter and use the powers of his office to get that study published?
As my right hon.
Friend will know, planning applications for new infrastructure are managed independently, so I cannot comment on specific cases, but I agree with her that it is important to listen to the views of local communities, such as those she represents across Suffolk and East Anglia.
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  was visiting her area recently to mark the commencement of the project at Sizewell C, and I can assure her that relevant Ministers will continue to pay close attention to her concerns.
The Leader of the House last week correctly described the contaminated blood scandal as “on another level” compared with other scandals.
Sir Brian Langstaff has announced today the publication of the final report of the infected blood inquiry, and he reminds us: “My principal recommendation remains that a compensation scheme should be set up with urgency.
No-one should be in any doubt about the serious nature of the failings over more than six decades that have led to catastrophic loss of life and compounded suffering.”
More than 100 parliamentarians wrote to the Prime Minister this week, so can he tell us when those affected will be paid compensation for their loss?
I am acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this issue and the suffering of all those impacted by this dreadful scandal.
I gave evidence to the inquiry last year, and as I said then, I recognise the suffering that thousands have experienced over decades.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the Minister for the Cabinet Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Salisbury (John Glen)  updated Parliament on this matter towards the end of last year.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is a highly complex issue.
Interim payments have been made in some cases, and we are absolutely committed to responding to the final report as quickly as possible following its publication.
Last week, Conservative-controlled Bromley Council’s children’s services were rated outstanding by Ofsted in all four areas of inspection.
That is only the third time that has happened under the current framework.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating the officers and members of Bromley Council and perhaps even visit Bromley and see our new cost-saving civic centre?
It is perhaps not quite on my way to Doncaster, but I will bear it in mind.
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to Bromley Council and all the officers involved in providing an incredibly important service in their local community and looking after some of the most vulnerable children in our society.
They all deserve our thanks and praise for their brilliant efforts.
HS2 promised to transform intercity travel and my seat, where Old Oak Common will one day be.
However, after Leeds and Manchester were ditched, the London end of HS2 is now in doubt.
Can the Prime Minister commit today to ensuring that it at least reaches Euston, or is he intent on stopping all transport forms, except perhaps private jets?
The Leader of the Opposition may have something to say about forms of transportation, and perhaps about HS2 as well—I still have not heard his position on the subject.
Old Oak Common is destined to be one of the foremost stations in the country because of the extra connectivity it will have across London and as the initial terminus for HS2 trains.
As we said at the announcement, we are working with the private sector, as we have in other developments in London, to raise private money, save the taxpayer money and deliver the connection to Euston as planned.
I have just got back from the inaugural women’s health summit.
During the summer, it was announced that specialist maternal mental health services will be available to women in every part of England by March.
That is particularly pertinent for me, after one of my constituents, Jessica Cronshaw, passed away while pregnant with her baby Elsie after suffering severe pregnancy sickness, hyperemesis gravidarum.
I thank the Government for following through with this important reform and pushing to keep going with the spirit of this reform so that our NHS is fit for women in the future.