The Prime Minister does not have a clue where they are, has he?
I can tell you one place they are not, and that is Rwanda—the only people he has sent to Rwanda are Cabinet Ministers.
For all the words, the ridiculous thing is that we know the Prime Minister himself does not even believe in this Rwanda gimmick.
He had to be talked out of scrapping the whole thing.
He did not want to fund it; he did not think it would work.
When he sees his party tearing itself apart—hundreds of bald men scrapping over a single broken comb—does he not wish that he had had the courage to stick to his guns?
I have absolute conviction that the plan we have put in place will work, because I believe it is important that we grip this problem.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman spends a lot of his time in this House talking about his time as a lawyer, and I would urge him to listen to lawyers, because Lord Wolfson has said that our Bill severely limits the grounds for removal.
Four eminent King’s counsels have said that it is undoubtedly the most robust piece of immigration legislation this Parliament has seen, and—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear what the Prime Minister has to say, because it matters to my constituents; those who feel that it does not matter to theirs should please leave.
As I said, Mr Speaker, four eminent KCs have said that this is undoubtedly the most robust legislation this Parliament has seen, and a former Supreme Court justice has been clear that the Bill would work.
But I know that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman has always been more interested in what leftie lawyers have to say.
I even have in my hands the textbook that he authored for them—it is called “European Human Rights Law” by Keir Starmer, so—[Interruption.]
Prime Minister, when I stand up, please sit down.
Can I just say that we do not use props in this House?
If you need reminding, I will certainly ensure that I do so.
It is such utterly pathetic nonsense.
The Prime Minister has been brutally exposed by his own MPs yet again.
He has one party chair who says that she hopes the Lords will rip his Rwanda deal to pieces, and two more who had to quit because they do not think it will work—all of them appointed by him, all now in open revolt against his policy, each other, and reality.
Is it any wonder that they all think this gimmick is doomed to failure when the Prime Minister himself does not believe in it?
It is rich to hear from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman about belief in something.
It will be news to him that it is actually the case that you can believe in something and stick to that position on this side of the House.
[Interruption.]
Can I just say to Members on the Government side that this is very important?
It is an important day.
People want to know what is going on, so I want my constituents, just like yours, to hear what the Prime Minister has to say.
Just this week we had another example of the right hon.
and learned Gentleman doing one thing and saying another.
This week he backed the Home Secretary in banning the terrorist group Hizb ut-Tahrir, despite him personally using the European Court of Human Rights to try to stop them being banned.
You do not have to take my word for it; the extremists’ own press release said, and I quote, “the Hizb ut-Tahrir legal team, led by Keir Starmer”.
I know that he does not like talking about them because they have been a client, but when I see a group chanting “jihad” on our streets, I ban them; he invoices them.
[Interruption.]
There are eight questions that I think some Members might want to hear answered.
I tell you what: some who wanted questions have already gone off the list.
If the Prime Minister stuck to his position, he would be voting with us.
His former Home Secretary says that the plan will not work, his current Home Secretary calls it “batshit”, his former immigration Minister does not back his plan, and even the Prime Minister himself does not believe in it.
Last week, another of his MPs said that the Tories should admit that things have got “worse” since they came to office, that after 14 years they have left Britain “less united”, and that the country is a “sadder” place.
If the Prime Minister cannot even persuade his own MPs that it is worth supporting him, and if he himself does not even believe in his own policies, why on earth should anyone else think differently?
Another week when it is crystal clear that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman does not believe in anything, and he does not have a plan.
While he talks the country down, let me update him on what has actually been happening in the past week—inflation more than halved from 11% to 4%, and real wages rising for the fifth month in a row.
Last week, rates started falling, and millions of people benefited from a tax cut worth £450.
So while he takes us back to square one with a £28 billion tax grab, let us stick with the plan that is delivering a brighter future for Britain.
It is against the law to silence victims of crime, but that is exactly what the Post Office did through the use of non-disclosure agreements, and this is just the most recent case of NDAs covering up mismanagement, misconduct and even crimes at work.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister consider banning their use in all severance agreements once and for all?
My right hon.
Friend is right to raise an important point.
The ability to speak out about things is key to unlocking justice.
While NDAs can have a place—and my right hon.
Friend is right to say that they should not be used to stop victims of crime in particular getting the justice they deserve—I can tell her that the Ministry of Justice is carefully considering how best to address this issue, including the use of legislation, and I know that my right hon.
and learned Friend the Justice Secretary will keep the House updated on further progress.