President Schulz's tenure at Washington State University is marked by

extraordinary achievements.
Under his leadership, Washington State

University saw record-setting gains in philanthropy, notably raising

$167.9 million in private gifts in fiscal year 2023.
Washington State

University received full accreditation for the Elson S. Floyd College

of Medicine in 2021 and launched Eastern Washington's first pediatric

residency program in 2023.
Throughout his tenure, Washington State University also expanded

educational and research facilities across the WSU system, including

the U.S. Department of Agriculture's new Plant Sciences Building,

Schweitzer Engineering Hall, and a major health sciences remodel on the

Spokane campus.
He has been instrumental in overseeing the growth of

WSU scholarships and research expenditures, enhancing the

infrastructure supporting student

safety, improving the delivery of health care programs across the

state, and rebuilding the renowned Pac-12 athletics conference.
Beyond these accomplishments, President Schulz has earned a

reputation as a compassionate and dedicated leader, always prioritizing

the well-being and success of students.
He has consistently championed

initiatives aimed at increasing access to education for all, making a

lasting impact on countless lives.
President Schulz's commitment to

service extends far beyond the campus, as he has actively engaged with

the community through partnerships, outreach programs, my office, and

other efforts to uplift and support Washington State University.
As President Schulz embarks on his well-deserved retirement, we

extend our deepest gratitude for his many years of service and

dedication.
His leadership has left an incredible mark on Washington

State University, and his legacy will be felt for generations to come.
We wish President Schulz all the best in his future endeavors and thank

him for his outstanding contributions to Washington State University

and higher education.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the members of this House join the in

honoring President Schulz for his remarkable career and recognizing the

lasting impact of his service to Washington State University, the state

of Washington, and our Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MOURNING THE LOSS OF JOHN ENRIQUEZ

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the loss of my friend

and a community hero, John Enriquez.
John's life and decades of service

stand as a proud example of the immense influence an individual can

have on an entire community.
Born the eldest of seven, John grew up in Bakersfield and attended

East Bakersfield High School, where he found joy playing baseball for

the Blades.
Though one could easily tell from the cap he so often wore,

John loved baseball and was a lifelong Tampa Bay Devil Rays fan.
For

years growing up, John worked at two family businesses--his

grandmother's Mexican restaurant, Jiminez Cafe, and Enriquez

Construction.
Eventually John found his primary occupation with the

City of Santa Clarita as a public works supervisor.
For 21 years, he

would commute over 100 miles each day for this job, but he would never

leave Bakersfield.
In the early 2000s, John conceived ambitious plans to preserve the

charm of Bakersfield, then striving to maintain its natural and manmade

beauty.
In 2001, John was a founding member of Keep Bakersfield

Beautiful (KBB), a local affiliate of the Keep America Beautiful

program.. During his leadership of KBB, he was known for his strong

steady leadership, always conducting himself with kindness and respect

toward others.
John will certainly be remembered for finding common ground between

differing opinions in a friendly manner.
In the days surrounding his

death, John's colleagues remembered how he patiently developed

collaboration between Keep Bakersfield Beautiful, Caltrans, and the

City of Bakersfield to clean Bakersfield's highways in 2010.
Initially

a tense standoff over a lack of funding, John's gracious persistence

led the group to a solution, which saw homeless workers from local

shelters carry out the beautification work.
It was this patient faith

in the goodness of others that inspired his colleagues and community to

unite to the common cause of preserving the beauty of their home.