Title: HONORING JENNIFER LYNN NORTON; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
175

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JENNIFER LYNN NORTON

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of Jennifer Lynn

Norton, a proud U.S. Air Force veteran and longtime champion for

survivors of human trafficking.
For over 34 years, Jennifer Lynn Norton has dedicated her life to

serving others through military and civilian service.
As a member of

the U.S. Air Force for the 36th Tactical Fighter Wing, she was an

invaluable asset during Operation Desert Storm, leading to innovation

and positive change whilst providing logistics support to her team.
Joining her active-duty experiences with her passion in counseling,

Jennifer rose to become the first female veteran to serve as an

executive assistant for The American Legion National Headquarters.
With

community engagement at the heart of her vision of service, she stays

active in her community through work with the Indy Hope Center and the

Veterans Day Council of Indianapolis.
The commitment she has

continuously demonstrated to her fellow veterans, Hoosiers, and

Americans has left in its wake a legacy of hard work and compassion

that continuously inspires her community.
Her efforts across the years have rendered her various accolades,

such as the Airman Quarter Honors and the Outstanding Leadership Award.
It is an honor to be able to recognize Jennifer for her exemplary work

once more today with the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award.
Having started with its namesake, Sheila Corcoran, this award was

fashioned to uplift exemplary Hoosier Veteran women whose service to

their community and Nation is unparalleled, women who are inspirational

and guided by a deep love for their fellow Americans.
Today, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Jennifer Lynn

Norton's legacy, accomplishments, and continued endeavors with the

Sheila Corcoran Hoosier Women Hero Award for the month of November

2024.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PATRICK SMITH

HON.
JIM BANKS

Mr. BANKS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished

career of Patrick Smith, a dedicated flight paramedic and Registered

Nurse who has dedicated 40 years to the field of emergency medical

services (EMS).
Pat's contributions have left a profound impact on both

the individuals he has served and the EMS profession here in northeast

Indiana.
Throughout his career, Patrick was a trailblazer in the early

education of appropriate airway management technique.
Drawing on his

years of experience as a Respiratory Therapist, he emphasized the

importance of proper ventilatory and oxygenation steps long before they

became widely recognized and implemented as they are today.
Pat dedicated 32 years to the Bippus Fire Department.
During this

time, he served as a Primary Instructor, teaching First Responder and

EMT classes across Huntington County.
He also worked as a street

paramedic and shift supervisor with Huntington County EMS, where his

leadership and skill led to his appointment as Director.
Pat's career then took him to Lutheran, where he excelled as a

Critical Care Paramedic before transitioning into the Flight Program a

few years later.
After becoming a Registered Nurse (RN), he has

continued to maintain his Paramedic, RN, and Respiratory Therapist

licenses.
Among Pat's many accolades, he holds the record of completing

over 1,270 flights with Lutheran Air.
Beyond these professional achievements, Pat has been a mentor to

consecutive generations of healthcare workers.
His deep knowledge,

wealth of experience, and positive demeanor have aided countless others

through the challenges and demands associated with emergency care.
Pat's peers, students, and the thousands of patients he has served

hold him in the highest esteem, and his absence will be felt.
Healthcare professionals like Patrick are vital to our community.
I

want to express my gratitude for his decades of service to our region

and wish him continued success in this next great chapter of life.