In the days surrounding his

death, John's colleagues remembered how he patiently developed

collaboration between Keep Bakersfield Beautiful, Caltrans, and the

City of Bakersfield to clean Bakersfield's highways in 2010.
Initially

a tense standoff over a lack of funding, John's gracious persistence

led the group to a solution, which saw homeless workers from local

shelters carry out the beautification work.
It was this patient faith

in the goodness of others that inspired his colleagues and community to

unite to the common cause of preserving the beauty of their home.
A humble man, John's servant leadership was hard to miss, and

recognized by his peers through several awards.
In 2004, John received

the President's Call to Service Award and the Keep America Beautiful

Iron Eyes Cody Award for his success in raising community awareness and

community involvement for KBB's beautification projects.
In October 2024, John received the key to the City of Bakersfield

from Mayor Goh for his enduring legacy of service to our community.
Given his service, many important buildings and vicinities like the Fox

Theater or the Mechanics Bank Arena owe their restorations and current

charm to John's leadership.
It is difficult to imagine what

Bakersfield's community service efforts would look like in the future

without John Enriquez.
John is survived by his wife, Carola, and daughter, Lauren Enriquez,

who both spoke of the unconditional love and support he always gave

them.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in offering our

heartfelt condolences to John's family and the community that loved

him.
Whether friend or family, John was a true gift to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
KATHY CASTOR

Ms. CASTOR of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I am not recorded for Roll Call

No.
475 and Roll Call No.
476 on Wednesday, November 20, 2024.
I was

unable to be present for votes.
Had I been present, I would have voted

YEA on Roll Call No.
475; and YEA on Roll Call No.
476.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHIEF OF STAFF, EMMA YOUNGQUIST, FOR HER EXCELLENT WORK ON

BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Chief of

Staff, Emma Youngquist, for her work on behalf of every constituent in

Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
At the end of my term, Emma

will officially depart this office to serve as the Chief of Staff at

Second Harvest Heartland and I could not be more proud or grateful for

her service.
Emma was born and raised in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
She graduated from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota with a

Bachelor of Arts in Political Science.
She has years of government and

political experience, including operational, outreach, and casework

roles within Senator Amy Klobuchar's office.
She joined my office in

January of 2019 as Director of Constituent Advocacy before serving as

District Director and later Chief of Staff.
Emma has been a capable and supportive leader during a time when

relentless curveballs were pitched at our Nation, our state, and our

team.
Emma's quiet, contemplative decision making keeps us grounded and

on track.
Emma is a comprehensive and creative problem solver.
She is

the embodiment of cooler heads prevailing.
Emma makes our entire staff feel seen and supported.
She knows when

to push and when to nurture, and every member of our team has grown as

people and professionals under her steady leadership.
Emma has stepped

up and filled big shoes on our team, building on the successes and

styles of leaders who came before her while making each role uniquely

her own.
Listening is Emma's superpower.
Her ability to work with

distinctly different personalities and perspectives, whether among her

colleagues or her constituents, is second to none.
Emma is a leader who

genuinely cares about her team.