Of course, the response to flooding is just one part of our resilience work that is co-ordinated by the Cabinet Office.
Mercifully, very few families were flooded out of their homes in the storms we have just had, but we are absolutely cognisant of the need to prepare.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will have seen the National Audit Office report published late last year, which notes positively that since 2021 the Government have “strengthened the arrangements to manage national risks”; that they are “taking steps to address extreme weather risks as whole-system risks”, a point to which I will return in a moment; and that they have acquired “good forecasting data for droughts, heatwaves and storms”.
Over the past few years, we have seen a noticeable improvement in storm preparedness and response.
A few years ago, there were still about 40,000 people without power three days after Storm Arwen.
The storms we have just had were very powerful and about 400,000 people lost power to their homes, but 99% of them had their power restored within 24 hours as a result of the planning and preparedness that this Government have put in place.
We have learned the lessons.
We now have improved public warnings, we have hardened infrastructure and, crucially, we forward deploy repair experts.
When we see storms forming over the Atlantic, we signal to local partners in the utilities and the emergency services, and they go out and get ready on the ground, doing everything from clearing storm drains to getting ready to repair infrastructure that might be vulnerable.
We have better public information.
The public are much more connected with the activity of storms.
Naming storms may seem like a superficial change, but we know that is has improved public awareness of what is going on.
We have clearer travel advice and the Department for Transport is doing great work through our operators.
We also have superior forecasting.
The Government have invested a great deal in compute capacity and forecasting capacity that enables us to see where storms are coming from.
Better co-ordination and deployment of resources from the centre means that we are working better with partners on the ground and getting a better response when extreme events take place.