The Secretary of State was asked— Whether he has had recent discussions with the Advocate General for Scotland on the prosecution of postmasters using evidence from the Horizon IT system.
As you know, Mr Speaker, the Secretary of State has suffered a family bereavement this week, so will not be with us today.
I am sure that the whole House will wish to send him and his family our deepest condolences.
Can we also pause to think about the communities, including those in my own area in the Scottish borders, that have been devastated by the recent storms?
I know that the emergency services, council and power company workers are supporting them as best they can.
Lastly, Mr Speaker, I wish you a happy Burns night, which will be celebrated around the world tomorrow.
The ongoing situation with the Post Office and Horizon is clearly very serious.
We need to ensure that all sub-postmasters wrongly prosecuted finally get justice, no matter where they reside in the UK.
I assure the hon.
Lady that my officials are working at pace with the office of the Advocate General and other key UK Government Departments to consider the issues around wrongful convictions.
In Scotland, these prosecutions were carried out by the Crown Office and the procurator fiscal.
Ministers of the Crown were made aware of concerns around potentially unsafe prosecutions in 2013.
Can the Minister tell the House why it took so long for the prosecutions to be halted and for previous convictions to be reviewed?
The Horizon scandal is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in this country’s history, with hundreds of people having their lives ruined and reputations dragged through the mud.
The Prime Minister has announced new laws that will be introduced to ensure that those wrongly convicted are exonerated and swiftly compensated here in England.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the administration of justice is devolved, but the UK Government are in contact with the Scottish Government to explore the most effective way to exonerate and compensate those innocent people.