I pass the thoughts of the Opposition to the Secretary of State at this difficult time, and join the Minister in his comments about all those affected by flooding.
The scandal of the unjustified prosecution of sub-postmasters the length and breadth of this country is almost beyond words.
Although it should not have taken a TV drama to get action, it is good that those found guilty in England will now have their convictions quashed, but meanwhile, in Scotland, we are no clearer on how those wrongly convicted will get justice.
The First Minister initially claimed that he would be happy for this Parliament to legislate for every victim across the UK, but his Lord Advocate then said that she does not support blanket exoneration.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that those who were wrongly convicted in Scotland finally get the justice they deserve?
Officials from the UK Government are working with their counterparts from the various devolved Administrations, including the Scottish Government, to fully understand the legislative options that are available across the respective jurisdictions.
I reassure the hon.
Member that it remains a priority for all concerned to ensure that those sub-postmasters receive justice, and the compensation to which they are entitled, as quickly as possible, irrespective of where they live in the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for the oil and gas industry in Scotland.
Oil and gas is, and will remain, a vital sector for the UK.
The UK Government are committed to supporting the industry.
That is why last week I attended the Grangemouth future industries board with other UK and Scottish Government Ministers on the transformation of the Grangemouth oil refinery.
The introduction of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill demonstrates our ongoing investment in the industry.
My hon.
Friend knows that Scotland has the potential to be one of the world’s most advanced producers of hydrogen, and oil and gas companies are playing an important role in that transition.
What is the Department doing to support oil and gas companies, which employ a huge number of people in Scotland and in my seat of Rother Valley, in building their hydrogen production, transmission and use capabilities, to ramp up the production of hydrogen so that we can get more of the low-carbon energy that we so need?
We anticipate that by 2030 the UK’s growing hydrogen sector could support more than 12,000 jobs and unlock £11 billion worth of private investment.
Our hydrogen production delivery road map sets out proposals for annual hydrogen allocation rounds from 2025 to 2030, helping to provide certainty for the industry.
In December, we announced the results of hydrogen allocation round 1, with Scotland fielding two successful projects.
The renewables sector provides the greatest job growth for Scotland’s energy sector, with the number of jobs in the renewables sector in Scotland growing by more than 50% in 2021.
The future of Scotland’s job security, energy and economy lies with renewables.
When will the UK Government finally match support for the Scottish Government’s £500 million just transition fund?
The SNP’s position on energy, particularly in relation to oil and gas, is frankly all over the place.
We do not know where the First Minister of Scotland stands on this.
He described developing Rosebank as “the wrong decision”, but now seems to think that oil reserves can fund capital investment in an independent Scotland.
We fully recognise the importance of the energy sector to Scotland.
That includes oil and gas and renewables.
I will continue to work with all parts of the energy sector to develop that for the Scottish economy.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of levelling up in Scotland.
The UK Government’s funding for levelling up has now reached more than £2.9 billion in Scotland.
That includes almost £900 million of new funding announced last year.
That is the equivalent of £535 per person in Scotland, and the total is set to rise with millions of pounds of further investment in 2024.
The Under-Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities,  the hon.
Member for Redcar (Jacob Young) , will meet me on Friday, but sadly that is not a courtesy that has been extended to the leader of Dundee City Council, who has repeatedly invited the Minister to a roundtable in the city to discuss funding that is critical to projects such as the Eden Project, and the life sciences innovation district among others.
I have sought to continue the long-term investment and regeneration of the city through those projects in the Tay Cities region deal.
Will the Minister assure me that he will urge his colleague to include those in our discussions on Friday and that his dreadful lack of engagement is from a UK Government that are committed to levelling up, not an outgoing Government winding down?
The UK Government are investing more than £60 million in projects in Dundee, and those projects have been identified as key priorities by Dundee City Council and other local partners.
The hon.
Member mentions the leader of Dundee City Council.
After receiving £20 million for Dundee from UK levelling-up funds, the SNP leader of Dundee council recently said, “This is just the UK Government element.
I’m pursuing the Scottish Government as well, because we need both governments to work with us if we’re to make significant economic inroads into the challenges we face.”
I hope the hon.
Member will agree to write a joint letter with me to his SNP colleagues in Holyrood asking, “Where is the money?”
We now come to SNP spokesperson.
On behalf of myself and my colleagues, I ask the Minister to also convey our condolences to the Secretary of State.
We were given assurances prior to Brexit that the structural funds that provide the capital funding for Scotland would be replaced by specific levelling-up and shared prosperity funding after Brexit.
Can the Minister say how that funding from those sources compares to what it was prior to leaving the EU?
Four years since the United Kingdom left the EU, the UK Government have announced more than £1.4 billion for new levelling-up initiatives across Scotland.
That exceeds the entire seven-year budget for the EU structural and investment funds for Scotland for 2014 to 2020—roughly £780 million of funding—so I do not accept the analysis the hon.
Member presents.
Well, no, it does not actually, because this Government have a tendency to draw all sources of capital funding into its levelling-up myth.
I am talking about the specific levelling-up fund and the shared prosperity fund.
They have given Scotland £471 million and £212 million respectively.
That is exactly £98 million short of the £780 million that came from the EU structural funds, so when can we have the money please?
The hon.
Member is simply not correct: £2.9 billion has been invested by this Government into communities the length and breadth of Scotland.
I know that SNP Members have fought tooth and nail to stop that investment being delivered to those local communities, but this Conservative Government will continue to invest directly into Scotland.
Whether he has had discussions with the Scottish Government on funding for nursing bursaries for those studying in Scotland.
Funding policies for those studying in Scotland, including nursing students, is a matter for the Scottish Government.
The UK Government support collaboration between our nations to share best practice and provide better healthcare services.
We would be open to future discussions with the Scottish Government about this matter.
My constituent has been denied additional funding for her nursing degree because she is domiciled in England but studying in Scotland, whereas those studying in England can access the funding regardless of where they are domiciled.
What advice can the Government give me to help my constituent?
Nursing bursaries for those wishing to study in Scotland are a matter for the Scottish Government.
Unfortunately, the Scottish Government only provide bursary support for Scottish-domiciled nursing students, and only if they are enrolled in a course that leads to a diploma in Scotland.
In contrast, the UK Government ensure that the learning support fund is available to all UK students studying at English universities, regardless of where they are domiciled.
I will be happy, on behalf of the hon.
Lady, to set up a meeting with my colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to see how we might be able to pursue the matter further.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the impact of import and export requirements following the UK’s exit from the EU on Scottish businesses.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the impact of import and export requirements following the UK’s exit from the EU on Scottish businesses.
The latest official figures speak for themselves and show sustained increases in both the import and export of goods between Scotland and the EU, with healthy results for services too.
The Brexit pain continues, with £140 billion wiped off the UK economy and more regulation making it tough for exporters.
Relative to similarly sized countries, Scotland’s exports are under real pressure.
Two themes in the First Minister’s industrial strategy were to become an independent nation and to rejoin the EU.
All the evidence points to the fact that that is the correct course of action, does it not?
No, it does not.
Scotland continues to punch above its weight in exports, goods and services and foreign direct investment.
Trade is now well above pre-Brexit levels.
According to the Government’s own figures, new Brexit controls will cost the UK £330 million.
Businesses in Glasgow are telling me they are already suffering from increased costs and red tape when importing parts and exporting goods.
Can the Minister explain to businesses in my Glasgow North West constituency how Brexit is good for them?
The hon.
Lady and the SNP really do have a brass neck speaking about business costs, given their own policy of setting up a hard border at Berwick, next to my constituency.
That would risk thousands of jobs and force thousands of companies out of business—it would be a most damaging and reckless economic step.
We will work through any short-term issues, but the answer is not the long-term decline proposed by the SNP.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help support the Scottish economy.
Supporting economic growth in Scotland remains a core priority of the Scotland Office.
We are focused on long-term economic growth, generating more jobs and boosting business investment.
That is exemplified by investment of up to £372 million in the Scottish freeport and investment zones programmes, on top of our £1.5 billion-worth of investment into growth deals across the whole of Scotland.
The former right hon.
Member for Kingswood and Government net zero tsar, Chris Skidmore, said that what businesses and investors need from the Government is certainty, clarity, consistency and continuity.
Never has that been more true than in Scotland, where there is huge potential for businesses and communities to flourish as a result of the green transition.
However, they are not getting the certainty, clarity, consistency and continuity that they need from this Government, are they?
I do not accept that analysis.
For example, the UK has a world-leading ambition to deploy up to 50 GW of offshore wind by the year 2030, with up to 5 GW coming from offshore floating wind.
Offshore wind provides secure, domestically generated electricity and will play a key role in decarbonising the UK power system by 2035, achieving net zero by 2050.
I do not share the hon.
Lady’s analysis of this Government’s focus in that area.
Does the Minister share my frustration that, while his Department is working to support the Scottish economy, the SNP is hitting it with higher taxes and is not supporting vital sectors such as hospitality in the way that is happening in England?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Sadly the SNP’s sole focus seems to be independence referendums and making Scotland the part of the United Kingdom with the highest tax.
I see that every day of the week in my constituency, as people find it increasingly difficult to justify remaining in Scotland when they are paying so much more tax compared with the rest of the UK while getting less good public services.