The Prime Minister spouts so much nonsense, no wonder they are giving up on him.
Even now, as his Government crumble around him and his own MPs point out that he is out of touch and has no plan for growth, crime or building houses, the Prime Minister is sticking to his one-man Pollyanna show—everything is fine; people should be grateful for him!
The trouble is that no one is buying it.
Does he actually understand why his own MPs say that he does not understand Britain, and that he is an “obstacle to recovery”?
Again, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman calls it nonsense, but these are his positions.
He does not want to talk about it, but these are the facts.
He chose to represent a now-proscribed terrorist group.
He chose to campaign against the deportation of foreign national offenders, just like he chose to serve  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) .
That is his record, those are his values, and that is exactly how he should be judged.
In 2008, I was the Director of Public Prosecutions, putting terrorists and murderers in jail.
The Prime Minister was making millions betting on the misery of working people during the financial crisis.
We have seen this story time and again with this lot: party first, country second.
Safely ensconced in Westminster, they get down to the real business of fighting each other to death.
The country is forced to endure their division and chaos—the longest episode of “EastEnders” ever put to film.
Meanwhile, this week we discover that Britain is going to be the only major economy that no longer makes its own steel, that the Government are handing out £500 million to make 3,000 steelworkers redundant, and that the parents of thousands are being told that his free childcare promise is nothing but a mirage.
Is he not embarrassed that the Tory party is yet again entirely focused on itself?
Yet more sniping from the sidelines, Mr Speaker—you can see exactly why Hizb ut-Tahrir hired him in the first place.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about these things, but even  members of his own party are now realising that he simply does not have a plan for this country.
The hon.
Member for Dagenham and Rainham (Jon Cruddas)  said that it is difficult to “identify the purpose” of his leadership, and long-time celebrity backer Steve Coogan recently said that “he licks his finger, sticks it up in the air, sees which way the wind is blowing”.
Even the Labour party knows that he is not a leader, he is a human weathervane.
It is not the sidelines but from behind him that the fire is coming.
The Prime Minister can try to blame the Labour party all he wants, but the difference is that I have changed my party; he is bullied by his party.
Has he found time in his busy schedule to work out why thousands of parents are being told by their nurseries that they will not get the free childcare that he promised them?
Let us see what the Labour party is offering the country.
We all know that he does not have many ideas for our country—[Interruption.]
Order.
I am going to hear the Prime Minister.
One thing that we do know—[Interruption.]
Order.
Members do not want to push it, do they?
No.
We do know that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is committed to his 2030 decarbonisation promise, which the Opposition say will cost £28 billion.
I was reading about it this week.
He says that he has changed the party, but one of his team called that promise “an albatross” hanging around their neck—that might have been the shadow Chancellor.
But he said they are doubling down on it, and all this is ahead of a crunch meeting this week, we are told, for the Opposition to work out how they will pay for that.
I can save them some time, because we all know the answer: higher taxes for the British people.
There is only one party that crashed the economy, and they are sitting right there.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Holmes, you have had your question already.
Obviously you do not want to remain for the rest of questions.