I am very happy to join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the Appleby Emergency Response Group.
So often, it is local community organisations, with their connections and awareness of and intelligence about what is taking place on the ground, that make a response possible, so I am very happy to join him in that.
I am glad to hear that although his constituency was hit hard by the storms, it has managed to move on quickly.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden)  asked why the Government had neglected local resilience forums and, indeed, the Civil Contingencies Act 2004, which they bypassed during covid.
May I ask that question again?
What lessons have the Government learned from covid and such issues in order to give greater sustainability to the local resilience forums that need to protect us?
We obviously learned a great many lessons from covid.
As the hon.
Lady will be aware from the documentation that the Government have published over the past couple of years, there has been a great deal of activity to improve our resilience and response to emergencies.
My right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister gave a statement to that effect in this House in December.
The Cabinet Office assigns ownership of acute national risks to lead Government Departments, across risk identification, risk assessment, prevention, resilience, preparation and emergency response and recovery.
The lead Government Departments may change between the phases as the impact changes and different competencies are required.
None the less, the UK has adopted a bottom-up approach to managing emergencies, as most emergencies affect local areas.
We have local responders such as the police, fire and ambulance services, which manage emergencies without direct involvement from the Government.
The response to larger-scale emergencies is then led by lead Government Departments.
It is only in the most serious cases that the response is escalated to Cabinet Office briefing rooms—known as Cobra—and senior Ministers from across Government are brought in.
As the hon.
Lady will have heard me say, this is very much about a partnership between centre and locality, and we are starting to see the benefits of that approach.
May I ask my hon.
Friend to congratulate the good people of Repton and the other villages that came together to help with all the flooding that has been going on?
In particular, they are holding follow-up meetings to get more flood wardens across South Derbyshire.
I have never seen anything like the flooding that has taken place in South Derbyshire.
We need to get the Environment Agency to move on with plans for installing holding ponds further up the Trent and the Derwent to stop the run-off from the fields that we have had this time  round.
Anything that my hon.
Friend can do to help me to get spades in the ground on those projects would be much appreciated.
I very much hear what my hon.
Friend says.
I know that my colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will have heard likewise.
She will have heard what I had to say earlier about the Department’s position on flooding.
On alerts, for instance, normal flood warnings were operated.
We did not use the national alert because the situation did not reach that threshold, and our local partners did not ask us to use it.
From what we can see at this stage, that local system worked well and helped to protect people and, where possible, property.
The consistent storms we have had this winter have meant that our communities have felt more consistently battered by flooding and winds than ever before.
Sadly, as the Minister mentioned, lives were lost at the weekend.
Tens of thousands of houses and businesses were left without power.
Transport links were halted in my Edinburgh constituency—there were no flights out of the airport, no trains were going anywhere, and roads and bridges were closed.
Thousands of homes were flooded, yet the National Audit Office has warned that the Government have not set a long-term target for the level of flood resilience that they expect to achieve, and there are no concrete plans to do so beyond 2026.
That means that any investment could be misplaced and inefficient and that homes will not be protected sufficiently.
Does the Minister see that this could be a lack of foresight?
Will the Government commit to reversing the current cuts to flood protection and do more to ensure that investment is effective?
The hon.
Lady will have heard me reflect on what DEFRA said earlier in the week about the £5.2 billion of investment in flood and coastal erosion risk management through its capital programme, and the fact that, since 2021, the Government have put £1.5 billion into flood-defence projects across England.
On the hon.
Lady’s first point about the level of disruption, we understand and sympathise with people who have been put in such situations.
Although we cannot control the weather, we can, by degrees, become better prepared for events, both through the general resilience planning that the Government have been doing and by having better intelligence on storms forming over the Atlantic and making sure we have the right people with the right skills poised to act quickly when those storms strike.
That, of course, means that we can minimise disruption to the public, even though we cannot eliminate it altogether.
In my Broxtowe constituency, some businesses and homes that I have visited have been affected by multiple storms and have received the flood recovery grant but, as it stands, those who have been affected by Storm Babet and Storm Henk can claim after only one of the floods.
Are the Government looking to put more support in place for individuals who have been flooded multiple times by separate storms?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important question.
We know how awful it can be for families to be flooded out of their homes.
There is damage to their  property and effects, and sometimes to items with sentimental value.
It is important that we have processes and procedures in place to make sure that we can help people out in those circumstances.
On my hon.
Friend’s specific point, I will make sure that he gets a response from colleagues in DEFRA.
In Scottish questions, I spoke of how Caithness and north Sutherland were completely cut off.
All the roads were blocked during the storms, so a pregnant mum whose contractions had started could not even begin her 100-mile journey to Raigmore in Inverness to give birth.
People speak of the helicopter ambulance; there is one based in Inverness, but if that has to go to an emergency in Lochaber, on the other side of Scotland, what does the pregnant mum do?
To be quite honest, we are faced with a mum and her child dying.
When the Minister meets the Scottish Government, will he please point out the utter folly of centralising these services in Inverness, when we have a perfectly good, workable hospital in Wick, which should be upgraded and put into full use?
I am happy to communicate that message strongly to the devolved Administration.
I have visited Caithness and seen its remote beauty, but yes, one can only imagine what it would be like to be a young woman giving birth and cut off from major services.
I feel that the hon.
Gentleman’s plea for an upgrade at Wick is very important.