The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 24 January.
I know that Members across the House will want to join me in offering our best wishes to His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, this afternoon I shall be meeting the extraordinary 100-year-old holocaust survivor Lily Ebert.
Lily promised that, if she survived Auschwitz, she would tell the world the truth of what happened.
Never has such a promise been so profoundly fulfilled.
As we prepare to mark Holocaust Memorial Day on Saturday, I am sure the whole House will join me in reaffirming our promise to Lily that we will never forget the holocaust and we will carry forward her life’s work for generations to come.
Can I echo the Prime Minister’s comments on International Holocaust Memorial Day?
My constituents, like all of our constituents, rely on the Royal Mail to deliver important items of mail and packages, and for people to run their businesses, so they will be very alarmed to learn of the proposal from Ofcom that Royal Mail might be allowed to cut the number of days that it will provide that service.
Will the Prime Minister give a commitment to me here today that, on his watch, there will be no reduction in the postal services provided by the Royal Mail in Scotland or anywhere else?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman about the importance of the Royal Mail’s universal service obligation.
As the hon.
Member will have heard this morning from the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , we remain absolutely committed to ensuring that it remains as it is.
The Lib Dem-run council in Eastleigh has just received a report from its external auditors warning of the possibility of fraud and ignoring whistleblowers who tried to warn it.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Lib Dem leaders who shun accountability, shun transparency and simply say, “Not me, guv,” should start showing some remorse and responsibility, or make way for those who will?
My—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the answer.
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter to the people of Eastleigh, which I was pleased to discuss with him on my recent visit to his area, and I know that the contents of the report are deeply concerning.
It is disappointing to see this Lib Dem-run council rack up debt with absolutely no plan for how to fund it.
The council has been issued with a best value notice, and I know that he is talking to the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, which will be monitoring this situation closely.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Can I join the Prime Minster in his comments about His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, and in his comments about Holocaust Memorial Day?
“Never again” must be said more defiantly this year, as it is said every year.
Last week, we lost Sir Tony Lloyd, a true public servant who touched the lives of many people across the House and across the country.
I am glad that his family were here yesterday to hear the many tributes to and memories of Tony.
He will be greatly missed.