The Minister mentions national infrastructure; does he agree that highways fall under that?
Will he call on Highways England to do more to ensure that the M54, an important road in Shropshire and in connecting  Wales and England, has less flooding in future and to put in place more mitigation and investment to do that?
I join my hon.
Friend in his words of praise for those who have been working in the west midlands.
I am sure that my DFT colleagues have heard what he said about the critical road in his constituency.
It is a little bit cheeky of the Government to take entire responsibility for the improvements.
For example, SSE has put improvements in place and done a huge amount of work, for which it deserves credit, so it is not just about the changes to forecasting.
I thank the resilience partnerships that improved the emergency services, the energy companies and all the individuals who stepped up to help others in their local communities.
It was truly a community effort and people came together.
I wish the Government would take climate change more seriously, given the incredible amount of extreme weather events we are seeing right now.
It is important for the Government both to talk the talk and to walk the walk when it comes to climate change.
They should be leading from the front in developing a strategy to help to ensure that we are resilient in the face of climate adaptation and the changes that are happening, and they should put the funding in place to ensure that that strategy can be delivered.
The Scottish Government need funding to make the changes required for resilience.
If there are massive geographical disparities in some of the weather events, such as with Storm Arwen, then Barnett may not be the appropriate method to fund some of the required changes.
In the upcoming Budget process, it might be sensible for the Government to ensure that resilience funding is spread to the areas that are most likely to be hardest hit, so that rather than Scotland having a percentage share based on our population numbers, that share is based on the likelihood of extreme climate events.
That would be most welcome, particularly when it comes to resilience.
That is a classic question from the SNP, isn’t it?
The hon.
Lady did not listen to what I have said and then asked for more money.
Central Government are absolutely not taking all the credit for everything that has happened.
As she will have just heard me say, it is our partnership with the people who work in the emergency services, local government, utility companies and so on that has made the changes possible.
On climate change, I am sure the hon.
Lady will be pleased to discover that, since peak CO2 emissions in the mid-1970s, the UK Government by their actions have helped to reduce CO2 emissions by more than 50%, which is more than any other G7 country.
We take these things seriously and we will continue to do so.