The Prime Minister is Mr 25 Tax Rises, and he has nothing to say on childcare.
Millions of families will have been listening for an answer, and they got absolutely nothing.
He announced the scheme a year ago, claiming that it would get 60,000 parents back into work.
Only on Monday this week did he notice that there were, in his words, “some practical issues” with that.
Eight weeks before its launch, parents cannot budget, plan for work or make arrangements with their employers.
The Prime Minister’s response is to say, “It’s all fine.
It’s the fault of the Labour party.”
Is this merely a practical issue, or is it yet another example of him simply not understanding how life works for other people?
We are delivering the biggest ever expansion of childcare in this country’s history.
While millions of parents will benefit from that, it is right that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman should come clean with them about the cost that his plans will impose on all of them.
He goes on and on about the green promise.
He says he wants to keep it, but he does not have a plan to pay for it.
What he is really saying is that he will scrap the borrowing associated with it, but he wants to keep the £28 billion of spending.
For all those working families who are benefiting from our free childcare, why does he not come clean with them now and be clear that his plans mean it is back to square one and higher taxes for British people?
Making steelworkers redundant and failing to provide childcare is not a plan, Prime Minister; it is a farce.
He may soon discover that with childcare there is an IT problem, nurseries do not have the spaces, they have not got the staff, there is a black hole in their budgets and there are eight weeks to go.
That is not a plan.
[Interruption.]
Government Members can laugh all they like, but families are making plans now.
Families are struggling with the cost of living crisis, trying to work out the household budget, balancing spiralling mortgages, prices and eye-watering bills, and then at the last minute they are thrown into chaos because their nursery says that it cannot deliver the free childcare that he promised.
He calls that a practical issue, but I prefer the honesty of whichever of his colleagues briefed The Times that it was, and I quote, a complete “shit show”.
[Interruption.]
Who was it who briefed that to The Times?
Hands up!
Will the Prime Minister finally realise— Too long!
Order.
I will decide how long the question goes on for.
For those who wish not to hear it, I have told you the answer, and I will help you on the way.
When will the Prime Minister finally realise that the biggest practical issue facing Britain is the constant farcical incompetence of the Government he leads?
Another week with absolutely no ideas for the country and absolutely no plan.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about the cost of living and the economy, but he never actually brings it up, and we all know why: because things are improving and we are making progress.
Wages are now rising, debt is on track to be reduced and inflation has more than halved from 11% to 4%.
He knows that our plan is working and that his £28 billion tax grab will take Britain back to square one.
That is the choice: it is back to square one and higher taxes with him, or a plan that is delivering a brighter future with the Conservatives.
Changing gear, Mr Speaker.
Too many oligarchs and kleptocrats are living off ill-gotten gains that  are beyond the reach of domestic courts here  or in countries such as America.
Ever since the 2016 London anti-corruption summit, moves to create an international anti-corruption court have been gathering momentum to plug the gap.
It already has support from countries such as Canada, Holland and  Nigeria, and it would fund itself from the fines it charged.
Will the Government take the lead in getting it under way, ending impunity for those crooks once and for all?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue.
As I am sure he will appreciate, establishing a new bespoke institution is a significant endeavour, but I know that he has discussed it with the Foreign Secretary, who will look at the proposals in more detail.
In the meantime, as he knows, our Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 has a raft of new measures to crack down on dirty money, and we will shortly publish our second anti-corruption strategy.
We will set out ambitious plans for combating corruption both here at home and internationally.