Scottish businesses would give their right arm to have the arrangements that Northern Irish business have,   with their access to the single market and all the competitive advantages that that brings.
The Prime Minister has described Northern Ireland as one of the “world’s most exciting economic zones”.
Does the Minister agree with that, and what is he doing to ensure that Scotland gets the same arrangements?
I thought that the hon.
Member was going to stand up and tell me how great the House of Lords is, a bit like his colleague  the right hon.
Member for Ross, Skye and Lochaber (Ian Blackford) , in a sort of pre-emptive job application.
Scotland is not Northern Ireland and does not share a land border with an EU country.
It is disappointing that the SNP is seeking to play party politics with the situation in Northern Ireland, which, as the SNP well knows, has a unique place in the United Kingdom, and we will protect that.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on promoting Scotland overseas.
The UK Government work tirelessly to promote Scottish interests around the world through our extensive diplomatic network, forging business links and generating trade and investment.
Our response to the Scottish Affairs Committee’s recent inquiry on Scotland’s international position highlights the extensive efforts we undertake to achieve this.
I am afraid that I do not share the Minister’s Panglossian view of this issue.
Does he share my concern about recently published figures that show that, in the years 2019 to 2021, Scottish exports to the EU fell from £16.95 billion to £14.97 billion?
Whatever the UK Government are doing, it is not working, so the Scottish Government have a pressing need to promote ourselves overseas for the sake of our economy and our society.
Does the Minister agree that now is the time to increase that overseas promotion, not cut it back due to domestic wrangles?
Given the hon.
Member’s interest in this area, perhaps he could speak with his SNP colleagues in the Scottish Parliament.
They are cutting funding to South of Scotland Enterprise, which will mean less support for businesses in the south of Scotland to grow, innovate and export.
Perhaps he could tell the First Minister of Scotland that promoting Scotland overseas begins with supporting businesses at home in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on ambulance waiting times in Scotland.
The UK Government recognise the important job that all NHS workers do, including those in the ambulance service.
I see that every day of the week in my own constituency in the Scottish Borders.
The UK Government would be open to exploring with the Scottish Government how we can work together and share best practice to reduce ambulance waiting times in all parts of the United Kingdom.
Last year in Scotland, almost 3,000 people had to wait more than eight hours for an ambulance, but in recent days, women who might have to travel a two and a half hour drive to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness to give birth or for specialist treatment have not been able to travel at all, because the roads have been closed owing to the terrible weather we have had.
Does the Minister share my deep anxiety for any woman who lives over 100 miles from Raigmore Hospital?
I share the hon.
Member’s concerns and agree that those long distances are not acceptable, but it tells us all we need to know about the NHS in rural Scotland.
NHS Highland has said that it will need to substantially reduce spend following the SNP Government’s budget in December.
The SNP Government are taking a slash-and-burn approach to the rural NHS across Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn statement 2023 on the Scottish economy.
The autumn statement supported families and set out measures to grow the Scottish economy.
With a stronger fiscal outlook, the Government have the space to cut taxes for hard-working people and businesses.
That is highlighted by cuts to national insurance, benefiting 2.4 million people in Scotland, and the extension of full expensing, ensuring that the UK has one of the most competitive business tax regimes in the world.
Order.
Will Members please not walk in front of other Members while they are asking questions?