Barely a part of Oxford West and Abingdon was unaffected by the recent floods, but Abingdon remains unprotected.
In 2007, we were promised a plan, which was cut because of a lack of resources for the EA.
It is not just the River Thames; it is also the run-off from the new developments, where huge numbers of houses have been built.
What is the Cabinet Office doing to connect DEFRA with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities so that the developers, who have promised to clear the culverts, can be forced by the local authorities to do so?
As the hon.
Lady will have heard me say earlier, the Cabinet Office has a co-ordinating role that brings together lead Government Departments and local responders.
It would be under that guise that different Government Departments would meet to discuss issues of the sort that she describes.
Even by the standards of what we are accustomed to in the northern isles, the last week has been exceptionally disruptive.
I associate myself with the previous expressions  of gratitude to the road staff, electricity engineers and others who have gone about their jobs, and to those who are responding even though it is not part of their job.
The response of farmers, who just get on with clearing the snow with a bucket on the front of their tractor, has been phenomenal.
Is this not a moment to pause and reflect that some of the changes proposed in other parts of Government could weaken our resilience?
The switch-off of the copper wire network for telephones and the proposed increase in the response time of the search and rescue helicopter provided by the coastguard from 15 minutes to 60 minutes will leave us in a worse position if they are allowed to happen.
Can the Cabinet Office do something to ensure that they are not?
I have landed at Tingwall airport in a storm in the summer, and that was frightening enough.
You would not have done that last week!
No. One can only imagine what it has felt like in the Shetlands over the past week or so.
My sympathies are with the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents.
To his point about general resilience, the Government are trying to take a whole-system approach to understand exactly how we can work with emergency responders and those who are responsible for our national infrastructure.
We are making progress, but there are always areas in which we can do more work.
As both the Minister and the shadow Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden) , pointed out, this is the latest in a series of storms that we have faced.
In October, St Andrews harbour was significantly damaged as a result of the sea surges following Storm Babet.
The harbour is run by a trust that dates from when James VI of Scotland granted the land to the people of the town, but as a result of the community ownership fund that the Government have run, and other funds generally, more and more of our assets are owned and run by local communities, which when faced with this kind of disaster have no source of funding to access support.
Do the Government agree that they should be looking at ensuring that funding is in place, because St Andrews is a working harbour that is facing £3 million in costs.
Without the repairs being made, there is a risk of other parts of the town being affected in the future.
I am pleased to have learned something about St Andrews harbour.
I am sure that colleagues in other Government Departments, including DLUHC, are considering those issues.
Community-owned assets can be a wonderful thing.
It is important that assets such as local ports are governed by people who really understand the towns and cities in which they are based.
I am happy to take that forward.