I wholeheartedly join my hon.
Friend in thanking Pam and everyone at Compassion in Action for the work that they do.
At the heart of our approach to health is a recognition that Government action is essential for improving health outcomes in the country, and that Government acting alone will not be sufficient.
That is why working with the voluntary sector, employers, trade unions, community groups and all of us as individual citizens is vital for tackling health inequalities and improving care in our country.
I would be delighted to ensure that one of the team pays a visit to the charity as soon as possible.
Stuart Anderson, welcome back.
Community hospitals can reduce pressure on major hospitals, especially in rural communities such as mine.
Will the Secretary of State lay out his plans to support community hospitals in South Shropshire?
At the heart of this Government’s approach is investment in, and reform of, the NHS to ensure that we deliver better outcomes for patients.
That means the biggest devolution of power in the history of the NHS with more decisions taken closer to patients and to their communities, and more power in the hands of patients, too.
Community hospitals have a vital role to play, and thanks to this Government’s decision to deliver £26 billion more into our NHS—opposed by the Conservative party—we will no doubt be able to make further and faster progress.
In my constituency there is an ageing population in need of local healthcare services.
Will the Secretary of State meet his Scottish counterpart to discuss the need for increased access to community healthcare, and specifically the need for a new health and care centre within my constituency?
The hon.
Member will be delighted to know that only last week I met with my counterparts in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to talk about how we can work together to improve health and care throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
She will know that health is devolved, but thanks to the decisions taken by this Labour Government, the Scottish Government have just been delivered the biggest financial settlement since devolution began.
That might mean that they finally make some progress on their waiting lists in Scotland, where one in six Scots are on a waiting list and the SNP is on its fifth NHS reform plan in four years.
What steps his Department is taking to support GPs to spend more time with patients.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that we have recruited over 1,500 additional GPs since October through an investment of £82 million, helping to fix the front door to the NHS.
Today we have announced £100 million to unlock new capacity and more appointments in GP surgeries.
We have also launched a red tape challenge and scrapped unnecessary targets in our new GP contract to cut down on bureaucracy and free up time to spend with patients.
My constituents in Halesowen have written to me time and again complaining that they are calling their GP surgeries at 8 am, as instructed, but are still unable to get a same-day appointment.
Can the Minister set out how the £100 million investment in GP surgeries, consulting rooms and other facilities will finally put an end to the frustrating 8 am scramble?
I absolutely share the frustrations of my hon.
Friend and his constituents.
The investment made today was in response to GPs telling us that they needed more space; the investment will lead to more capacity and better access and outcomes for his constituents.
Today’s announcement was only possible thanks to the decisions made in the October Budget, which were opposed by every party opposite.
The choice is clear: investment in our NHS with Labour, or cuts with the Tories and Reform.
My constituent Dr Toby Nelson, an NHS consultant dermatologist, has started a business that seeks to address the heavy demand on primary care for skin health screening.
His business Map
My Mole sends an image capture kit to patients to attach to their smartphones.
The patients then send a high-resolution image remotely to be reviewed by a specialist consultant, bypassing the need for a GP appointment and freeing up time and resources for both doctor and patient.
It has already resulted in a significant drop in skin cancer referrals in pilot GP surgeries.
Will the Minister agree to meet Dr Nelson and me to discuss this revolutionary proposal?
The hon.
Lady raises what sounds like an extremely interesting scheme.
She will know that we have a strong commitment in our 10-year plan to shift from hospital to community, and indeed from analogue to digital.
The digital aspects of that scheme sound very interesting, so I would be more than happy to take further representations from her.
What steps he is taking to improve eye healthcare through the 10-year health plan.
My hon.
Friend is an outstanding campaigner on this issue, as I am sure everybody across the House is aware.
She will know that the NHS England accelerator pilots have shown how improved IT connectivity and a single point of access can speed up eye care referrals and allow more patients to be managed in the community.
That is a great example of the shift we want to make from analogue to digital.
We are developing the 10-year  health plan with input from the public, our partners and health staff, and that of course includes the eye care sector.