My hon.
Friend is right that early intervention is crucial, and the interface between the high street and secondary care is a vital part of that.
That means having a joined-up eye health strategy.
The 10-year plan will have that joined-up strategy at its heart.
She will be pleased to know that, since July, ophthalmology waiting lists have dropped by 24,000, so change has begun.
There is still a long way to go to dig us out of the mess left by the Conservative party, but it is thanks to the decisions that the Government have made, opposed by Opposition parties, that we are beginning to see that change gaining traction.
Another part of the 10-year health plan is the use of digital technology.
Auto-contouring with artificial intelligence reduces waiting times and frees up capacity for radiotherapists, which is why £15.5 million was allocated to it under the Conservative Government; money that has been cut under the Minister’s Government.
Why?
I think that the right hon.
Gentleman is referring to the single point of access digital technology, which is game changing in terms of improving the interface between high street and secondary care.
It is probably worth reminding him that the question is about eye care.
We are absolutely committed to single point of access technology, which we believe can be game-changing technology and is a vital part of our shift from analogue to digital.
The president of the Royal College of Ophthalmologists has stated that the widespread outsourcing of NHS cataract surgery to private, for-profit providers risks the integrity of hospital eye surgery departments meaning that there will be few services to treat patients with preventable blindness.
How can we reassure the public that such services will be maintained?
Although the independent sector clearly has an important role to play in tackling waiting lists and backlogs, we will not tolerate any overpriced or sub-par care, and we will not tolerate any distortion of patient choice.
The recently published partnership agreement between NHS England and the Independent Healthcare Provider Network commits to ending incentives that can lead to that, and to supporting equal access and genuine choice for all patients.
We are working together to deliver on that.
NHS Sussex ICB is one of only five in England not to commission a minor eye conditions service—known as MECS—in community optometry settings.
That means that patients in Chichester with urgent or minor eye issues have to either join the 8 am queue for a GP appointment or go to their hospital rather than being seen quickly on the high street.
Given that 99.9% of MECS patients elsewhere in England are seen within 24 hours, will the Minister set out what action he is taking to ensure that those services are commissioned consistently across all ICBs within the 10-year health plan?
ICBs are responsible for the commissioning of these services, which are clearly extremely important, and the early intervention side of eye care is particularly important.
I would be more than happy to look into that issue with the hon.
Lady’s ICB if she wrote to me and made further representations.
Whether he has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government on the interaction between mayors and integrated care boards, in the context of the English devolution White Paper.
Our mission-driven approach to this issue means that we are working with all Departments to deliver an NHS fit for the future.
We expect integrated care boards to work closely with their mayors to maximise public health and contribute to the Government’s health and growth missions.
Funding and delivery of a GP surgery for Wixams in my constituency continues to fall between the cracks of developers, local councils and the local ICB.
Does the Minister agree that to break those deadlocks and build the infrastructure that our communities require, new mayors should have the power to direct ICBs, making locally elected politicians responsible rather than unelected quangos?
The hon.
Member tempts me slightly on local accountability, on which he has been a strong campaigner.
As he knows from meeting me, I agree that it is important that such local bodies respond properly so that where there are expansions of housing, which we want to see, they are supported by local infrastructure.
I am happy to come back to him with any further detail.
Norfolk and Waveney integrated care board is consulting once again on closing Norwich’s walk-in centre.
It asked the same question two years ago and the city and Norfolk said, “No, we want to save our walk-in centre.”
Does the Minister agree on the importance of walk-in centres, and in the context of devolution, how will we ensure that ICBs heed what residents say?
My hon.
Friend is right to campaign on behalf of her constituents to make sure that more services are delivered in communities.
We want to see services brought out of hospital and into local communities.
It is up to the ICB to decide how those are commissioned,  but we will certainly make sure that, as part of our commitments under our 10-year plan, we see more of those sorts of services working together in neighbourhoods.
What plans he has to reform NHS health and social care services.
People deserve the very best health and care.
Our plan for change is already bringing waiting lists down.
Our 10-year plan for health will set out how we improve access and make the three shifts that I described earlier, so that the NHS is fit for the future.
At the same time, we are rebuilding adult social care now and for the future.
Baroness Casey’s independent commission has launched, and it will set out through its work how we will create a national care service.
All that is made possible thanks to the investment decisions taken by the Chancellor in her Budget.
That investment was opposed by the Conservative party, which shows that only Labour can be trusted to invest in and modernise our NHS.
Last week, the Centre for Young Lives published a report on the state of mental health support for children and young people across England.
It outlines that despite an ongoing crisis in mental health among young people, “There remains a 55% treatment gap” between adult and children’s mental health, and that “fewer than 10%...of ICBs have a dedicated strategy” for supporting children’s mental health.
Will the Secretary of State consider strengthening statutory guidance for ICBs to ensure they assess the local need of children and young people, publish treatment gap data on an ongoing basis, and create joined-up, community-based mental health support for our young people?
Young people’s mental health is a priority for this Government.
That is why we set out in our manifesto our commitment to making sure that mental health support is available in every primary and secondary school in the country.
We have walk-in mental health services in every community, and we invest in the mental health workforce, so that we can cut waiting times.
I am also working closely with the Secretary of State for Education to make sure that our education and health services work together, so that children get the very best start in life, and so that we look after mind, body, soul, aspiration and futures.
The Chancellor increased the cost of employing people in social care by raising national insurance contributions for social care employers, and then exempted NHS employers from those increased costs.
When will this Government properly support social care and relieve the sector from pressures caused by the Chancellor under this Government?
Thanks to the decisions taken by this Chancellor, we are putting £26 billion more into health and social care.
Thanks to the decisions taken by this Chancellor, the spending power of local authorities has risen.
Thanks to the decisions taken by this Chancellor, we have delivered the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance since the 1970s.
Thanks to the decisions taken by this  Chancellor, we have significantly increased the disabled facilities grant, not just last year but this year.
That is the investment delivered by a Labour Government, and opposed by the Conservatives and Reform, and it shows that only Labour can be trusted with our NHS.
You will have another chance in a minute!
I call the shadow Minister.
This Government have been in power for 10 months.
Two months ago, Labour postponed the cross-party talks on social care.
When will they be rescheduled?
As I have announced to the House, Baroness Casey’s independent commission is up and running.
She is making contact with parties across the House as part of the work of her commission, and it is for her to decide the basis on which she engages with parties.
I look forward to working with parties at the conclusion of the process.