I am grateful to the Secretary of State for the work that he and his team have done to reduce NHS waiting times month on month for the last six months.
However, the backlog that grew under the last Conservative Government is still impacting on my constituents.
I have listened to  countless constituents who have told me about the upsetting impact of long waiting times for an ADHD diagnosis for children.
That is having a detrimental knock-on impact on access to support, including child and adolescent mental health services and shared care agreements, and there is a lack of support for adopted children.
I welcome the news that waiting lists have gone down, but will the Secretary of State set out how his work will be targeted at bringing down waiting lists for ADHD diagnoses in my constituency, to ensure consistency in diagnosis rates across trusts?
I am so grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Education, who is leading cross-Government work in that area.
We have a taskforce that is specifically looking at the issues that my hon.
Friend raises, and together we are looking to ensure that our education and health services are better joined up to meet the needs of young people.
I am working with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  and drawing on his experience to look at how we can improve the health and care of care-experienced young people and young adults.
I hope we will have lots of progress to report on those issues.
One way to reduce the backlogs is to reduce or put an end to health tourism in this country, whereby people come to this country, get their treatment, and then nip back to where they come from.
Does the Secretary of State think it is a good idea that people entering this country should provide evidence of health insurance or be refused entry?
When any of us travel abroad, we expect to take out travel insurance and pay for our healthcare needs overseas, and that is the standard that we expect for visitors to our country.
We have lots more to do to improve on that front.
I deplore the comments made by the hon.
Gentleman’s party leader, who said that he does not support a taxpayer-funded NHS for the British people.
He might want that debate, and the Leader of the so-called Opposition says that she wants that debate, but as far as Labour is concerned, we are clear about where we stand.
Under Labour, the NHS will always be a national health service, publicly funded and free at the point of use.
What steps he is taking to reduce the reliance of the NHS on private healthcare providers.
This Government are taking a hard-headed approach to cutting waiting times.
We are investing an extra £26 billion in our NHS, and where the independent sector has spare capacity, we will pay to get NHS patients treated faster and free at the point of use.
So far, our approach to investment and reform has cut waiting lists by more than 200,000.
Perhaps the hon.
Member will tell us how it is going in Scotland.