Let me join the shadow Minister in paying tribute to all those who work tirelessly to keep our country safe.
It is one of the greatest privileges of this particular role that we have the opportunity to serve in government, as Conservative Members will also have done, and to work closely alongside those incredibly committed members of the police and the intelligence services; we owe them a debt of gratitude.
I am also grateful for the opportunity that the shadow Minister has afforded me to offer our thanks for the work that was done by the previous Government, both in introducing the National Security Act 2023, which has proved to be an incredibly valuable tool, and in creating CTOC, which is delivering very significant operational value.
I can absolutely give an assurance that this Government, like the previous one, will continue to invest in that institution.
The shadow Minister made an important point about transparency, and I can give him the reassurances that he seeks.
He and the House will understand that we are just a couple of days on from those arrests that took place on Saturday.
The Home Secretary will provide a further update as soon as we are operationally able to do so.
I give the shadow Minister a commitment that we will be as transparent as possible while of course ensuring that we do not cut across live counter-terrorism operations.
The shadow Minister mentioned proscription, and I understand why.
I know that he will acknowledge—or at least I hope that he will—that on  4 March  I announced a very strong suite of measures designed to most effectively address the nature of the threat that we face from Iran.
Contained within those measures was a request from the Home Secretary for Jonathan Hall, who I know is held in very high regard because of the experience and credibility that he has in this area, to look very carefully at the legislative framework that might enable us to more effectively proscribe state-based entities.
I can confirm that Mr Hall has completed his report and that the Home Secretary and I are considering it very carefully.
It will be published shortly.
I assure the shadow Minister that we will not hesitate to act if there is a requirement to bring forward further measures.