I fear that many will have found the Minister’s answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Windsor (Jack Rankin)  disappointing.
He highlighted that the previous Government committed to the headline recommendation of the cross-party birth trauma inquiry led by  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  and the former Member for Stafford, Theo Clarke, who has recently written about her experiences in a book, and in the Daily Mail called for a national maternity improvement strategy.
No equivalent commitment has been made by this Government.
Let us try again: will the Minister commit without any equivocation to implementing the inquiry’s recommendation to produce a national maternity improvement strategy?
To be clear for the shadow Secretary of State, the Secretary of State is continuing to look at all those recommendations and consider how best to respond.
We now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Too many families in Shropshire have suffered the agonising loss of a baby following the scandal at Shrewsbury and Telford hospital NHS trust.
The Care Quality Commission rates 65% of trusts as inadequate or requiring improvement for maternity safety, and the taxpayer forked out a staggering £1.15 billion in compensation for maternity failings last year.
With the £100 million put aside to deal with unsafe staffing no longer ringfenced, can the Minister reassure us that those safe staffing levels will remain on our maternity wards?
I know the Liberal Democrat spokesperson follows this issue very closely in her own local community.
As she knows, we are committed to ensuring that the recommendations of the reviews are fully implemented as part of that three-year plan, but I gently say to her that the Liberal Democrat party has consistently opposed the extra £26 billion that this Government raised to  support the wider health service.
Without that extra funding and the decisions that the Chancellor has made, we would not be able to make the progress that we are now starting to see.
What steps he is taking to shift care from hospitals into the community.
What steps he is taking to shift care from hospitals into the community.
Despite my best efforts, may I welcome  the hon.
Member for Runcorn and Helsby (Sarah Pochin)  to her place?
Being a Member of Parliament is a privilege, and I know how special it is to sit on these Benches having been sent here by constituents.
Regardless of our political differences, I wish her well personally.
As part of our 10-year plan for health, we want to deliver a real shift in the centre of gravity in the NHS, so that people get more care closer to home and, indeed, in their home, too.
The NHS is as much a neighbourhood health service as a national health service.
We have already made progress in shifting care to the community: providing more than £889 million in funding for GPs; agreeing the GP contract for the first time since the pandemic; and recruiting more than 1,500 GPs on to the frontline.
Our 10-year plan will set out how we will continue to transform the NHS into a neighbourhood health service.
I am deeply concerned about the quality of healthcare for people experiencing homelessness in my constituency of Bournemouth West.
HealthBus, a local charity, is doing great work in getting out into the community to treat people where they are and to prevent them from having to go into hospital, but it is not getting the funding that it needs and has discovered serious discrepancies in the way that the local integrated care board commissions services, particularly in relation to health inequalities.
Can the Secretary of State tell me how this Government are prioritising health outcomes for people experiencing homelessness, and will he meet me and HealthBus to discuss how we can support its important work?
The founding mission of the NHS was to be there for people whenever they fall ill, so that they never have to worry about the bill.
Unfortunately, thanks to the disaster and the failures of 14 years of Conservative Government, too many people in our country today experience the fear that Nye Bevan sought to eradicate.
As my hon.
Friend would expect, tackling health inequalities for homeless people and other vulnerable groups is central to the values of this Labour Government.
Those values will be reflected in our 10-year plan for health.
I would be delighted to hear from her further on what we can do to improve services in her area.