The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment he has made of the potential merits of implementing a national maternity improvement strategy.
We expect all women to be shown the utmost care and respect when receiving maternity and neonatal care.
This year’s planning guidance requires integrated care boards and providers to deliver the key actions in this final year of NHS England’s three-year delivery plan.
It is clear from listening to the harrowing stories of bereaved and harmed families, however, that we must do more.
The Secretary of State is urgently considering the significant action needed to ensure that all women and babies receive the care they deserve.
Last year’s birth trauma inquiry report exposed that maternity services in this country are woefully underfunded, and now the Health Secretary intends to cut the budget for maternity improvement from £95 million to just £2 million, equating to less than £4 per child born in this country each year.
What kind of change is that?
What message will that send to mothers across the country?
Does the Secretary of State plan to implement any of the recommendations from the birth trauma inquiry report, many of which were committed to by the previous Government?
The hon.
Gentleman is not correct: maternity funding is not ringfenced at the same level—I think that is what he is referring to.
It has, however, absolutely been committed to as far as ICB allocations are concerned.
Local leaders will decide how best to allocate that money.
We will continue to work with Donna Ockenden and the families who have been affected  by previous incidents and ensure that the recommendations of her report and the maternity review are fully implemented.
As colleagues will be aware, there is a consistent failure in maternity units to listen to women and put their experiences—and quite often their pain during childbirth—at the heart of driving improvements.
What assurances can the Minister give us that women’s experiences and voices will be at the heart of any maternity improvement strategy that the Government focus on?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that point, which has been found in all the reviews that have been undertaken.
It is completely unacceptable.
That is why the Secretary of State has continued to meet families and hear their experiences to ensure that we learn from them, continue to support the implementation of those recommendations and, crucially, ensure that women’s voices are taken forward as part of our 10-year plan.