I am sorry for the experience that my hon.
Friend’s constituent has had, and he highlights a really important aspect of the patient journey through the system.
I want him and the House to be assured that we are looking at the entire patient journey, both into hospital and between hospitals.
We are determined to improve patient experience and quality of care, and to get back the patient satisfaction that was squandered by the last Government.
What steps he is taking to tackle hospital backlogs.
Reducing hospital backlogs is a key priority in this Government’s plan for change, as the 18-week standard for elective care has not been met for almost a decade.
Our elective reform plan sets out how we will return to that standard by the end of this Parliament, through a combination of investment and reform.
Since July, the waiting list has reduced by over 219,000 and we have delivered an extra 3 million appointments, exceeding our manifesto pledge and doing it earlier than planned.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his answer and for the progress made, but there is still more to do.
My constituent in Newcastle-under-Lyme has recently been recovering from brain surgery at the Royal Stoke university hospital.
However, she has faced multiple setbacks due to failures in the duty of care, including scalding injuries and a severely mishandled admission process.
She is now receiving the correct care, but she had to wait many months to be admitted to the correct ward, and has been given limited time for rehabilitative treatment.
Does the Secretary of State agree that to tackle backlogs, our hospitals must have the resources they need to provide the right care the first time round, so that patients are given the time and support to fully and effectively recover?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, and horrified to hear about his constituent’s experience.
This Government will never brush problems under the carpet or pretend that things are better than they are, and I know that for all the progress we have made in the past 10 months, there is still so much more to do.
When we publish our 10-year plan for health, we must ensure that quality and safety are at the heart of every patient interaction.
My hon.
Friend is right about the need for investment.
That is why we are investing £26 billion in the NHS and social care, and why it is so disappointing that the Opposition parties voted against it.
On a recent visit to the breast unit of the Royal United hospital in Bath, specialists told me about a red flag system that could help to speed up care.
If someone has a red flag symptom, such as a lump or a bleeding nipple, the triage team can book them straight into the breast clinic, rather than waiting to see a GP.
Does the Secretary of State support such an approach?