I take the Select Committee seriously, and I will look carefully at its report, but the shadow Minister has some brass neck.
He mentions this Government having been in office for 10 months, but the Conservatives had more than 10 years in office, and we are picking up the pieces from the mess they left behind.
That is why they were kicked out of government, and why they are being kicked out of opposition.
Looking at this lot, I think: this must be how the islanders felt, looking at the dodo.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of access to emergency dentistry.
We are already rolling out our manifesto commitment of 700,000 extra urgent dental appointments per year.
These appointments are available across the country for those experiencing painful dental issues such as infections, abscesses or cracked or broken teeth.
We are committed to reforming the dental contract and making NHS dentistry fit for the future.
The dental contract imposed in 2006 is widely recognised as a key factor driving dentists out of the NHS.
In my constituency of Stratford-on-Avon, there are no NHS dentists currently taking on new patients, and existing NHS patients are being actively pressured to go private or seek care out of county.
Will the Minister commit to urgent reform of NHS dentistry, and set out a timeline for negotiations, so that I can reassure my constituents?
The hon.
Member is right to say that the dental contract is fundamentally flawed and needs reform.
I met representatives of the British Dental Association on  8 April , and had a productive discussion with them about dental contract reform.
Officials from the Department of Health and Social Care are working hard with the BDA and other stakeholders to develop a dental contract that works for patients, for dental professionals and for the public purse.
I will of course keep her and the House updated.
I know this issue is of huge importance to the country, and to every Member of this House.
It is a year today since I was sworn into this House, and every single week, someone has raised with me the issue of getting access to an NHS dentist in Blackpool.
Nowhere is taking on adults, and nowhere is looking after pregnant women.
This has to change, so can the Minister outline to my constituents when they will be able to get access to an NHS dentist under this Labour Government?
There is no perfect payment system.
We have to look at the issue around units of dental activity, and at options around capitation and sessional payments, and come to a conclusion about what works and about how to ensure that everything that we commit to NHS dentistry is spent on NHS dentistry.
We are in a mad situation in which, although demand for NHS dentistry is going through the roof, we have an underspend every year on the contract.
We have to fix that.
It will take some time to work that out with the British Dental Association and other key stakeholders.
What is tragic about this situation is that the Conservatives had 14 years to fix the situation and left it in a terrible mess.
What steps he is taking to improve perinatal mental health provision.
I commend my hon.
Friend for her work on such an important topic; I know it is very personal to her.
Specialist perinatal and maternity mental health services are available across England, providing vital support to parents before, during and after pregnancy, including increased access to evidence-based psychological therapies.
We are training thousands more midwives to better support women throughout pregnancy, with mother and baby units and community services providing postnatal support.
Tomorrow is World Maternal Mental Health Day, recognising the particular challenges that some mums face from pregnancy to birth, and after birth.
I commend the Secretary of State and his team for their rapid work to get the NHS delivering better for patients again.
As they develop the 10-year plan for the NHS, what measures will be taken to ensure that all women facing perinatal mental health challenges can access the right psychological support, and that there is no postcode lottery?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in recognising the importance of supporting women’s health throughout pregnancy and into parenthood on Maternal Mental Health Day.
We are committed to improving the  support available, and it will form an important part of our 10-year plan.
We are investing £126 million in family hubs and Start for Life services, to support parents from pregnancy to their child’s early childhood, and we will continue to work with her on this.