In his statement to the House just after Christmas, the Secretary of State acknowledged that cross-party consensus is essential to delivering meaningful social care reform.
The Liberal Democrats support him in that endeavour, but we still do not have a date for those cross-party meetings, so will he give us one now?
Dates for meetings with the commission are now a matter for the independent commission.
West Cumbria, like many parts of the UK, is a dental desert.
In some communities, urgent dental access centres have proved to be a real success at building up dental services, so will the Minister support my campaign to introduce an urgent dental access centre in west Cumbria?
The Government have launched a scheme to provide 700,000 urgent dental appointments.
There are 57,500 allocated to my hon.
Friend’s integrated care board.
He will know that ICBs are responsible for commissioning primary care services based on the needs of the population, but I know that he is a strong campaigner for his constituents.
I understand that his dialogue with his ICB on this matter has been positive and constructive, and I am sure that he will continue to fly the flag.
The chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives has said that the axing of the maternity safety ringfenced pot would be a “wrecking ball” to the efforts being made to improve maternity safety.
Just a single or a small group of babies being spared lifelong disability would pay for the cost of that ringfenced pot many times over.
I know that the Secretary of State cares about this matter deeply, so will he reconsider?
The funding is still there, but as many people have urged me, including the right hon.
Gentleman, we are taking the decision to give more freedom and flexibility to independent care boards, systems and providers to determine how they can best spend NHS resources on services to improve patient care, safety and outcomes.
Everyone will know that maternity safety is understandably a priority for this Government.
We expect the NHS to deliver on maternity safety standards and will hold it to account on that.
Residents in Theale and across my constituency tell me time and again how hard it is to get a GP appointment, which causes distress and sometimes dangerous delays.
Will the Secretary of State outline how his programme of reform and investment will end the 8 am scramble for good and deliver more GP appointments for my constituents?
My hon.
Friend will know that we have hired 1,500 more GPs, which will help with access.
We have also renegotiated the contract, so there will be online booking systems in every practice in the country, and we have changed the contract to incentivise continuity of care in order to bring back the family doctor.
There is a suite of reforms coupled with investment, which I hope will deliver for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
One of the great frustrations for medical professionals and patients alike is when patients have appointments but do not turn up.
What action will the Secretary of State take to ensure that the system penalises people who miss appointments, so that patients can get the treatment they need when they need it?
We are absolutely convinced that better use of digital tools will enable us to reduce the number of missed appointments significantly and factor in the likelihood of no-shows, so that we can reduce waste and eliminate inefficiency.
I understand the case for penalties that the hon.
Gentleman is making, but that is not a route we want to go down until we have made those improvements and judged how effective they have been.
Far too many promises made by the last Government—promises that care would be moved out of hospitals and into the community—turned out to be hollow.
From speaking to residents in Dartford, I know that hospital and community services have struggled to keep pace with new housing developments in the constituency.
I am pleased to say that later this year in Dartford we will be seeing an expansion of our state-of-the-art community diagnostic centre, taking care closer to where people live.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is the start of Labour getting on with finally delivering that big shift, and will he visit Dartford with me— Order.
I think Ministers have got the message.
If they have not by this stage, I would be surprised.
Who is answering?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that this is exactly the sort of thing that is being rolled out across the country, and that we are committed to delivering care closer to where his residents live.
Residents in Mid Bedfordshire are concerned about the standards of maintenance at our two local hospitals.
What action are the Government taking to support our hospitals in Luton and Bedford to catch up on maintenance backlogs?
Thanks to the investment that the Chancellor committed to, we are investing in the NHS estate, which is in a sorry state.
I am afraid that that is an investment that the hon.
Gentleman did not vote for, and his constituents will be fuming when they find out who was responsible.
I recently heard from Chelsea, a constituent of mine, who raised concerns about her grandmother Anna’s care.
After a delayed discharge, she was released with  the wrong equipment, which sadly resulted in her falling out of bed and sustaining a further injury.
Ensuring that patients are discharged in a safe and timely manner is key to continuing the Department’s significant progress in cutting waiting lists for treatment, so what steps is the Secretary of State taking to promote integrated working between services to support discharge into the community for patients?
I am extremely sorry to hear about that particular case.
It is really important that we support and facilitate better discharge, which is why we are reforming the better care fund and looking to better integrate health and social care services through our 10-year plan.
I would be delighted to hear further from my hon.
Friend about what we can do to improve in his area.
I have a constituent who has broken and rotting teeth.
His GP referred him to the local dental hospital, but he has been refused treatment because the hospital said that the surgeon would take a referral only from a dentist, which my constituent and many others in Somerset just do not have.
What does the Minister suggest my constituent should do to stop the pain?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we now have a commitment to providing 700,000 more urgent dental appointments.
Those who do not have an NHS dentist can call 111 and will be prioritised.
We are very clear that every integrated care board has a target within those 700,000 appointments, and if they are not hitting that target, we will want to know why.
As someone with ADHD, it is disappointing to hear from many of my constituents about difficulties in accessing diagnosis, medication and other therapeutic inputs for ADHD, and the impact on their lives and livelihoods as a result.
Whether for children or adults, waits of two, five or seven years are becoming the norm.
What steps are the Government taking to make sure that individuals can exercise their right to choose?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for improving support for ADHD and recognise the valuable perspective that she brings through her lived experience.
This Government inherited a broken NHS, with too many people facing long waits for an assessment.
NHS England’s ADHD taskforce is looking at how support for people with ADHD can be improved.
I look forward to reading its report, and I recently had a very productive meeting with the director of that taskforce.
The Government have committed to providing 700,000 extra emergency dental appointments, but in the midlands the units of dental activity rate is just 83% and there is no additional funding for the integrated care boards.
Will the Minister therefore give assurance to my constituents that he will fully deliver on that promise?
I give the hon.
Member that assurance.
We have been clear that every ICB has a target, and that was transparently published, and we will be monitoring it.
I am holding regular meetings with officials to check  that every single ICB is on track to hit those targets.
If ICBs are not on track to hit those targets, we will want to know why.
Earlier this year, I met the Cockermouth and Maryport primary care network, which told me about the increasing challenge of supporting my constituents with their mental health.
Has the Secretary of State considered relaxing the additional roles reimbursement scheme funding rules to allow mental health nurses to be employed wholly by a PCN, and not need to be under the employment of a local mental health trust?
That flexibility could help GP practices to intervene earlier and reduce referrals to secondary care quickly.
We have, in fact, relaxed the rules on ARRS so that a mental health worker can be employed by the PCN.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that that is an important part of stepping from hospital to community, but there is more we can do on that.
We continue to do whatever we can to ensure that mental health and GP surgeries are actively integrating.
Getting It
Right First Time is a clinician-led programme that leads on improvement and transformation.
Can the Secretary State give reassurance that in any restructuring of NHS England, that programme will not just be continued, but expanded and still available to the devolved Administrations?
I am absolutely willing to give the hon.
Member that commitment, and I know he worked on this programme in his previous role in Northern Ireland.
It is delivering results, and we want to see results.
We want to take the best to the rest of the NHS, and we absolutely want to work together across the United Kingdom to make sure that all our residents benefit from the programme.
Lung cancer causes more deaths in Scotland than anywhere else in the UK.
In England, early detection programmes are under way, and by 2028 every patient is likely to gain access to screening.
In Scotland, doctors tell me that that programme is a distant dream.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the SNP is failing Scottish patients and Scottish healthcare professionals?
This UK Government are getting on with the task of fighting this deadly cancer.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We are making great strides in developing our cancer plans.
We will be launching a national cancer plan later this year, and the targeted lung cancer screening programme has been particularly effective.
The SNP has had a record settlement for Holyrood, and we expect the Scottish Government to deliver.
If they cannot, I am sure that Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie would be willing to take over.
Yesterday’s report from the Health and Social Care Committee is explicit that we cannot build an NHS fit for the future without effectively reforming social care.
Back in January, the Secretary of State promised cross-party talks as well as Baroness Casey’s commission.
He cannot outsource  political leadership to Baroness Casey.
Political will is the sticking point with the reform of social care.
Will he show that leadership and bring the parties together to find the solutions to unblock this crisis?
Since we came into government, we have already taken action on social care with the investment we have put in—the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance and the funding for home adaptations through the disabled facilities grant.
Now that the commission is up and running, there will be cross-party engagement, but it is an independent commission and for Baroness Casey to decide how to engage.
Last week, this Labour Government announced the freezing of prescription charges, putting pounds back in the pockets of people in Derby.
I have visited pharmacies, including the Littleover pharmacy, which provide essential care and support for their communities.
The Conservatives underfunded pharmacies and more than 750 closed across England between 2021 and 2024.
What is the Minister doing to support community pharmacies so that we do not lose these vital local services?
After years of neglect, this Government have agreed with the sector a record uplift to £3.1 billion for 2025-26 for this vitally important front door to our NHS.
We are also supporting pharmacies to operate more efficiently, including enabling hub and spoke dispensing between all pharmacies later this year.
I am pleased to say that the legislation for that has been laid.
What a contrast that is with the previous 14 years.
I am also pleased to see that the National Pharmacy Association has withdrawn its view on taking collective action.
We are moving in the right direction, but there is still a lot more to do.