Mr. THOMPSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Calistoga Library, as it celebrates its 100th year in service to the Calistoga community.
The Calistoga Library has consistently provided our community with education and entertainment catered to all ages, but most important for our youth.
The library's role of informing children in fun and innovative ways has continually inspired a love for learning from one generation to the next.
Cultivating a safe environment for individuals who seek knowledge, Calistoga's library contributes to the lifelong passion for learning that so many of us hold dear.
The Calistoga Library has a rich history in our community.
The library traces its origins back to the 1880s, when the property was rented for just $3.00 a month.
Thanks to the early 20th century efforts of the Calistoga Civics Club, which fundraised for a permanent building to be established for the library, the building we know today as the Calistoga Library was completed in 1924 for $20,000.
Decades of hard work by library staff have seen the library grow from the once rented room above the police station with a handful of paperbacks, to a community center that distributes games, puzzles, and e-books.
The library's services, such as rentals and publicly accessible computers, have adapted with the ever-changing technological advancements of the modern era, displaying the dynamic nature and dedication of countless employees over the years.
In addition to offering an outstanding variety of materials to the people of Calistoga, the library has partnered with public and private agencies to assist in improving lives and the quality of our community.
In collaborating with schools, government agencies, and numerous local businesses over the years, the library has acted as a forum for events that the whole town enjoys.
The past 100 years have tested the resilience of Calistoga: wildfires, social unrest, even pandemics.
With the help of incredible institutions such as the library, our town has navigated one crisis after another and remains stronger than ever.