It is timely that we are having a security update today.
My thoughts and the thoughts of my colleagues are with all those impacted by 9/11 on its anniversary.
I am glad the Deputy Prime Minister mentioned the issues relating to sensitive Government sites and cameras, but Members on both sides of the House had to ask questions on Hikvision for months before the Government took any action.
Will they commit to acting more quickly in future, and will the Procurement Bill, as he states, allow that to happen?
I am glad to hear that the response to the ISC report is coming.
Will the Government also commit to implementing the recommendations of the ISC report on Russian interference in British politics?
Hopefully that response will also come soon.
To turn to some specific questions, when did the Deputy Prime Minister himself learn of these allegations and arrests?
Why did MPs only learn of this from The Times?
Will the Government institute, as soon as possible, a review into the decision-making process that led to MPs not being told, in order that such critical updates are given to MPs in future and that this decision-making process is never allowed to happen again?
Order.
We have to be very careful here.
This is a major security issue and it would be wrong to expect to break all that in order to brief MPs.
The MPs who needed to be told were told and worked very closely on this.
Please, be very careful.
I think my earlier statement addressed some of the points, but, if need be, we can re-address things.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
On the first point that the hon.
Lady raised, we take an evidence-based approach to action.
It is right that Ministers take action not on a hunch or an intuition, but on the basis of detailed analysis provided to us by the agencies and by others.
That is precisely the approach we took in relation to Hikvision and other China-based companies subject to China’s national security laws.
On when I or others learned about this, as Mr Speaker said in a number of the points he made, Members would not expect me to give the House a running commentary on intelligence briefings that I have received, but the House would expect me to be briefed on all matters.
In conclusion, I will make a broader point about parliamentary security.
We have the Parliamentary Security Department and it works very closely with the agencies to support Members of Parliament, including with general advice.
If Members have specific concerns, they can raise those with the PSD.
That is the correct approach, which respects the division between Parliament and Government, and the independence of the House.
These are extremely worrying reports about the level of infiltration of Chinese-supported forces into our democracy.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need to recognise that China is the largest threat, both to the world and to the UK, on freedom and democracy?
Does he not agree that the Government should designate it as such?
May I begin by paying tribute to my right hon.
Friend for all the work she did in this space, particularly when she was Foreign Secretary?
She is absolutely right to say that China represents a systemic challenge to our interests and values, and it is also, for example, the No. 1 state-based threat to our economic security.
The Government are absolutely clear-eyed about the threats that this nation faces and we are robust in taking action.
Indeed, that is why I personally took the decisions in respect of banning Huawei from our 5G networks, and in respect of Chinese CCTV technology and TikTok.
We will continue to take whatever steps are necessary, based on appropriate advice, to provide that protection for our nation and our democratic institutions.
A key part of democracy is the ability to scrutinise the Executive.
As the Chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee said, No. 10’s response to our China report was to pooh-pooh it and say that it was out of date.
I understand  that the Government response was due today but has now been put off.
The defending democracy taskforce has been mentioned.
We have asked for an update on that but are met with radio silence.
The Prime Minister has on his desk our report on international partnerships.
He has had it on his desk for nearly 10 months now.
He usually has 10 days in which to respond, so when will we get that signed off?
May I just say to the Deputy Prime Minister that if he is talking about security and democracy in the terms he has, that has to include proper scrutiny?
There is a long list of examples of where this Government are trying to avoid it.
Proper scrutiny is provided by the Intelligence and Security Committee.
I certainly take the reports produced by the ISC very seriously—[Interruption.]
I am fully aware of the membership of the Committee, to reassure Opposition Members.
It is precisely because we take the recommendations so seriously that the Committee will receive a comprehensive response addressing all these points, including an update on the defending democracy taskforce.
It is appalling news that we have a potential espionage cell operating in and around Westminster.
As a sanctioned individual alongside many of my colleagues, I am particularly perturbed by the news.
Notwithstanding that, this should not perhaps come as a surprise, as the ISC, chaired by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis) , has warned that the Government were ill-prepared and that the necessary security measures were not available.
I ask the Secretary of State a specific question: when was the Foreign Secretary told about the investigation?
Was it before he went to Beijing?
If he went to Beijing with this knowledge, did he raise it with his counterpart there?
It is important to know that.
With respect, it is no good coming to the Dispatch Box and telling us that we do not talk about such matters; the Prime Minister did so yesterday, and the investigation is not complete.
What did the Foreign Secretary do?
I say to the Secretary of State that the problem lies in the mess we have got into over whether we define China as a threat or not?
If it is a threat, why do we not call it that, take the action that is necessary to deal with it on that basis, and sanction some people?
My right hon.
Friend, who is a former Cabinet Minister and current Privy Counsellor, knows full well that the Government do not provide a running commentary on updates and intelligence received by Ministers.
I can assure him that the Foreign Secretary regularly raises electoral interference and interference with our democratic institutions with his Chinese opposite number.
Specific cases, particularly those that are subject to an ongoing police investigation, would not, as is generally the case, be raised.
On the wider principle, we have been robust and clear-eyed in addressing and raising these points with our Chinese opposite numbers.
On the action we have taken, I set out the steps that I took in respect of TikTok and Huawei, and I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend’s support for the  Telecommunications (Security) Act 2021, which we got to a very good place.
There is not just that Act, but the National Security Act 2023, the National Security and Investment Act 2021 and the deployment of the carrier fleet.
All those things have happened in the past short number of years.
They are evidence of the seriousness with which the Government take this threat.
The Deputy Prime Minister said that he holds the Intelligence and Security Committee in very high regard.
On that basis, will he commit to the recommendation that it made in its recent report on China about updating the guidelines of the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments in relation to intelligence and security, particularly referencing China?
How will he ensure that they are enforced?
As I said in answer to a previous question, the full response to the ISC will be coming shortly.
An important point has been raised in respect of ACOBA, for which I have overall ministerial responsibility in the Cabinet Office.
I will take that away and discuss it with the chair of that committee, Sir Eric Pickles, formerly of this House.