As Ministers know, UK unity on Ukraine stays strong and the Government will continue to have Labour’s fullest support on military aid.
Ukrainians are now urgently asking for more to help their current counter-offensive to succeed, and since January, the Prime Minister has repeatedly pledged to accelerate Ukraine’s support.
When will this happen?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know full well that the United Kingdom is probably the lead nation on many fronts among our European peers— financially, in terms of kit and in supporting the people who are conducting the fight against Putin’s aggression.
We will continue to do that, and at the weekend in Düsseldorf, I reiterated that to my Ukrainian counterpart.
I do not think anybody could be in any doubt that the United Kingdom is leading Europe on this front, and we will continue to do so.
But I fear UK leadership on Ukraine is flagging.
The UK Government have committed £4.6 billion, yet Germany has now committed €17 billion.
The UK’s 14 tanks have now been dwarfed by 324 from Poland, and last week’s decision to proscribe Wagner as a terrorist group was taken by the European Union 10 months ago.
Will the Minister accept that we must accelerate UK military support and redouble the UK’s defence diplomacy to maintain western unity and solidarity?
The UK Government prefer action rather than words, and I point to the 20,000 Ukrainians we are training, to Storm Shadow and to the fact that kit is going out the door right now and being used on the ground.
Rhetoric is one thing; action is another.
In that way, I am afraid that the right hon.
Gentleman has to admit that the UK is continuing to lead Europe.
We will certainly do so going forward, and there can be no doubt that Ukrainians themselves appreciate the strength and rigour of UK— Order.
This is topicals; I decide how quick they will be.
I do not need any help from those on the Front Bench.
Can we please make sure we get Back Benchers in?
If not, tell me which one you do not want to allow in.
Continuity of education allowance is an important recruitment and retention facility for the armed forces, but it has not kept up with inflation in recent years.
Can the Minister commit to ensuring that CEA levels are not eroded in the future?
CEA is an important way of making sure that the education of service children is not disrupted.
To that end, I have asked for a review of CEA to make sure it is fit for purpose, and I will have the results of that review later this year.
It is 41 years since the attack on the Sir Galahad in the Falklands conflict in which 56 died and many more were injured.
Ever since, survivors have sought transparency about what happened, but they need documents declassified in full.
Will Ministers commit, like the previous Secretary of State, to read the papers with a view to declassifying?
Will they also meet my constituent Mike Hermanis and other survivors to discuss that?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question.
Yes, I can commit to meet her and her constituent, if she wishes to do so.
A key question from the Ukrainian theatre is about the effectiveness and lethality of emerging drone technology.
What steps are being taken to ensure that NATO has world-class compatible, deployable drones to meet emerging threats?
My hon.
Friend asks an excellent question.
It must be clear to everyone just from what is available on social media that uncrewed air systems, as they are called, have an extraordinary impact in theatre.
I reassure him that we are working on a strategy to look at how we can make the most of this capability to ensure that, above all, we have our own cutting-edge sovereign capability.
The Ajax fighting vehicle is proving to be something of a stealth weapon.
When will the Government produce or provide the House with a statement explaining where we are up to with the project and when it will be delivered to the frontline?
I did give a statement to the House—I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman was present—in which I confirmed that we would learn the lessons of the Sheldon review, but, above all, confirmed the good news that Ajax was with the field Army for regular training.
I hear that that training is going extremely well.
Dealing with the challenges that armed forces families face is vital for strong defence.
I made a promise to many of the families I was privileged to meet during the “Living in our shoes” review that the recommendations would not gather dust.
How can I find out where we are on recommendations 36, 48, 68 and 96, for example?
My hon.
Friend will forgive me if I do not know off the top of my head what those recommendations relate to.
I can say to him that Defence is very fortunate in having him and his colleagues as co-authors of the report on the armed forces family strategy steering group, acting as critical friends and holding Defence to account against the strategy action plan.
I would be more than happy to meet him to go through those recommendations one by one.
What assessment has been made of the extent of the use of reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete within Defence estate buildings?
Has any assessment been made at Faslane naval base?
At the moment, we are not releasing specific details because the work is ongoing, but I assure him and the House on two points.
First, the Defence Infrastructure Organisation has been undertaking a huge amount of work—in fact, there has been work on RAAC in the MOD context since 2019.
Most importantly, we are not aware of any impact from RAAC on service family accommodation.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is vital that we back British military manufacturers?
What steps is he taking to speed up delayed procurement decisions?
Will he visit North Devon to meet some of the innovative suppliers manufacturing here in the UK?
It is good news on both fronts for my hon.
Friend.
First, yes, a lot of work is going on to improve the speed of procurement.
I am also pleased to confirm that I have already a visit planned to her part of the world in a couple of weeks.
I will liaise with her office about meeting those companies.