The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary regularly raise with their Chinese opposite numbers Chinese interference in democratic institutions.
This is an ongoing approach that has been going on for some time.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the defending democracy taskforce, which is led by my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Security.
It reports into the National Security Council, on which I sit, and we receive regular updates on the work that he is doing, working with Departments across Government, not least the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, which is responsible for large elements of electoral integrity, the devolved Administrations, local authorities and other matters.
The purpose of the taskforce is to bring together all those different elements to pursue a whole-of-Government and whole-of-society approach when addressing those threats.
The principal purpose of the investment security unit is to provide advice to me, as the quasi-judicial decision maker, in respect of acquisitions that may invoke national security questions.
I take advice from the unit on whether the Government should intervene, and we have issued 15 directions in respect of acquisitions in the past year.
That is to say we are asking companies to take action, the hardest being to block the acquisition, but it could be some other remedial action.
More than half of those directions are in respect of Chinese companies.
The right hon.
Lady is entirely right to raise the question of critical national infrastructure, on which I have worked very closely with the head of MI5 and others.
Countries around the world are looking again at their critical national infrastructure, particularly in relation to the threat of cyber-crime, which often has a blurred link with hostile states.
I take cyber-crime very seriously, and I chair regular meetings on it.
We are constantly upping the work we do, against a background in which the external threat continues to rise.
The Government will very shortly respond to the ISC’s report.
The draft is with Ministers, and it is about to be signed off.
I hope it will be with the House this week.
The right hon.
Lady rightly raises points about Iran and Russia, particularly in relation to cyber but also across a whole range of issues.
As part of our overall approach, we have done two things.
First, we have tried to give the agencies a public face with which to interface with businesses and private citizens in a whole-of-society approach.
For example, GCHQ now works through the National Cyber Security Centre to advise businesses and individuals on cyber-risks.
Equally, we have just created the National Protective Security Authority, which essentially enables MI5 to interface with businesses and individuals on protective security.
Those agencies, working through the Cabinet Office and particularly with the Home Office and the Foreign Office, work across the range of issues that particularly arise in relation to Iran and Russia.
Although we take this investigation very seriously, and it clearly should be conducted independently, I reassure the right hon.
Lady and the House that the Government are taking a whole-of-society approach across all these issues to strengthen our defences against rising threats.