Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Let me also associate SNP Members with the words of the Minister for the Secretary of State at this sad time.
We also think of Morocco and all those New Yorkers who are remembering today.
We know that the cost of living crisis is affecting us all equally.
The Minister has said some fine words today, but we know that for his party, there is often an inverse relationship between rhetoric and action with regard to our personnel.
Will the Minister tell the House and members of the armed forces what his Government will do to remedy the shameful reality of armed forces personnel being given the lowest pay rise among public servants—a paltry 5%?
I think the hon.
Gentleman may be in error: the lowest paid members of our armed forces were awarded 9.7% by the Armed Forces Pay Review Body, a recommendation that we accepted in full.
Seniors got 5.8% and those of two-star rank and above got 5.5%.
That will give the best pay award to the least well paid in our armed forces.
I disagree on the numbers.
Let us talk about the rhetoric from the right hon.
Gentleman—unless his Government are willing to deal with pay and housing conditions for the armed forces properly.
As the armed forces personnel leave the forces for better-paid jobs, could it not be time to consider the reason that the police were able to secure an almost 50% higher pay rise than our other uniformed public servants?
Was it because they have a statutory body to represent them in dealing with the Government, and why do his Government not support that action?
The hon.
Gentleman has ignored what I have been saying.
He also did not make reference to the freezing of charges for accommodation and food, wraparound childcare and a whole raft of measures that we have introduced to help with the cost of living crisis.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the RAF quick reaction alert stations.
Royal Air Force pilots and ground crew are poised on quick reaction alert 24 hours a day, seven days a week,  all year round, ready to scramble within minutes.
My hon.
Friend would point out quickly that it would be remiss of me to say that that is solely the endeavour of fast jet pilots.
Equally poised are those in his constituency who crew the tankers that must also deploy rapidly to support.
QRA has been launched on five occasions in 2023 with every incident resolved successfully.