I do not think I have had chance from the Dispatch Box to pay a genuine, heartfelt tribute to my immediate predecessor as Deputy Prime Minister.
Having done the job for a few months, I have a particular appreciation of all the work that my right hon.
Friend did when he was in that post.
In respect of the volume of prosecutions and convictions, we seek to be as transparent as we can be with the House.
I am sure it is something that we can take away and look at with a desire to do as my right hon.
Friend asks.
I cannot give him a firm commitment at the Dispatch Box, but if it is possible, I shall seek to do so.
We keep the MOU with the ISC under review.
We do not have any current plans to change it, but we keep it under review.
Yet again, we are watching the horse disappear over the horizon and shutting the stable door behind it.
Every time we act to take on China, everything the Deputy Prime Minister boasts about is always stated reactively.
Just for once, could we get ahead of the curve and take action in relation to genomics and, as I and others have been urging for months now, designate it as part of our critical national infrastructure, so that in a few months’ time, we are not again having to explain another failure?
I say gently to the right hon.
Gentleman that he did serve in government and in Cabinet for five years, from 2010 to 2015, so he and other  Members of his party need to bear some responsibility for the decisions made, although I would think that they would take pride in the decisions that we took.
More recently, under this majority Conservative Government, we have taken a huge range of steps, including passing the National Security Act and the National Security and Investment Act.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a legitimate point about genomics and its relevance to critical national infrastructure.
It is not currently designated as such, but in my role in the Cabinet Office, I keep the register of critical national infrastructure under review, and I am exploring the matter.
May I thank you personally, Mr Speaker, for the care and support you have shown to those of us who have been sanctioned by China?
We are in the frontline of this threat, but I have to say that neither before nor after these revelations has any of us been offered a briefing by the parliamentary security authorities, or by the Foreign Office or Home Office.
In fact, I found out more about this character from my son, who happened to be at university with them, than from anything I have been told formally.
I do not want to mention the current incident, but do want to note that it is now a year on from when MI5 took the almost unprecedented step of issuing a security service interference alert about a character working within Parliament—for which there were no consequences.
It is about a year on from the revelations about the activities of the Chinese consul general in Manchester, who thought it was his job to attack demonstrators—for which there were no expulsions, no consequences.
It is months on from the recent revelations about the activities of the Confucius institutes, which the Government pledged to abolish; there have been no consequences, no abolition—again, nothing has happened.
And it is just a couple of weeks since the Foreign Secretary promised that he would take up the case of the sanctioned MPs and of Jimmy Lai with the Chinese Foreign Minister, yet he came away with nothing—there have been no consequences.
Is not the problem that, for all the tough talk, there are no consequences and the Chinese know that there will be no consequences?
May I ask the Deputy Prime Minister this: will China be in the enhanced tier of the foreign agents registration scheme?
May I deal with the specific question first, and then reflect on the wider points?
We are currently reviewing the countries in the enhanced tier.
I think there is a strong case to be made, but my hon.
Friend would not expect me to make that announcement from the Dispatch Box before we have gone through the proper process.
On my hon.
Friend’s wider points about the parliamentary security directorate, we as a Government stand ready to provide any further support that MPs feel they require.
If my hon.
Friend feels that he requires further briefing, I am very happy to help to facilitate that with the House.
May I extend my genuine sympathy to the two Conservative colleagues who appear to have been targeted by a suspected Chinese  spy who was employed in Parliament and paid for out of public funds?
I do know what they are feeling.
The House will be aware— Order.
I am not sure that is the case.
I think that is quite a bit of speculation.
I would stick to a general question rather than trying to go into the details of what may have happened.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I did say “suspected”.
The House will be aware that the subject of the security alert last year, Christine Lee, was never arrested, has never been charged with spying or, indeed, any other offence, and was said by the previous Home Secretary to have done nothing criminal.
However, there is a court case pending.
I understand that Ms Lee has taken out a civil suit against the Government; will the Deputy Prime Minister update the House on when that case is likely to be heard and what the Government hope to learn from it?
I am not quite sure what to say in response to that question.
In the light of the Lee case and others, that is precisely why we have taken enhanced powers through the new National Security Act.
Although I have to hold back from commenting on individual cases, I am confident that we have much more robust powers under that legislation that will enable us to act.
In its China report, the ISC highlighted the efforts of the Chinese Communist party to influence, co-opt or coerce into silence potential critics of its regime in the UK.
We acknowledged that the Government are waking up to this threat and taking it more seriously, but I highlight to the Minister the fact that we need more urgency.
In particular, I highlight the fact that for years the ISC has been saying that we need a foreign agents registration scheme, and one is now on its way; does the Minister agree that it would have been helpful had it been in operation and on the statute book at the time of the relevant events we are considering today?
My right hon.
Friend raises some very important points, but I just observe that—this applies to a lot of the questions—we have a relationship with China that is very different from the one that we had just a few years ago.
It is important that we are not naive about China, that we are clear-eyed about protecting our national security, that we are clear-eyed about the threats that it represents and that we are robust in taking action.
My right hon.
Friend rightly highlights the foreign agents registration scheme; the secondary legislation under that will come before the House very shortly, which will enable us to take the relevant actions under that legislation.
Actually, the people who have been really clear-sighted about China have mostly been on the Back Benches in this House, on either side and including  the hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton) , and some of them have been sanctioned.
I have been delighted to work with two successive Chairs of the Foreign Affairs Committee, to whom I pay enormous tribute for the outspoken way in which they have pushed the Government towards a more sensible policy on China.
My anxiety is that we still flip-flop all over the place.
This year already we have seen several Foreign Secretaries, apart from anything else, and we have seen them wanting to suck up to China one moment and the next wanting to have robust words with China.
It simply does not work.
Why oh why have we still not declared that China is a threat to UK national security?
Why oh why have we still not seen even the redacted version of the China strategy which, according to the Government, the FCDO developed but which has not even been shared with other Government ministries?
I have great respect for the hon.
Gentleman, as he knows, but I simply do not accept this slightly over-the-top characterisation of the Government’s approach.
We have been consistent.
First, we must protect our national interests in relation to China.
That is why we passed the legislation that I have outlined, why I banned Huawei from our 5G networks and why we banned Chinese technology from surveillance equipment and other matters.
Secondly, it is important that we align with our allies around the world.
I spend a lot of time on this and know that the Foreign Secretary, the Minister for Security and others work very closely with nations around the world, particularly but not confined to the Five Eyes, to make sure that we share our understanding of Chinese intent and take co-ordinated action to protect us, not least through the military It is also the case, though, that we must engage with the Chinese, as we do with many other countries around the world with which we do not share a number of their values.
It is not a realistic position to take to say that we should entirely cut off from engagement with China.
We should engage with China but be absolutely clear about where we disagree with it and clear-eyed in protecting our national security, which is precisely the approach we are taking.
Like my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I cannot wait to be able to discuss the merits of this case, although I understand the situation now.
I want to raise a couple of issues with the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Government are moving, they have done lots of new things and we are getting more coherence, but I do not understand why they keep thinking that we either bury our heads in the sand or effectively go soft on elements of the relationship with China.
We can debate with and engage with China all we like, but we can also do so in an increasingly robust way that answers the threat it presents towards us.