I have complete confidence that quick reaction alert will be resourced.
The highest priority of the air force is to defend the homeland.
I also have complete confidence that the combat air force, as currently structured, is capable of performing a very wide range of duties around the world.
I pay tribute to the work of the Air and Space Commander and his team, who, through work on agile deployment, are finding that we can deploy Typhoon and F-35 ever more quickly to ever more austere operating environments.
That drives the productivity of the force even further.
There is, of course, no question over the quality of combat aircrews, but there is a big question mark over the quantity of aircraft that they can fly.
I want to challenge the Minister on the confidence he has just articulated, because there are serious concerns that our combat aircrew are engaged almost universally in transit and air policing, and have very little aircraft availability to practise proper combat air.
What is his assessment of that concern?
We take very seriously the work that the Defence Committee does; we enjoy reading the Committee’s reports and, as I hope members of the Committee and of the House recognise, often take the findings into policy.
I do push back gently, however, because in addition to the incredible work of QRA and the support the Royal Air Force has given to NATO missions over the last 18 months, since the start of the war in Ukraine, they have also been able to support carrier strike deployments, deployment on Exercise Red Flag, and indeed the deployment of a squadron, below full strength, all the way across to Australia.
That gets to exactly what I told my hon.
Friend  the Member for Witney (Robert Courts) : that this ability to deploy air force with greater agility, further from home, in more austere settings, is a step change for the Royal Air Force, allowing it to operate from more austere environments rather than solely from its home bases.
What steps he is taking to help increase the number of UK-based jobs in the defence sector.
The latest estimates suggest that Ministry of Defence investment supports over 200,000 jobs in industries across the UK.
I believe that the best way to keep growing jobs in defence is to back the British defence industry.
That is why I am delighted to confirm that, this week in London, we are hosting the biggest ever DSEI—Defence and Security Equipment International—showcasing the very best of the British defence industry, with companies large and small.
We should remember that they provide not only prosperity in every part of our country, but the means to defend ourselves in an increasingly contested world.
The Defence Secretary’s predecessor rightly prioritised British jobs over buying off-the-shelf from America, but The Times recently exposed a difference of opinion with the Prime Minister, who insisted on buying American helicopters.
Can the Minister assure the House that the Secretary of State will stand up for British jobs and research and development, or is our only hope to replace him with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) ?
Debate is ongoing in defence procurement, and has been for many years, about the difference between buying off-the-shelf and having our own sovereign capability.
The fact is that, until we brought out the defence and security industrial strategy in 2021, arguably the default position of the MOD was to go primarily for value for money.
Since DSIS, we have a more flexible and balanced approach, seen in many specific procurements, where we give much greater weighting to social value and local content.
This is illustrated in many procurements because, above all, we want to support British jobs and have our own sovereign capability.
My condolences to the Secretary of State.
Babcock is one of the largest defence employers in the country, but as reported in the Sunday press, its record on refits of surface ships is woeful.
It took over four years to refit the Type 23 frigate HMS Iron Duke.
Its record on submarines is even worse, taking seven years to refit a Trident boat.
According to the journal Navy Lookout, which said this online, so presumably the Russians and the Chinese could have read it, a few weeks ago not a single one of our attack submarines was at sea; they were all tied up alongside.
This is deeply embarrassing to the Department and to the Royal Navy, whose admirals are tearing their hair out.
It is Babcock’s fault.
Will Minister get the senior directors of Babcock into the Department for an interview without coffee, and ask them to raise their game for the benefit of the Navy and the defence of the realm?
I have the greatest respect for my right hon.
Friend, but he will appreciate that we do not comment on the operational availability of submarines, which is a particularly sensitive matter.
However, he is absolutely right that we need to focus on the time it is taking to bring ships and all aspects of our fleet back into service.
I confirm that I regularly engage with Babcock, and I will visit Devonport very soon.