The Minister will remember that in June I asked about a badly injured veteran in my constituency.
He has written confirmation from the former Defence Minister in 2021 that he would receive extensive adaptations to his home.
Those adaptations have not happened, and the situation is so serious that Op Courage has instigated safeguarding proceedings against the Ministry of Defence to protect my constituent.
In June the Minister requested that I write to him.
I did so yet again, but I still have not received a reply.
Will the Minister meet me finally to sort this out?
In doing so, will he reassure the House that a Conservative Minister’s word is worth the paper it is signed on?
I think that is a little harsh.
I have discussed this matter with the hon.
Lady, and I would of course be more than happy to meet her to discuss her constituent’s case further.
She will forgive me if I do not share the details with the House.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I was privileged to attend the Invictus games this weekend in Düsseldorf.
It was truly humbling to meet inspiring individuals who have triumphed in adversity.
I took the opportunity to discuss with my Ukrainian counterpart the care and rehabilitation of veterans and the UK’s unwavering support for her country.
There are more than 265,000 former members of the armed forces in the south-west, many of whom reside in my constituency of East Devon.
We must ensure that every veteran can access the services they need when they leave the service.
Can my right hon.
Friend update the House on the progress being made towards delivering ID cards to all veterans by Remembrance Day this year?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that phase 1 of this project is already completed, which is to say that as people leave the armed forces, they are issued with their veterans cards.
Those who left before December 2018 should get their cards by the end of this year.
A veteran does not require a card to prove their status; there are several ways to verify service, and the lack of a card should not act as a barrier to accessing support, but I recognise the importance of this card for many, in particular as a form of proving their identity and accessing services.