Maintaining national security in the face of threats to our values and our democracy is the first duty of any Government, in respect of which Labour stands ready always to work on a cross-party basis to keep our country safe.
I pay tribute to all those in our intelligence and security services and police, and those across  Government and beyond, who work to protect our national security on the anniversary of the awful attacks of 9/11.
As we remember those lost, we are in no doubt about the seriousness of the work that they do.
We recognise, too, the seriousness of the allegations involving espionage on behalf of China at the heart of our democracy.
It is essential that the police, the intelligence agencies and the justice system are able to do their jobs, and we must support them as they do so.
However, we need to know more about what action the Government are taking against attempts by other states to interfere in our democracy and undermine our security.
MI5 issued an interference alert about the Chinese Communist party attempting to influence Parliament 20 months ago.
The Security Service and others have also raised wider concerns.
The Minister referred to the Prime Minister raising strong concerns with China about unacceptable interference.
Did the Prime Minister do so at the time of those arrests, or has he only done so now, since they have been made public?
The Government set up the defending democracy taskforce to look at foreign interference, but what has it actually done?
Is the Minister on it?
Has it produced a report for the National Security Council as was promised?
Has it looked at vetting levels and delays?
The Government opposed the Lords amendment to the National Security Bill that was put forward to introduce stronger checks on donations to political parties, to ensure no foreign influence, and they opposed Labour’s proposal to close the loophole on shell companies.
Has the taskforce looked at those measures?
Why is it not acting in that area?
What is being done about national security prisoners?
It beggars belief that Daniel Khalife was charged with national security offences but was able to escape under a van.
Can the Minister confirm that even though this individual had already evaded arrest for three weeks when the police first tried to apprehend him, he still ended up in a category B prison?
Can he also confirm reports that in 2019 another prisoner was able to escape from Wandsworth prison, also by hiding underneath a van?
Has the review been completed of all national security prisoners—those on remand and those convicted —to see what level of prison security is in place?
If not, why not?
I want to ask the Minister about the wider issue of the risks to our national security from other states.
He has rightly taken action on sensitive surveillance equipment and I am glad that Ministers have accepted Labour’s proposals on procurement.
In his statement, he rightly talked of the systemic challenge that China poses, including on human rights, but the statement says nothing about the work of the investment security unit.
What is it doing?
Nor does the statement say anything about the comprehensive approach we need to the risks to our critical national infrastructure, even though the head of MI5 has given a series of warnings and the Intelligence and Security Committee was extremely critical in its report in July, warning of the lack of a proper strategy on China and of short-termism.
We need to engage with China on climate change and global issues, but we also need to be robust about defending our national security.
That is why the shadow Foreign Secretary has called for a full audit of China’s relationship and why  we have supported the National Security Act 2023 but also raised concerns about Iran pursuing kidnap and murder threats and Russia pursuing cyber-attacks.
We recognise that after 9/11 and the appalling terror attacks on 7/7, the country came together.
The then Labour Government worked on a major counter-terror strategy—the Contest strategy—involving everyone across Government, the police, the intelligence agencies, local government and the private sector.
The Contest strategy has endured and has strong cross-party support, but the Government have been warned for years about rising state challenges, so where is the Contest strategy for state threats?
We will support the Government in producing one, and a Labour Government would work cross-party to produce one, but where is it?
We need a Contest strategy on state risks, state challenges and state threats to protect our national security.
National security is too important to ignore warnings; we need urgent action to defend our national security.