The Prime Minister engages with world leaders all the time to discuss what is needed in Ukraine, and he has an extraordinarily close relationship with President Zelensky.
Both my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  and Prime Minister Johnson delivered on their commitments.
The Prime Minister continues to do exactly the same; he will be at the Dispatch Box in about an hour and perhaps Ukraine might be mentioned.
I am sure the Minister will agree that our veterans make some of the best role models in society.
Will he applaud my constituent Bill Cooksey, who at the age of 102 completed the Great North Run this weekend on behalf of NHS charities?
What can I say?
I certainly congratulate Bill on completing the Great North Run at such an extraordinary age.
I admire him hugely, and I congratulate him.
The previous Secretary of State promised that he would come to David Brown Santasalo in Huddersfield to see the wonderful work that the company does producing the defence equipment that we need.
Will one of the team be able to fulfil that promise?
It is always a pleasure to engage with the hon.
Gentleman.
If I cannot visit that specific company, I intend to hold forums for small and medium-sized enterprises around the country—the next one is in Wales, but we will certainly hold them in his part of the world—and I will let him know the details.
While Ukraine continues to combat Putin’s aggression on the battlefield, there is no let up in Russia’s nefarious campaign of espionage and subversion against western democracies.
That threat, and the so-called grey zone, spans the public, private and defence sectors, aiming to continually challenge our critical national infrastructure capabilities.
What work is the MOD doing across Government Departments, and the private and public sectors, to combat hybrid threats?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is helpful that the Deputy Prime Minister is sitting on the Front Bench as I answer her question, because he leads the necessary cross-Government effort, of which defence plays an enormous part.
The National Security Act 2023 has been passed, as has the National Security Investment Act 2021, and there is £2.6 billion of investment through the national cyber strategy 2022.
Defence supports His Majesty’s Government’s activities, applying defence levers to protect UK crucial interests from state threats by denying and deferring adversary attack.
Order.
I will get a sore throat if we carry on like this.
One of the greatest problems that my veteran constituents have is housing accommodation.
It is as scarce as hen’s teeth, as we would say back home.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Housing Executive in Northern Ireland to secure funding and housing for veterans who have just finished service or are retiring?
Clearly, we want to improve service accommodation all the time.
However, 97% of service accommodation meets or exceeds the decent home standard.
That is admirable compared with the record of many local authorities.
We are investing in accommodation, and it is improving all the time.
I very much regret the occasional report of accommodation that falls short of the mark, and we seek to rectify it as soon as we can.
We have heard this afternoon how important the continuity of education allowance is for service families.
Does the Minister assess that Labour’s proposed attack on private schools will make it easier or harder to educate service children?
It would certainly make it far more expensive.
It would also threaten small schools like Warminster School in my constituency, which relies very much on service families.
I just reflect on the sacrifices made by all people I know who choose to send their children to independent schools, and in particular members of the defence community who are of course required to make a substantial contribution to their children’s education in the event that they choose to educate them in the independent sector.