I certainly can, Mr Speaker.
What liaising does the Minister do with the Home Office?
I have an Afghan special forces interpreter who came here having done valiant work during Operation Pitting.
His mother, father and siblings left Afghanistan and ended up in Ukraine of all places, and they moved to the UK last year.
The Home Office gave them temporary leave to remain, only for them to receive a letter in the past couple of months saying that they would have to be deported back to either Afghanistan, Ukraine or Rwanda.
In that case I interceded and the Minister’s office helped, but what is going on between his Department and the Home Office?
From the question, I can see all sorts of ways in which that might present quite a confusing case to colleagues in the Home Office, especially if those in Ukraine proceeded to the UK under a mechanism other than the Afghan relocations and assistance policy.
May I look at the detail of the case and come back to the right hon.
Gentleman, rather than speculate?
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of service accommodation for armed forces personnel.
The Government continue to invest significant sums to improve the quality of UK service family accommodation, with £337 million invested over financial years 2020-21 and 2021-22 combined, and £163 million in 2022-23.
The forecast for this financial year is £312 million.
Ofsted chief inspector, Amanda Spielman, has repeatedly said that she has “deep concerns” about the “continued failures” to improve service accommodation for armed forces recruits over the past seven years.
Will the Minister explain why those concerns from neutral Ofsted inspector Amanda Spielman have fallen on deaf ears, and why those improvements are yet to be made?
This is an extremely important subject, and we care immensely about improving our estate.
Such concerns do not fall on deaf ears.
If that were the case we would not have put on the table a further £400 million for SFA in the defence Command Paper refresh.
Precisely because of that additional funding, this year our spend will be almost double that of last year.