From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MINNESOTA STATE REPRESENTATIVE BRIAN PFARR

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of

Minnesota House Representative Brian Pfarr.
First elected in 2020 to

represent then-District 20A, Representative Pfarr has served the people

of southern Minnesota in the State House for the past four years, most

recently as the representative for District 22B.

Prior to his service in the State Legislature, Representative Pfarr

honorably served our state as a colonel in the Minnesota Army National

Guard.
Since his retirement in 2021, he has brought the same tireless

work ethic to representing the people of Blue Earth, Le Sueur, Rice,

and Scott counties.
The priorities of his constituents have always been at the forefront

of Representative Pfarr's service in the State House, particularly

through his continued leadership in the many House committees on which

he has served throughout the years, including Ways and Means and

Commerce Finance and Policy.
Representative Pfarr has done an exemplary job representing the

people of District 22B, and all of us across southern Minnesota have

been well-served by his time in office.
I am grateful for his many

years of dedicated public service, and I wish him the warmest

congratulations on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MINNESOTA STATE REPRESENTATIVE PAT GAROFALO

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of

Minnesota House Representative Pat Garofalo.
First elected in 2004,

Representative Garofalo has honorably served in the Minnesota

Legislature for the past twenty years.
During his time in office, Representative Garofalo exhibited a

profound willingness to serve his fellow southern Minnesotans, not only

as their voice in the House Chamber, but also by his leadership on

numerous House committees throughout the years.
In 2008, Representative

Garofalo was elected to the position of assistant majority whip for the

legislative session, and later became chairman of the Education Finance

Committee, as well as the Job Growth & Energy Affordability Committee.
Representative Garofalo has done an exemplary job representing his

constituents in Dakota, Goodhue, and Rice counties for the past two

decades, and I consider it a true honor to have previously served

alongside him in the Minnesota State Legislature.
I am grateful for Representative Garofalo's years of dedicated public

service to southern Minnesota, and I wish him the warmest

congratulations on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MILLIE DUNN VEASEY POST OFFICE

speech of

HON.
GWEN MOORE

Ms. MOORE of Wisconsin.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 9580,

to name a post office in North Carolina after Millie Dunn Veasey.
As

has been noted, she was one of the 855 women from across our country

who would serve with the historic Women Army Corps 6888, Central Postal

Battalion (Six Triple Eight) during World War II.
The Six Triple Eight was the only African American Women's Army Corps

Battalion unit deployed overseas during WWII.
Their efforts to resolve

a monumental months long backlog of millions of pieces of mail played a

critical role in maintaining morale for those fighting in the European

Theater.
In England and then France, they sorted millions of pieces of mail

while facing challenging social and war conditions.
They not only

completed their mission but did so in record time.
Each of these women have their own individual stories but many of

them are similar to Ms. Veasey's.
A desire to serve their country.
They

didn't set out to make history but they did so anyway.
They served their country honorably and extraordinarily.
And came

home with little fanfare or ceremony, which they did not mind.
And

many, like Ms. Veasey, continued to contribute to their communities

after they came home.