In 1986, he was recognized as Legislator of the Year by

the California Trial Lawyers Association.
In 1987, he was awarded

Humanitarian of the Year by the Humane Society.
In 1988, the California

Planning and Conservation League named him Legislator of the Year and

in 1991, the National Organization for Women recognized him as their

Legislator of the Year.
In 1991, the California Governor's Committee

for Employment of Disabled Persons named him Elected Official of the

Year and in 1992, he was named Legislator of the Year by the California

Park and Recreation Society.
It has been my great pleasure to work with Dan throughout the years

and I honor and thank him for his years in public service and wish him

the best.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF LLOYD B. PLUMMER

HON.
RUSS FULCHER

Mr. FULCHER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to wish Lloyd B. Plummer a

very happy 100th birthday, who will be celebrating his milestone on

December 15, 2024.
In 1943, Plummer, the recipient of two Purple Hearts, joined the Army

among many courageous men to serve our country.
His heroic efforts will

never be forgotten.
For those who may not know Lloyd, he was one of the first brave

Americans to serve as a paratrooper during World War II, as a member of

the 509th Infantry Regiment.
Throughout the war, the Fighting 509 was

assigned to numerous operations, many of which are now recognized as

suicide missions.
Lloyd was faced with many battles, where he suffered

from frostbite, trench foot, burns, and shrapnel.
At all times, he was

ready to put his body on the line to serve the country he loved.
He is

the true definition of a patriot, willing to sacrifice his life for our

country.
In 1945, he was discharged from active duty in the Army and returned

to Idaho.
Lloyd and his family have consistently embodied the

traditional values we cherish in Idaho.
I thank Lloyd B. Plummer for his unwavering heroic efforts, and I

wish him a very happy birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MINNESOTA STATE REPRESENTATIVE BRIAN DANIELS

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of

Minnesota House Representative Brian Daniels.
First elected in 2014 to

represent then-District 24B, Representative Daniels has served the

people of Minnesota honorably in the State House for the past ten

years, most recently representing District 19A.

Representative Daniels has worked tirelessly on behalf of his

constituents in Dodge, Goodhue, Rice, Steele, and Waseca counties,

particularly with his leadership in championing the priorities of the

blind and deaf communities across Minnesota.
Throughout his time in office, Representative Daniels introduced

numerous bills advocating for greater language access statewide;

including legislation that would increase proficiency standards to

teach American Sign Language, as well as legislation that would require

elementary schools to screen for dyslexia.
Additionally, he authored legislation to place signage on Interstate

35, directing drivers to Minnesota State Academy for the Deaf and

Minnesota State Academy of the Blind in Faribault, bringing awareness

to travelers from across the country about these outstanding

educational institutions that we are proud to have in southern

Minnesota.
Representative Daniels has done an exemplary job representing the

people of District 19A, and all of us across southern Minnesota have

been well-served by his time in office.
I wish him the warmest

congratulations on his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF MINNESOTA STATE REPRESENTATIVE BRIAN PFARR

HON.
BRAD FINSTAD

Mr. FINSTAD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the service of

Minnesota House Representative Brian Pfarr.