Gerald has been in business for almost 44 years and attributes his

success to all of his hard work and loyal customers.
He has no plans of

retiring.
Gerald and his store are a fixture of downtown Anniston and

Gerald gives back to his community by helping local schools.
The Morris family attends New Jerusalem AFM Church of God.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Gerald on this milestone

and wishing him a very happy birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND MEMORY OF GENE R. MOFFITT

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to announce

the passing of Gene R. Moffitt.
Gene was an individual full of

ambition, compassion and dedication towards his community.
I urge us

all to celebrate and remember the life of this incredible community

leader, husband, friend, father, and grandfather.
Born in Independence, Missouri on August 6, 1941, Gene attended

William Chrisman High School before heading to Central Missouri State

University to continue his academic journey.
Eventually, he began what

would become a stellar career spanning across four decades at Block &

Company, Inc. Realtors.
Starting at an entry level position as a Sales

Associate in 1974, Gene was active in sales, leasing and development

projects.
Through the years, his expertise in the industry grew as he

oversaw the completion of various projects in retail, office,

commercial, and investment projects.
As he continued to work his way up the ladder at Block & Company,

Inc. Realtors, Gene brought along his enthusiasm, knowledge and work

ethic to create new approaches to real estate.
Most notable, Gene

became a leader in the industry when he initiated the first new life-

style center in the region, Zona Rosa, a mixed-use retail, office, and

industrial complex in the Greater Kansas City area.
His experience was

sought after and highly regarded among those in the industry.
Among his many achievements, Gene played an important role in

relocating the St. Joseph Hospital, which later became the Linwood

Shopping Center, revitalizing an inner-city area that was facing

decline.
The finished project became a new and expanded retail

development which led to the City of Kansas City to be designated in

1986 as an ``All American City'' by the Citizens Forum on Self

Government/National Municipal League and USA Today.
Additionally, Gene

worked as the Development Consultant for the Blue Parkway Town Center,

a redevelopment project spearheaded by the Swope Parkway Health Center.
Though Gene has passed, his legacy and impact on Kansas City will

remain long past our mortal lifetimes.
I am reminded of Mark 10:45--

``For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and

to give his life as a ransom for many.''
Gene's life was one dedicated

to serving others and bettering the lives of countless people.
Gene is

survived by his loving family, friends, and wife of 58 years, Pamela.
As we celebrate and remember the decades of devoted service from Gene,

let us be inspired by his commitment to better his community.