When

pitching a communications idea to Sam, her colleagues have learned to

have a better strategy than, ``this is the way it has always been

done!''
She has helped countless staffers grow into communications

thinkers, coaching even the wonkiest members of our team on meeting--

and making--moments.
From Good Morning America to the Star Tribune, Sam has been there to

help pitch, prep, and powder my nose for moments big and small.
Under

her leadership, our communications team became a branding powerhouse,

crafting powerful messages, landing big interviews, producing

captivating content, building a mass communications program so strong I

regularly receive thanks from constituents on the receiving end of

unsolicited emails, and even going viral for a TikTok dance or two.
Sam

did it all with an eye for authenticity and improvement, and each

success became a new foundation on which to build.
Her work helped earn me a seat at the leadership table in 2022 when I

was elected Co-Chair of the House Democratic Policy and Communications

Committee (DPCC), and her reimagining of communications staffing and

budgets has been recognized by the Chief Administrative Officer (CAO)

of the House as best in class.
Sam has been invited by the CAO to coach

new Chiefs of Staff on modernizing their own communications teams,

leadership that will surely leave this institution operating better

than she found it for generations to come.
In addition to her many professional talents, Sam is a genuine and

thoughtful human, pottery aficionado, gluten-free bread enthusiast, and

we're all better for having served alongside her.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she is dearly missed.
However,

I'm extraordinarily happy that she will continue to do this work and

serve the Nation and the people Minnesota at the Minnesota Department

of Education.
I wish Sam all the best in her future endeavors and thank

her for six years of faithful service to this Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DIRECTOR OF SCHEDULING AND OPERATIONS, MAE HOUGO FOR HER

EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Director of

Scheduling and Operations, Mae Hougo, for her work on behalf of every

constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I could not be

more proud or grateful for her service.
Mae was raised in Minnesota and graduated from Cretin-Derham Hall.
She ventured off to attend the College of Holy Cross where she earned

her Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and Government.
Mae's passion

for politics led her to many interesting and informative experiences

that ranged from City Hall in Saint Paul, the Minnesota State Capitol,

and Washington, D.C. Her experience of both campaigns and official side

work have been invaluable.
Mae has worked as a political scheduler for over five years in

Minnesota.
Her unofficial title is the ``keeper of space and time.''
From busy session weeks, to packed August recesses, if things were

going smoothly for my team and me, it was due to Mae's tireless work.
Her foresight and creative thinking in a pinch saved each of us from

more than our fair share of mishaps.
Her colleagues will always

remember Mae's organized and strategic thinking.
Mae is dependable,

determined, fiercely passionate about the work, and incredibly

hardworking.
Mae has grown her role immensely during her tenure in this office--

she began her time with us as District Scheduler and ended it as

Director of Scheduling and Operations, overseeing the scheduling

process in both Minnesota and Washington, D.C. Mae's sound judgment and

critical thinking have led her to become a trusted advisor to me.
Her

talent combined with her heart for the work have made her an invaluable

part of this team.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.