Title: CELEBRATING INEZ BEISWANGER'S 105TH BIRTHDAY; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
180

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING INEZ BEISWANGER'S 105TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
RUDY YAKYM III

Mr. YAKYM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate and wish a very happy and

special birthday to Inez Beiswanger, who will turn a whopping 105 years

old on December 9, 2024.
Born in Nappanee in 1919, Inez is a resident of Milford, Indiana and

one of the many

Hoosiers I have the privilege of representing in Congress.
Earlier this

month, some friends, family, and other members of the Milford community

came together to throw a surprise celebration for Inez, which was a

fitting testament to such a special, memorable, and impressive

milestone.
As she reflects on more than a century of life well lived, Inez is

full of gratitude to God for the many blessings he has bestowed on her.
Especially around this time of year, embracing the disposition of

gratitude that Inez embodies is something that our Nation could use a

lot more of.
Inez also credits her long life in part to trying to always be an

optimist about everything, as well as being content and happy with what

you have.
This mindset has clearly worked, and it is a refreshening

antidote to the culture of despair and restlessness that we all too

often witness.
As she celebrates more than a century of life lived to the fullest, I

join her family, including her three children, seven grandchildren and

numerous great-grandchildren, and many other Hoosiers in wishing Inez

Beiswanger a very happy 105th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING LOUIS ENGLISH

HON.
JERRY L. CARL

Mr. CARL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Louis

English for being named Career Firefighter of the Year for 2024.
Louis

began his career in 1985 as a Firefighter 1 and received Firefighter 2

certification in 1999.
In 2013, he was appointed as Captain.
He retired

from active fire service in March of 2016 but chose to remain as a

volunteer.
In June of 2016, he was reinstated as an Active Reserve.
With 28 years of full-time service and 8 years of service in the Active

Reserve, Captain Louis English has dedicated his life to helping

others.
I am so proud to have such a selfless individual residing in

our district.
I congratulate Louis English on this outstanding award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAN McCORQUODALE

HON.
ZOE LOFGREN

Ms. LOFGREN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the public service of Dan

McCorquodale of San Jose, California.
From 1953 to 1956, McCorquodale was a Sergeant in the U.S. Marine

Corps.
After graduating from college, he served as a public school

teacher in Chula Vista, California.
In 1964, he became the youngest

person ever elected to the City Council in Chula Vista, where he served

as Mayor from 1968 to 1969.
After moving to San Jose, McCorquodale spent a year walking precincts

in the third district and was elected to three terms representing north

and east San Jose, a portion of the City of Santa Clara, and the cities

of Milpitas and Sunnyvale.
During his three terms on the Board, he

distinguished himself in the issues of environmental protection,

transportation, water reclamation, parks, justice, and health and human

services.
In 1982, McCorquodale was elected State Senator of the 12th

district.
Throughout his political career, he was recognized for his effective

policymaking.
In 1986, he was recognized as Legislator of the Year by

the California Trial Lawyers Association.
In 1987, he was awarded

Humanitarian of the Year by the Humane Society.
In 1988, the California

Planning and Conservation League named him Legislator of the Year and

in 1991, the National Organization for Women recognized him as their

Legislator of the Year.