They served their country honorably and extraordinarily.
And came

home with little fanfare or ceremony, which they did not mind.
And

many, like Ms. Veasey, continued to contribute to their communities

after they came home.
I am pleased that we are recognizing these women and that this story

of service will no longer be lost to history.
This postal designation

will help ensure that Ms. Veasey's service and dedication is remembered

in her local community.
A few years ago, I was pleased to spearhead a successful effort in

Congress, along with Senator Moran, to award the Six Triple Eight with

the Congressional Gold Medal so that their service cannot only be

appropriately acknowledged but remembered across our Nation.
Ms. Veasey passed away at the age 100 in 2018 and was buried in

Raleigh National Cemetery.
Sadly, there are less than a handful of

surviving members of the Six Triple Eight, including Anna Mae Robertson

of Milwaukee, WI.
Through efforts like this, we ensure that their story of service and

sacrifice does not remain lost to history and help to inspire the next

generation to military service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed a

vote.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
480

and YEA on Roll Call No.
481.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, SAMANTHA SNUGGERUD ANDERSON FOR

HER EXCELLENT WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL

DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my former

Communications Director, Samantha Snuggerud Anderson, for her work on

behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional

District.
In September, Sam was appointed as Communications Director

for the Minnesota Department of Education under the transformational

leadership of Governor Tim Walz, and I could not be more proud or

grateful for her service.
A Minnesota native, Sam graduated from Minnetonka High School before

attending Northeastern University in Boston where she earned a

bachelor's degree in political science.
Sam has been an essential

member of my leadership team since the very beginning, and like me,

came to this work with a background in marketing and a belief in the

politics of improving people's lives.
Spanning impeachments, pandemic, and unrest, the 116th, 117th, and

118th Congresses were historic by any measure.
Just when we thought we

had cleared the most unprecedented news cycle of our careers, another

would rise, and I leaned on Sam's counsel to navigate each.
She is a

one-of-a-kind professional whose sound judgement, smart instincts,

reliable execution, and strategic thinking have been critically

important to the success of this team.
We could always count on Sam's calm confidence and level perspective

to ground us, but also benefitted from her creative spirit and knack

for innovation.
She is an architect and keeper of the Dean Team brand,

instilling in our community a sense that representation begins with

listening and a renewed faith in their government.
Preferring to work behind the scenes, Sam is quick to share kudos and

credit, but her invisible hand left its mark in every aspect of our

work.
She is a skilled manager who built and led a pioneering

communications team by identifying potential, carving out space for

creativity, and challenging herself and others to do their best.
When

pitching a communications idea to Sam, her colleagues have learned to

have a better strategy than, ``this is the way it has always been

done!''
She has helped countless staffers grow into communications

thinkers, coaching even the wonkiest members of our team on meeting--

and making--moments.
From Good Morning America to the Star Tribune, Sam has been there to

help pitch, prep, and powder my nose for moments big and small.