Mae has grown her role immensely during her tenure in this office--

she began her time with us as District Scheduler and ended it as

Director of Scheduling and Operations, overseeing the scheduling

process in both Minnesota and Washington, D.C. Mae's sound judgment and

critical thinking have led her to become a trusted advisor to me.
Her

talent combined with her heart for the work have made her an invaluable

part of this team.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to

have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
I

wish Mae all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for five

years of faithful service to this Nation in my office.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING STEVE YEAKEL

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. Steve

Yeakel, who is retiring as President and CEO of the Virginia

Association of Community Banks (VACB) after 13 years of distinguished

service to Virginia's community banking industry.
Throughout his tenure, Mr. Yeakel has been an unwavering advocate for

Virginia's community banks, which serve as the economic backbone of our

local communities.
Under his leadership, VACB has grown to represent

more than 100 community banks and vendor partners, providing essential

financial services to families and businesses across the great

Commonwealth of Virginia.
Mr. Yeakel's commitment to excellence was

recognized by his peers when he received the 2021 CEO Award of

Excellence by from the Virginia Society of Association Executives.
His

leadership style, emphasizing relationship-building and collaborative

problem-solving, has strengthened the voice of community banking in

both Richmond and Washington.
During his stewardship, VACB successfully

navigated serious challenges in the industry, from regulatory changes

to technological transformation.
Mr. Yeakel has been able to achieve

such impressive accomplishments particularly due to his ability to

foster productive dialogue between VACB members and Congressional

delegations over the years.
Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing Mr. Yeakel's

significant contributions to Virginia's banking industry and the

communities it serves.
His legacy of leadership, advocacy, and service

will continue to benefit Virginians for years to come.
I wish him and

his family all the best in his well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 70TH BIRTHDAY OF GERALD MORRIS

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House's attention

today to recognize the 70th birthday of Gerald Morris.
Gerald was born

to Emma Lois and Toby Lee Morris on December 4, 1954, in Anniston,

Alabama.
He is one of six children.
He graduated from Saks High School

in 1972.
On February 22, 1985, Gerald married Waltina Morris.
They were

blessed with five children and seven grandchildren.
Gerald was inspired by his uncle, Edgar Morris, who was a tailor.
He

had his shop in downtown Anniston.
Gerald worked at a men's clothing

store named Phil's Men's Store and began doing alterations for

customers there.
He attended trade school and opened his own shop in

downtown Anniston named Morris Alterations in 1981.
As life would have

it, his son was able to open a men's clothing store right across the

street from his own storefront.
Two of Gerald's daughters work

alongside him daily.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, Mr. Morris switched gears at the shop

and began making a variety of popular masks that sold from Alabama to

Connecticut.
After the pandemic, work was busier than ever as people

went back to their social engagements, proms and weddings, they needed

his artful craft to make their clothing perfect for them.
Gerald has been in business for almost 44 years and attributes his

success to all of his hard work and loyal customers.
He has no plans of

retiring.
Gerald and his store are a fixture of downtown Anniston and

Gerald gives back to his community by helping local schools.