Hampshire and Isle of Wight Constabulary is one of the lowest-funded police forces in the UK, and with a decade of cuts to youth services, antisocial behaviour has been left to thrive under this Government.
We have seen the consequences at South Parade pier, the Camber and many other places in Portsmouth.
Neighbourhood policing is vital in cracking down on ASB, which ruins so many lives.
Therefore, what explanation can the Home Secretary provide for halving the number of police community support officers over the past 13 years?
The hon.
Gentleman and I represent constituencies that are served by the same police force, and I am really proud of the track record in Hampshire.
I am really proud of how the new chief constable, Scott Chilton, has assumed his role, with a real focus on back-to-basics policing; I am really proud of how the Conservative police and crime commissioner, Donna Jones, has led initiatives so that every community in Hampshire will have named, dedicated police officers and PCSOs serving them, bolstering neighbourhood policing and building confidence; and I am really proud of the fact that Hampshire has seen a 15% fall in neighbourhood crime since 2019—common-sense policing serving the community.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that some of the principal victims of antisocial behaviour are young people?
The Government are absolutely right to bring forward new measures to tackle antisocial behaviour to make our streets, parks and public spaces safer for the vast majority of young people who do not engage in those negative behaviours.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
There is such a need for greater diversion and greater support for young people, so that they do not spend their time loitering in shopping centres, causing a nuisance in car parks or harassing members of the community.
That is why our antisocial behaviour action plan commits considerable funding—over £160 million of new funding—including for an increased police presence in ASB hotspot areas and to support the roll-out of diversionary resources to support young people so that they do not fall into crime and antisocial behaviour.
Youth zones are exceptional, especially the Chorley Inspire one.
Yet again, in Ilkley and Marley in my constituency, Travellers have set up camp, caused damage and intimidated residents, which just last weekend resulted in Ilkley pool having to close temporarily.
When they have gone, they leave a complete mess, which all has to be cleaned up at taxpayers’ expense.
Will the Home Secretary meet me to discuss what additional support West Yorkshire police and our local council can get to address this ongoing issue?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point about illegal encampments and Travellers who blight communities by causing a nuisance and who, in some cases, threaten communities—it is unacceptable behaviour.
That is why we legislated in the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 to toughen up the powers and measures available to the police, so that they can take more robust steps in relation to this issue, but I am very happy to speak to my hon.
Friend about what more can be done locally.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the use of hotels as contingency asylum accommodation.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the use of hotels as contingency asylum accommodation.
The Home Office seeks to end the use of hotels and to move asylum seekers to less expensive, more suitable accommodation.
To support that, we are bringing into use large, disused military sites and vessels, which will provide adequate, safe, secure, non-detained accommodation for asylum seekers and also reduce the pull factor to the United Kingdom.
I recently received an email from the Home Office that said that the use of hotels to house asylum seekers is “inappropriate”, and that reliance on them must be reduced.
In the same email, the Home Office informed me that it planned to increase the use of hotel accommodation for asylum seekers in my constituency of Erdington by 159%—the single biggest increase in the whole of Birmingham.
How on earth can the Minister expect the country to trust him when he cannot even keep his policies consistent within the same email?
The policy that we have adopted is one of maximising the capacity of the hotels that we have for as long as we have them.
That is saving the taxpayer at least a quarter of a billion pounds and reducing reliance on hotels elsewhere in the country.
I do appreciate that there are pressures on the hon.
Lady’s local authority, and I also appreciate that some Labour local authorities, such as Westminster City Council, say that asylum seekers must be housed in individual, ensuite bedrooms.
We do not agree with that: it is a gross waste of taxpayers’ money that would make the UK a soft touch.
In my constituency, I have had the same experience as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham, Erdington (Mrs Hamilton) , but the question I want to ask is about unaccompanied asylum-seeking children.
The Home Office still has not explained how it is going to find the children missing from asylum accommodation, so will it set out the plans to do that and find these vulnerable people?
We have been very clear that we and the police take extremely seriously any young person who goes missing from a hotel or any other form of accommodation.
Local police forces and Home Office personnel treat that exactly as they would any other child going missing and they conduct a full missing person inquiry.
However, the only sustainable answer to young people living in hotels is to stop the boats in the first place.
Doing nothing is not an option.
Doing nothing will lead to more young people living in those hotels and being exposed to human traffickers.
While I do very much welcome the Minister’s determination to move away from hotels and towards other accommodation, will he give particular attention to the Wiltshire hotel and golf club in my constituency?
The number there has gone up: there are now 120 people there, and they are all crammed into very small accommodation.
It is not only bad from the point of view of the golf club members and neighbouring long-term residents with them in housing next door, but it is an extremely bad place from the point of view of the asylum seekers.
They have nowhere to go and nothing to do.
They have no education facilities and no religious facilities.
They are stuck in the middle of the countryside with no transport, and it is quite the wrong place for them to be.
Will the Minister please give particular attention to the Wiltshire hotel?
I am familiar with the hotel in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and the concerns he has raised.
I will take a look at that, but as I have said previously, the answer to this challenge is to stop the boats coming  in the first place.
That is why we all need to support the Illegal Migration Bill.
Those who want more hotels would oppose it.
The Labour party’s policy will see more hotels, and the shadow Home Secretary will end up with more hotels to her name than Paris Hilton.
I do not know how to follow that, Mr Speaker.
All Members would like to see a reduction in the number of hotels used for asylum accommodation—I am sure that is true—but will the Minister spend a moment to congratulate the community of Sharnbrook, and in particular Rev. Paolo Di Leo and Councillor Doug McMurdo, on providing a welcoming environment for people who are put in such accommodation?
I think there are signs across the country that communities do come together in these difficult circumstances to achieve an outcome that is beneficial for everyone.
I would be very happy to put on record my view of the good work being done by my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
He is right to say that there are voluntary and community groups, charities and churches right across the country that support asylum seekers while they are in this form of accommodation, and we and our providers facilitate that wherever possible.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am going to make a short topical statement.
The information that Meta and other tech companies give to UK law enforcement helps to protect around 1,200 children and leads to over 100 arrests of suspected child abusers every month.
However, Meta plans to roll out end-to-end encryption soon, without safeguards, and it will no longer proactively detect and alert authorities to child grooming and abuse material on Facebook, Messenger and Instagram Direct.
This will be a huge boon to anyone who wants to hurt a child.
The Online Safety Bill will hold tech firms to account, but indifference to abuse is intolerable.
I have written to Mark Zuckerberg—together with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Security,  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) , children’s charities and campaign groups—to outline our profound concerns.
Last week, I was in New Zealand at the Five Eyes security conference where there was widespread support for working together to ensure that social media companies put child safety first.
Following recent knife crime incidents in my constituency and in the Medway towns, will my right hon.
Friend meet me and our Kent police and crime commissioner, Matthew Scott, to discuss funding and how the Home Office can further support Kent police with the increased challenges we are facing in Kent due to our proximity to London?
I very much appreciate the particular challenges in Kent relating to knife crime.
That is why I am glad that since 2019, Kent has received £5.5 million in core violence reduction unit grant funding, and £730,000  in additional support for targeted youth interventions.
I have met the police and crime commissioner, and Chief Constable Tim Smith.
They are both excellent at leading their forces, and there is now a record number of police officers in Kent.
I am sure the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , will meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss that issue.
We have made a lot of progress, but we can do better.