The Minister may not be aware that I was chair of the cross-party Youth Violence Commission.
We published an interim report in 2018 and a final one in 2020.
Our first recommendation was for the Government to adopt a public health approach to tackling violence through regional violence reduction units and long-term strategies.
What action is the Minister taking to ensure that violence reduction units have the long-term funding that they need to achieve the best possible outcomes?
I agree with the approach that the hon.
Lady sets out, and we have already taken action.
She asks about long-term plans.
She will be aware that the Youth Endowment Fund of £210 million is a 10-year programme, and that violence reduction units—called violence reduction partnerships in some places—have so far received £170 million, and receive funding each and every year, including an allocation this year.
The kinds of things that we find work include diversionary activities for young people.
In fact, when I asked the chief executive of the YEF what the most effective intervention is, he said that it was cognitive behavioural therapy, which gets used as well.
I repeat one statistic that I mentioned earlier: since 2010, violence is down by 41% and criminal damage by 68%.
A report today found that nearly half of women who experienced or witnessed a crime in the past year chose not to report it because they did not believe that the police would treat it seriously.
His Majesty’s inspector, in his latest state of policing report, said that the police were experiencing one of their biggest crises in living memory, there were widespread systematic failings and they were simply not getting the basics right.
Having pushed our British model of policing by consent to the very brink, do the Government take responsibility, do they agree with the inspector that substantial reform is essential, and will they back Labour’s plans to restore neighbourhood policing, halve serious violence and raise confidence in every force—or is the Minister happy to keep twiddling his thumbs while the criminals get away with it?
I must say, in the gentlest terms, that my constituency neighbour has a bit of cheek to talk about reducing crime, given that according to the crime survey, crime levels under the last Labour Government were around double what they are today.
[Interruption.]
She shakes her head, but that is from the Office for National Statistics, and it is the only statistically recognised long-term measure of crime.
If she does not like the ONS figures, she can go and argue with it.
She might not like them, but those are the figures.
In relation to the hon.
Lady’s serious question about RASSO—rape and serious sexual offences—particularly on women, the proportion being reported is much higher than it was a few years ago, which is welcome.
There is a lot more to do, which is why there is a rape review and a rape action plan.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Home Secretary and the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derbyshire Dales (Miss Dines) , are working hard on that.
Operation Soteria Bluestone was fully rolled out at the end of June, just a few days ago, and we have seen a significant increase in the number of relevant charges.
They are still too low, and they need to be higher, which is why we have invested in more RASSO specialist officers, and that work is continuing.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
Whether her Department plans to increase police resources to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
Earlier in the year, I launched the antisocial behaviour action plan, which includes increasing funding for police and crime commissioners by over £100 million, delivering stronger and swifter punishment, increasing police visibility in response, and banning nitrous oxide.
Antisocial behaviour is not a low-level crime.
It blights communities, and that is why the Government are committed to tackling it effectively.
Today, to coincide with Anti-social Behaviour Awareness Week, the all-party parliamentary group on antisocial behaviour has published a report with the charity Resolve ASB, which demonstrates, among other things, that 1.7 million people a day experience antisocial behaviour.
Some 58% believe that the Government are not doing enough.
Will the Home Secretary meet members of the all-party parliamentary group and me to look at the recommendations in that report?