The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer)  and I launched a programme that provides significant support to councils like Liverpool to help individuals find alternative accommodation.
That might be in the private rental sector or it might be in social housing, but I think we can all agree on the principle that it is not right for individuals or families to live in hotel accommodation for over two years.
We need to help those people out of the hotels this summer.
The Immigration Minister’s earlier claim will come as news to the Labour and Conservative coalition which runs North Lanarkshire Council and a surprise to a director of Mears who confirmed to me that North Lanarkshire Council houses not just asylum seekers but refugees.
The Immigration Minister has now given factually wrong information to this House three times.
When will he apologise to the House, and will he come back to it to give proper information?
I do not think I have given factually wrong information.
They may not be the facts the hon.
Gentleman wants to hear, but they are the facts.
I did  not mention North Lanarkshire, but there are six asylum seekers there.
I think the hon.
Gentleman would agree that there is more to be done.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he will make a statement on road fuel prices.
From rural hamlets to coastal communities, it is a properly functioning market that ensures fair prices for motorists, but for that market to function customers need transparent data to find the best price.
On that basis, when we saw fuel prices rising last summer we asked the Competition and Markets Authority to investigate whether the market was working for customers as it should.
Today, the CMA published its final market study report and I am shocked by its findings: rising fuel retail margins, and clear evidence of a rocket upwards and a feather downwards in the pricing pattern for diesel.
It is completely unacceptable that consumers have been paying more.
The financial impact of the 6p per litre increase, just in the fuel margin, from 2019 to 2022, cost customers of the four supermarket fuel retailers £900 million last year alone.
Asda’s fuel margin target was three times higher for this year than in 2019 and Morrisons doubled over the same period.
It is wrong that in a cost of living crisis drivers do not get a fair deal on fuel and end up being overcharged.
Motorists should not be used as cash cows by the fuel industry.
The Government will not stand for it and I know this House will not stand for it.
Therefore, we accept the CMA’s recommendations in full.
We will create a statutory open data scheme for retail fuel prices and an ongoing road fuel prices monitoring function for the UK market.
We will consult on the design of the open data scheme and monitoring function as soon as possible this autumn, but that is not enough.
I have asked the CMA to have a voluntary scheme up and running by next month and I fully expect fuel retailers to share accurate, up-to-date road fuel prices.
The CMA will also continue to monitor fuel prices.
I demand that fuel retail bosses stop ripping off consumers, by making prices available so that the market can operate as it should.
Transparency is vital for competition and to keep prices down.
I am extremely grateful to the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero and am delighted to see him, but I am disappointed not to see the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
I would have thought that this was something that he cared about.
The problem is that the Government have stood for this over the past year.
This morning, right under the Government’s nose, greedy petrol retailers imposed an additional cost of more than £900 million on people filling up their cars.
Retailers swiftly passed on price increases in the wholesale market to drivers, and the prices rocketed.
Yet when the wholesale prices dropped, prices were lowered only very slowly.
I think we could all see that for ourselves.
The RAC called this “nothing short of astounding in a cost-of-living crisis”, which confirmed that “supermarkets haven’t been treating drivers fairly at the pumps”.
This affects not just the cost of driving.
Higher road fuel prices have a knock-on effect on inflation across the economy, pushing up prices in every sector of our country.
The CMA makes it clear that rural areas still face the highest prices.
Where supermarket pumps are fewer and further between, such as in Cumbria and Somerset, fuel retailers are likely to have costs that are higher still.
The CMA found that fuel prices in rural places, such as my own in Westmorland and Lonsdale and in Somerton and Frome, are on average 1.2p per litre higher than those in urban areas.
Of course, in rural communities with poor public transport links, people have no choice but to drive and the distances to travel are so much greater, affecting, in particular, people who work in the care sector.
Once again, rural communities feel taken for granted by this Government.
One solution should be to expand the 5p per litre fuel duty relief scheme to those many isolated parts of Cumbria that are not currently covered by it, so that families in Cumbria are not left at the mercy of the most expensive fuel prices.
Why did the Government fail to stop greedy retailers hitting families with an almost £1 billion excess fuel bill in the first place?
Will the Chancellor and the Prime Minister summon those company bosses to Downing Street and press them to return those unfair profits by lowering their prices?
Will the Government expand the rural fuel duty relief scheme to more areas, to support communities such as mine that are struggling with the highest petrol prices?