The Minister says he will not stand for motorists’ being ripped off, but that is exactly what Ministers have done.
The Government have been complacent the whole time, following the 5p fuel duty cut.
Why has it taken the CMA so long to establish that motorists are being gouged by 6p per litre compared with 2019?
It reported that diesel prices are an astonishing 13p per litre higher this year alone than they should have been.
That is symptomatic of the “cost of greed” crisis.
Asda received a fine for not complying with the CMA investigation.
That shows an astonishing level of arrogance on the part of supermarkets that are ripping off their own customers.
It is estimated that we are paying nearly £l billion a year in additional fuel costs due to the lack of competition.
How does imposing an initial fine of £30,000 on Asda work as a deterrent when it is making so much money?
I am all for an open data fuel finder scheme, but really, is that it?
I already use an app to shop around for cheaper fuel prices, so this open data will not necessarily bring competition in all areas of the UK, and reliance on an app obviously will not help those who are digitally excluded.
What are the Government’s actual plans to ensure competition and reduced fuel prices, especially at motorway service stations, which are between 20p to 30p per litre more expensive?
When will we see these fuel prices come down?
That is the closest I have ever seen the hon.
Gentleman come to welcoming a Government response, so I shall take that with me.
I do not mean to try your patience any more than I already do, Mr Speaker, but, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy) , whether it is major energy packages or shipbuilding, we find that doing the work first leads to better long-term outcomes.
Given corporation tax, carbon taxes, the windfall tax, fuel duties and VAT, is not the bulk of the price at the pump, and of other fuels, now tax-based?
Will my right hon.
Friend remind us of how much is tax and urge the Chancellor to reduce some of those taxes to cut the cost of living?