My hon.
Friend has been assiduous and, as she has shown with her question, focused and detailed in trying to rectify a problem that the CMA has fully displayed today.
It is an unusual way round, but I would be happy to meet her to discuss the matter further to make sure we put in place all the right elements, so that this transparency genuinely gets through to the consumer.
There is no doubt that fuel costs are driving up inflation, especially in rural areas.
I think the fuel price checker has had a dampening effect in Northern Ireland because the supermarkets are always aware that that they are being looked on.
However, does the Minister accept that his Government also have a responsibility?
Net zero policies, with all their associated taxes—whether it is the emissions  trading scheme, green levies or fuel duties—drive up prices, too.
The Government have a role to play in reducing inflation as well as in transparency on supermarket prices.
The right hon.
Gentleman is drawing the wrong conclusion from the sky-high prices of the past year or two.
It is sky-high international fossil fuel prices that caused the enormous squeeze.
The faster we can move to cleaner and cheaper sources of energy, the sooner we can ensure that our constituents save money and contribute to dealing with what is an ever more serious threat.
Having brought a ten-minute rule motion on this subject some eight years ago, I am delighted that patience has finally paid off.
One issue I was raising at that time was the inequality between the prices in towns and those on motorways, which the Scottish National party spokesman has mentioned.
Is my right hon.
Friend confident that the measures being brought in today will reduce those 15p or 20p premiums on road fuel prices at motorway service stations compared with normal areas?
As so often, my hon.
Friend has been ahead of me.
The issue he raises is part of the picture; like him, I have observed that the captive market along motorways is subject to higher prices than elsewhere.
I hope that can be part of our consideration to make sure we have a system that works at its best for everybody.
May I respectfully point out to the Minister that this is not a town versus country or urban versus rural issue?
The RAC has identified that some retailers are grossly profiteering, taking a three times bigger margin than they were at the beginning of last year, particularly on diesel sales.
For the avoidance of doubt, will he confirm that the Government scheme he has outlined today will apply to all fuel retailers, not just those at supermarkets?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman with the precise details of everybody who will be included.
He is right to highlight that this is not just an issue in urban areas.
However, in those areas there tends to be more competition and easier transparency than there can be in rural and coastal areas.
A couple of weeks ago, I drew the House’s attention to the fact that the same supermarket tanker would unload fuel at 10p a litre cheaper in one place than it would if it came 10 to 15 miles up the road to my constituency.
If today’s report does not fix that, it will not have been good enough and the Government will have more work to do.
I hope that my right hon.
Friend will give me some reassurance on that point.
We have to make sure the market works.
Transparency is our biggest single weapon, and we need to be doing this in a way that reaches people, be they digitally enabled or not; we are wrestling with those details.
Let us look at the alternative to a market-based system—other countries have tried it, as it is a populist measure.
It does not work, it leads to a shortage of supply and it ends up creating the very dominance that we seek to ensure is not exploited in systems such as we have seen in this CMA report.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire (Andrew Selous)  asked a good and apposite question.
In February, I wrote to all the major supermarkets that have outlets in Chesterfield asking them why they were retailing petrol for 10p more a litre there than they were selling it for just 10 miles up the road in Sheffield.
They were very transparent and honest about this, saying, “ It’s a market where we think we can make more money out of Chesterfield residents than we do out of Sheffield residents.
That’s why we charge you more.”
That is despite the fact that there is no additional cost to getting the fuel there.
Although I welcome the greater transparency, making it easier for consumers, what they will see in Chesterfield is that they are paying more than they would up the road in Sheffield.
Is there anything in what the Minister is announcing today that will empower people in Chesterfield to bring their prices down?
Transparency.
The good people of Bridport and Dorchester in West Dorset have had to pay up to 20p a litre more than those in towns not far away.
The Liberal Democrats have been silent about that throughout the entire duration, so it is somewhat hypocritical of them to bring this matter to the House today, particularly given that they voted to increase the price per litre.
Although I welcome what the CMA has had to say in its report today, it does not really deal with the issue we are seeing of rigorous yield management by supermarkets with their petrol prices.
That is not a matter of competition; that is where they believe they can get more money out of a particular group people or community.
I would be very pleased if the Minister would meet me to look at how we can take this forward and grasp that issue.
I would be delighted to do so.
Now that we know that competition on fuel prices has weakened in recent years and that that has led to inflated prices, particularly in my constituency where, despite a campaign for fair prices led by Stuart McMillan MSP, we have been paying over the odds for years, may I seek a guarantee that supermarket food prices are not following the same pattern?
Following this report, the CMA has decided to look into the supermarkets and will report back as soon as next month.