Will the Home Secretary wish the deputy chairman of the Conservative party,  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) , a speedy recovery from the terrible bug that I understand has, this morning, prevented him from launching an entirely different Conservative immigration policy from the policy of the Conservative Home Secretary?
Does she agree with him that social care visas should be cancelled—yes or no?
The sorry fact of the matter is that Labour wants open borders and unlimited migration.
There is a malaise descending upon the Labour party, and it does not even know what it thinks.
Labour’s Sadiq Khan has said that he wants more migration.
Labour’s party chairman has confirmed that numbers could rise under a Labour Government.
When the shadow Home Secretary was asked whether she wanted net migration to rise or fall, she, in the characteristic style we have come to know and love, could not even answer the question.
That is what we always get with Labour— Order.
May I just say that you have no responsibility for the Labour party and, in fairness, this is Home Office questions?
The Home Secretary could not answer the question: does she support her own social care visas or not?
She spent all weekend briefing that she agrees with her Back Benchers, but today she cannot even answer the basic question.
Making up stuff about the Labour party will not help her when her party has been in power for 13 years and when work visas have doubled, exactly because the Government have failed to tackle skills shortages or issues in the labour market.
This is total chaos.
We have a Rwanda policy that is not removing anyone; an impact assessment that says her policies will not work and will cost much more; a 50% drop in removals of foreign criminals—the inspector says this is because the Home Office cannot even identify who can be removed; a record number of people in hotels; a record high asylum backlog; and Back Benchers writing the Home Secretary’s immigration policy because they do not think she is up to the job.
It has been a humiliating few weeks for the Home Secretary— Order.
Sorry, but you are not going to take advantage of me in that way—that is totally unfair.
I cannot pull one side up and allow the other to take advantage of it.
I expect all the Back Benchers to be able to get their questions in today.
This is about everybody having the same opportunity to get involved, so please do not do that again.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We all know that only the Conservative party and this Prime Minister have a serious plan to stop the boats and stop illegal migration, and that Labour stands for only one thing: open borders and unlimited migration.
Labour Members would rather spend their time campaigning to block the deportation of foreign criminals than back our Illegal Migration Bill.
They are on the side of the criminal gangs, not on the side of the British people.
Whether her Department has had recent discussions with the industrial hemp industry on licensing.
The hon.
Gentleman will recall that the two of us met just a few weeks ago, on  17 May , together with industry representatives, to discuss hemp licensing.
I thank him for taking the time and trouble to organise that meeting.
As he knows, there is a light-touch process for licensing industrial hemp.
Since 2013, the number of hemp licences has increased from six to 134.
I recollect the conversation well.
We have an opportunity within the UK to grow hemp on an industrial scale and so feed many growing industries that use hemp to produce environmentally friendly products.
The growth of these industries has been hampered by overly complicated regulations and a poor application process.
Meanwhile, foreign companies are racing ahead in this arena.
To protect UK farmers and encourage UK industry, will the Minister consider giving the licensing process over to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and making the process farmer friendly?
It is, of course, important to make sure that UK industry can compete globally, and a light-touch regulatory framework is important in that.
We should be aware that some parts of the plant contain high levels of THC—tetrahydrocannabinol—and do need regulation, which is the Home Office’s concern.
I will be meeting DEFRA colleagues in the near future to make sure that our approach to regulation is as light-touch as possible, because, like him, I want to see our domestic industry flourish and I do not want any excessive regulation.
What recent progress her Department has made on reviewing the police funding formula.
The Government have said they will be reviewing the police funding formula, and I hope to have news for the House in the relatively near future about initiating the consultation process.
The formula is quite out of date and it needs overhauling, and we are working on that.
The record number of 1,455 police officers in Bedfordshire and the recent £6 million special grant are both very welcome indeed, but does the Minister recognise that it is simply not fair or right to go on funding a force with a series of one-off special grants that really need to be part of core funding?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I should take this opportunity to pay tribute to the Bedfordshire police and crime commissioner, Festus Akinbusoye, who has done a fantastic job for the people of Bedfordshire.
He advocated for more funding via the special grant and was successful.
He is a great representative for the people of Bedfordshire and I am pleased that he has delivered record police numbers in Bedfordshire, just as the Government have delivered record numbers of police across the whole of England and Wales.