The good people of Scunthorpe spotted this issue some time ago, so I thank my right hon.
Friend for his work on it and the measures he is recommending.
Has the similar open-data scheme that has been trialled in Germany resulted in a boost in competitiveness?
If so, when does my right hon.
Friend think we will start to see the results at the pumps here?
I hope from as soon as next month, under a voluntary scheme.
My hon.
Friend gives me the perfect opportunity to repeat how determined I am to see the companies provide the data so that we have something far less clunky, as it has been called, and far more comprehensive than what we have today, and so that that can lead to the benefits that have been found elsewhere.
I am not certain that the seriousness of the situation that faces rural constituencies is being taken appropriately into account.
My Angus constituents live in towns and landward areas that are miles away from supermarket fuels.
They pay the highest prices for fuel, they have no public transport to speak of so have to use their cars and vehicles, they pay the highest delivery prices and they are often on the lowest wages.
If the Minister thinks that greater transparency over fuel prices is going to help, he is stretching the point.
My constituents in Angus know how expensive their fuel is and they know how far they have to travel to get cheaper fuel.
This announcement will not fix the situation.
We need the Treasury to get its act together and intervene in what is essentially critical national infrastructure, which is what road fuel is.
I will take that as a further representation to His Majesty’s Treasury.
Motorists in and around Kettering have long suspected that petrol and diesel forecourt retailers have been inflating prices well above where they should be.
Prices go up far too quickly and come down far too slowly.
Given the fact that the petrol and diesel forecourt retailers effectively ignored the letter from the Business Secretary in May 2022, will the Minister assure my constituents that the Competition and Markets Authority will continue to monitor the market closely to ensure that does not happen again?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
Urging them to behave properly is not enough, which is why we will not only put in place a mandatory system to ensure that the data is there but ensure ongoing monitoring so that, as I said to our hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) , we have the data on which to base further intervention should that be required.
This is a very welcome announcement, especially in respect of the information on fuel-price competition that will allow drivers to look for fuel at petrol stations that are closer and have better prices, thereby enabling them to save money.
On any potential fuel fund offers, there is an older generation—I am probably one of them—who perhaps do not use apps and therefore do not understand how they work; what steps will the Minister take to ensure that they have access to information on fuel funding that is accessible for them and easily understood so that they, too, can take advantage of what is on offer?