The Minister has an interesting definition of being “on track”; did the number of decision makers not fall between January and May this year, from 1,333 to 1,280?
A constituent recently passed on to me a letter from a firm of local solicitors that said: “All possible avenues have been considered to avoid this situation but regrettably, the Home Office’s long term failure to progress asylum claims, and current Government immigration policy, has made it financially unsustainable for” these solicitors “to continue Legally Aided work.”
How does it help us as MPs on both sides of the House in our constituency offices, and how does it help with the backlog that the Home Office says it wants to reduce, to make sure that people do not have the legal representation they need to unblock the system and allow progress in asylum cases?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the problem with our asylum system is not a lack of lawyers; there are plenty of legal representatives around.
We have had strong overall progress on the backlog, and I am pleased to say that the early data that I have received suggests that last week saw the best performance in four years.
I know how seriously the Minister takes dealing with the legacy backlog, but, as the Home Secretary showed at the recent Home Affairs Committee, in order to deal with that backlog in the timeframe that the Government have set themselves it would require at least a quadrupling of the number of cases being dealt with as from  1 June .
Even with the extra 500 staff appointed at Stoke, that will be challenging.
Will the Minister give me an assurance that, if we have not managed to clear the backlog before the end of the year, it will not be done by a blanket amnesty?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
The Home Secretary, the Prime Minister and I explicitly chose not to pursue the blanket amnesty approach that the previous Labour Government pursued.
Instead, we put in the hard yards to improve productivity by streamlining processes, reducing unnecessary bureaucracy, ensuring that, where appropriate, interviews were conducted in a timely fashion, and recruiting more decision makers.
Since my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary appeared before the Committee, I am pleased to say that the data coming out of our caseworking team is very strong.
We are seeing significant progress.
As I just said, early indication suggests that last week was the best for over four years.
I am a bit mystified.
Given that 95% of these applications are successful, is it not the case that, if we speed up the process and make it easier and easier, more and more people will come?
Is not the only solution to detain people and to deport them—offshore them?
Those who suggest anything else are living in cloud cuckoo land and every single county will face what we face in Lincolnshire with thousands of illegal migrants having to be housed in unsuitable places.
Let us have an answer for once.
The approach that the Home Secretary and I have taken has been both to ensure that, where there are high grant rate nationalities, cases are pursued swiftly, and where there are low grant rate nationalities, such as Albanians—individuals from a safe European  country—who can and should be returned as quickly as possible, we do just that.
At this point last year, 30% of those arriving on small boats were coming from Albania; today, it is less than 2%.
That arrangement is clearly making good progress.
None the less, my right hon.
Friend makes an important point: those who suggest that we can simply grant our way out of this problem are, I am afraid, hopelessly naive.
The idea that the individuals coming across on small boats will, in most cases, make a significant net contribution to our economy is wrong.
The costs to the taxpayer are very significant.
The ongoing costs of education, access to welfare and community cohesion are very significant, which is why we need to stop the boats in the first place.