The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking to reduce net migration.
What steps she is taking to reduce net migration.
Net migration is too high, and this Government are determined to bring it down.
Indeed, that was one of the reasons why I voted and campaigned to leave the European Union in 2016.
Last month, I announced measures to reduce the number of student dependants coming to the UK, which has soared by 35%, and to stop people transferring from student visas to work visas.
We expect net migration to return to sustainable levels over time, and immigration policy is under constant review.
The Labour-Plaid coalition in Cardiff has declared Wales a “sanctuary for all.”
The world is welcome.
However, its Ukrainian super-sponsor scheme fell apart due to a lack of accommodation and planning, with families still crammed into single rooms.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Welsh Labour Government about the collapse of their super-sponsor scheme?
Does she know how many families are still inappropriately placed?
We are very proud of this country’s track record on providing sanctuary to people in need, and I am very proud of the support that the Government have given to Ukrainians fleeing Putin’s barbaric war.
But when it comes to broader accommodation costs relating to asylum seekers, it is clear that we are spending far too much—£6 million a day, or £3 billion a year—on housing asylum seekers in hotels.
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
She speaks frankly to Labour’s abject failure to offer any viable plan for support.
Labour is naive about the problem, and it is unrealistic about the solution.
Labour has no idea and no plan, and it is letting Wales down.
Do the Government have any plans to amend the minimum salary requirement for the skilled worker visa scheme?
We always keep the salary threshold under review but, as I said, net migration is too high and we need to get overall numbers down.
How do we do that?
Well, employers need to recruit more people who are already here, rather than advertising abroad so much.
We also need to get more people off welfare and back into economic activity, and our welfare reforms will help with that objective.
We cannot ignore the pressure that record levels of people coming to the UK puts on housing supply, public services and community relations.
That is why we need to focus on lowering net migration.
Of course, net emigration is the problem in some parts of the UK.
Will the Home Secretary pay attention to the plight of our economy in the lakes and dales, where almost two thirds of businesses are failing to meet demand because of a lack of workforce?
I have been speaking to the Minister for Immigration about a youth mobility visa scheme, negotiated bilaterally with other countries in Europe, to solve our economic needs so that our hospitality and tourism industries can survive.
How is the Home Secretary getting on with those discussions?
Migration is a very complex issue, and of course we have to balance the needs of the labour market.
That is why we are very pleased to support well-crafted youth mobility schemes.
There is one with India, and I have just come back from New Zealand, where we have expanded our youth mobility scheme.
They are great schemes that allow the exchange of young people, who can come here to serve and work in our economy.
It is very clear that the issue of migration must be settled and sorted out.
At the same time, it is important to note that those who have come from eastern Europe, the middle east and Africa are contributing to the economy of my Strangford constituency.
I think the Secretary of State is committed to ensuring that continues, but what discussions has she had with the Northern Ireland Assembly to ensure that we continue to have the workers we need?
No single measure can control net migration, but as the Prime Minister has been clear, net migration is too high.
That is why I recently announced a series of measures aimed at reducing the number of student dependants, which has risen exponentially over the past few years, and ensuring that students come here in a more proportionate and balanced way.