The chief constable of West Yorkshire police, John Robins QPM, recently told the BBC that his force does not have the resources that it needs to deliver the service that the public expect.
Cutting through the spin, he said that the force was down 2,000 staff and £140 million since 2010.
He said his force could deal with major incidents and crimes, but only at a cost to neighbourhood policing.
This comes from a force that was rated outstanding in planning and the use of resources in its latest inspection by His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and  rescue services.
Which bit of policing does the Minister think should not be done because forces simply do not have the resources?
The shadow Minister will know that in the police funding settlement for this year, 2023-24, there is around about £500 million extra—in fact, it is slightly over £500 million—for police forces up and down the country.
That has enabled us to deliver a record number of officers ever.
There are 149,572 officers—about 3,500 more than there were under the last Labour Government.
In West Yorkshire, which the shadow Minister asked about, neighbourhood crime is down by 30% since 2019 and overall crime—excluding fraud and computer misuse, which came into the figures only recently—is down by 52% since 2010.
I am still waiting for the shadow Home Secretary to apologise for being a member of a Government who presided over crime levels that are double those we have today.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the backlog of asylum applications.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the backlog of asylum applications.
We are making good progress, and the latest Home Office statistics show that asylum decisions are up, with a 35% increase since last year in the number made.
Productivity has increased, and we are on track to have 2,500 decision makers by September, which represents a quadrupling of the number of case workers.
Like many Members from all parties, I am constantly contacted by refugees who are desperate to know what is happening to their asylum claim after years of waiting, so I asked the Home Office how many refugees in Newcastle had been waiting for one, two, three, four and five years.
The answer came back that the Home Office does not know—it does not even record the data.
Instead of indulging in unworkable, unethical, illegal and unaffordable flights of Rwandan fantasy, why does the Home Secretary not focus on her day job and fix the asylum backlog?
As I just said, we are making good progress on reducing the asylum backlog.
Important though the reducing the backlog is, however, it cannot be the totality of a plan.
This is the point that the Labour party does not seem to understand: we have to stop the boats coming in the first place.
That is the only sustainable way to tackle the issue.
Even if we grant our way out of this problem, as the shadow Home Secretary seems to propose, the pressures on the state still remain; they are simply transferred to local authorities and the benefits system, and the British taxpayer continues to pick up the bill.