The Home Secretary will be aware of the documentary last week on the relationship between Boris Johnson and others, and former KGB officer Alexander Lebedev, and about the meeting in an Italian villa, the ignoring of security advice on Lords appointments, and the decision not to sanction Alexander Lebedev.
Given the importance of national security, will she tell the House whether she has any concerns about those reports?
Will she set up an independent investigation into what happened, into who knew what, and into how far the security risk spreads?
At the Home Office, the Minister for Security and I take seriously the threats posed by hostile state actors.
That is why the Minister for Security is chairing the Defending Democracy Taskforce, bringing together agencies and Departments in a cross-Whitehall approach to tackling the serious threats that we all face as parliamentarians and facing those in public office.
I gently remind the right hon.
Lady that one of her own parliamentary colleagues has a very dubious track record when it comes to working with the Chinese Communist party.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that police funding reflects rurality and the huge uplift in population experienced in remote coastal locations during the summer tourist season?
As I said in response to an earlier question, the Government intend to consult in due course on a new police funding formula, and part of that consultation will involve looking at the factors that should be taken into account.
Those might include things such as population and crime levels, but things such as rurality, sparsity and seasonality, particularly seasonal tourism, are likely to form part of the new formula.
I encourage Members across the House to engage closely with that consultation when it comes forward, to ensure that those factors are properly accounted for.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In recent weeks, the media have carried stories of patients who were receiving medical cannabis on private prescriptions, and who are now having their prescriptions paid for by the NHS.
On the surface that is a great leap forward, but parents of children with intractable epilepsy who have been asking for such things for years are still being ignored.
Will the Home Office consider reopening the 2018 licensing scheme to enable those children who are already being privately prescribed medical cannabis to have access to it via their NHS GP?
Many cannabis base compounds were moved wholesale to schedule 2 a few years ago, enabling them to be prescribed.
The question that the hon.
Gentleman asked about NHS prescription is perfectly reasonable and fair, but prescriptions on the NHS are a matter for the Department of Health and Social Care and for the NHS, including the NHS in Scotland.
I would be happy to pass on his inquiry to them.
May I assure my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary that the majority of my constituents in Sittingbourne and Sheppey understand that sending illegal migrants to Rwanda for processing is key to stopping small-boat crossings in the channel?
Will she assure them that despite concerted opposition from the Labour party, she will deliver her plan?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
We are disappointed by the judgment of the Court of Appeal, but we are determined to follow through.
He is right to say that we have to add deterrence to the system, as it is only by breaking the business model of the people smugglers that we will stop the boats.
My constituents want community policing.
Kim McGuinness, the police and crime commissioner for Northumbria, has put in place a redeployment programme to get an extra 134 officers into neighbourhoods, but that will not make up for the 1,100 officers and the £148 million that we have lost due to budget cuts.
And before the Minister mentions “plans”, that will still leave us 400 officers short.
Why have the Tories failed so badly to get police officers on to the beat?
As I mentioned in earlier answers, across England and Wales we now have record police numbers of 149,572.
The previous peak was 146,030 in 2010, so we have 3,500 more officers than we have ever had before across England and Wales.
In Northumbria, the number has gone up by 512 since 2015.
Of course, many of the powers sit with the PCC, including powers over the precept.
It is entirely open to police and crime commissioners to use those powers.
Today, Operation Centurion has started across Lancashire, utilising £2 million from the Government to put more police officers on our streets tackling antisocial behaviour.
In my constituency, that means almost 2,500 extra hours of police patrols in Padiham.
It will have a major impact, but we can do more.
Can I ask the Home Secretary whether the safer streets fund will have another round so that we can make physical changes, as well as getting more officers on the streets?
I am delighted with the progress being made to tackle antisocial behaviour in Burnley and Padiham.
As my hon.
Friend will know, we have allocated almost £1 million to roll out pilots of ASB hotspot response in 2023-24.
A new round of safer streets will be announced soon.
I take this opportunity to thank Lancashire police, which has launched an ASB problem-solving unit.
It ran Operation Propulsion, which involved more officers patrolling locations dealing with motor nuisance and boy racers, and it has had a real good  crackdown on residential burglary thanks to Operation Defender.
Neighbourhood crime has fallen by 26% in Lancashire.
Tribute must be paid to Chief Constable Chris Rowley and the police and crime commissioner, Andrew Snowden.
Given the exchanges earlier, I am obliged to ask the Home Secretary whether she understands the difference between using a cruise ship for the temporary accommodation of Ukrainian refugees, with a shared language and experience, and who have the right to work and are being actively relocated in the community, and using it essentially as a prison ship for the indefinite long-term detention of asylum seekers, who have no right to leave, no right to work, no right to benefits and no recourse to public funds.
Does the Department appreciate the difference?
I am disappointed by the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks.
He knows perfectly well that the proposition was not a prison ship.
This is a ship that will be used in exactly the same way as the SNP Government did in Scotland, and in exactly the same way as the Belgian and the Dutch Governments are doing in their respective areas.
If I may say, in Edinburgh today, there are 37 asylum seekers.
That is disgraceful.
If the SNP cared about this issue, it would step up, support asylum seekers and back our Bill.
People in Southend West want to see a tough, but just policy on illegal immigration that stops people unfairly jumping the queue, that stops evil people smugglers and above all stops vulnerable people drowning in the channel.
Will my right hon.
Friend therefore agree that we must continue to send a strong signal that it is this Government —not unelected lawyers or criminal gangs—who will decide who comes to this country?
At the core of this question is: who decides who comes to this country?
Is it for the Government and Parliament, or is it for people smugglers and human traffickers?
Those of us on the Government Benches know exactly which side of the debate we are on; we want to stop the boats, and we want to secure our borders.
The family of my constituent who fled Sudan have been stuck in Egypt for more than two months awaiting a spousal visa.
Four of the group of five have UK passports.
Can the Minister tell us how long he would expect people to be waiting in this kind of situation when they have suffered such distress and anxiety?
I would be happy to look into the case for the hon.
Gentleman, but I can say to him that we are processing applications in third countries within service standards.
We have closed the visa application centre in Khartoum for obvious reasons to protect the security of our staff and contractors, but we have teams in Egypt, Saudi Arabia and in other close countries who are there to support applicants, such as his constituents.
Given this morning’s U-turn by the Mayor of London on selling off Uxbridge police station, does the Minister believe that the Mayor should also act to save Barnet police station?
If he does not, the Mayor’s decision on Uxbridge looks like cynical political gameplaying and interference in a by-election.
I and many other Londoners were concerned when, I think in 2017, Sadiq Khan announced plans to close 37 police stations.
Thanks to the resolute campaigning of local councillor Steve Tuckwell in Hillingdon, Sadiq Khan has executed a last-minute handbrake U-turn under pressure, which I am sure is entirely unconnected with the upcoming by-election.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that if Sadiq Khan is to have any credibility at all with Londoners—he currently has pretty much none—he should reverse not just that one police station closure plan but all his police station closure plans.
Using the maximum police precept on council tax, having to tap into half a million pounds of reserves and yet again relying on grant funding shows that the Bedfordshire police and crime commissioner has failed to secure the long-term funding that our force desperately needs.
Now he is off pursuing his personal ambitions as the next Tory candidate for Mid Beds.
The review of police funding is welcome, but when will the House see it?
Will it be before the summer recess?
I cannot set out a precise timeframe—it is being actively worked on—but I point out that Festus, the police and crime commissioner for Bedfordshire, is doing a fantastic job for the people of that county.
It is thanks to his active, energetic, persuasive and eloquent interventions that Bedfordshire has received these special grants.
Its base budget has also gone up by £6.1 million this year thanks to his fantastic work.
Last week, Nigel Farage publicised the cancellation of his bank account under the politically exposed persons regulation, but he is only the latest of a number of people to have had their lives wrecked by that regulation.
Recently, Lords in the other place tried to correct the policy, but with only partial success, because, I understand, of pushback from the Home Office and the security services.
Will the Minister explain why that is and what he will do about it?
I am delighted to be asked a question.
Yesterday, the Treasury and the Home Office came together and agreed various things that were announced in the House of Lords: the PEPs agreement.
Such a closure on political grounds, if that is indeed what has happened—after all, we have only the allegation of it at this point—should, therefore, be completely unacceptable.
PEPs is there to prevent the corrupt use of banking facilities by politicians in corrupt regimes.
It is not there to silence individuals who may hold views with which we may or may not agree.