The Minister clearly thinks that that is a very clever line, but he knows well that Glasgow takes more refugees per head of population than any other local authority in the United Kingdom.
The line he is trotting out is simply wrong and it is insulting to all those in Scotland who have opened their homes to Ukrainians, the communities across the country who have welcomed Syrians and the volunteers in the big cities who work with asylum seekers every day, helping them to overcome trauma.
If he wants Scotland to do more to welcome refugees, when is he going to devolve the power and the financial levers that would allow us to do so?
For good reason, immigration is a reserved matter, but the statistics I have just read out make the point as clear as can be.
The SNP tries its very best to undermine the Government’s work to stop the boats, but it refuses to accommodate these people when they arrive, and the costs of its fake humanitarianism are borne by everyone but itself.
That is not just hypocrisy; it is deeply irresponsible, and the public have had enough.
It is not the Scottish Government’s policy towards immigration, refugees and asylum seekers that has been ruled unlawful by the Court of Appeal.
If the Minister wants the system to work and he wants the Scottish Government to do their part, he must take more action to clear the backlog, as we have heard; there must be proper safe and legal rights for people to arrive; and they must be given the right to work when they get here, because then they can pay for their own accommodation and they will not cost the taxpayer money.
Just the other day, the Home Office suggested to the Scottish Government that a vessel that had been used to house Ukrainian refugees in Leith could be used for others who are asylum seekers—the same vessel, the same port, the same provider, the same package.
What did the SNP say?
No.
What recent assessment she has made of the compatibility of the Illegal Migration Bill with the 1951 UN refugee convention.
While I am pleased that the Court of Appeal found that the Government are not in breach of our obligations under the refugee convention, I fundamentally disagree with the judgment that Rwanda is not a safe place for refugees and we are seeking permission to appeal.
The Government take our international obligations very seriously and we are satisfied that the provisions in the Illegal Migration Bill comply with the refugee convention.
The fundamental principle remains, however, that those in need of protection should claim asylum at the earliest opportunity and in the first safe country that they reach.
The Home Secretary and the Government website say that they are satisfied that the provisions of the Illegal Migration Bill comply with the 1951 UN refugee convention.
I am looking for clarity from the Home Secretary.
What exactly is it about persecuting the most vulnerable groups, creating a hostile environment and stripping people of their right to seek safety that complies so well with the UN refugee convention?
As I have made clear, we take our international obligations very seriously, and we are satisfied that the Bill complies with the refugee convention.
With respect to the hon.
Lady, I will not take lectures from the SNP on this matter.
SNP Members are, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  said, the phoney humanitarians in this debate.
They are happy to support asylum seekers as long as they are nowhere near Scotland.
When they stop opposing the vessel in Leith, which will house more asylum seekers, then we can have a serious conversation.
The UN Refugee Agency has its own asylum seeker relocation programme: it flies asylum seekers from Libya to Rwanda in a scheme part-funded by the European Union.
How on earth can Rwanda be deemed not to be a safe country if the UN Refugee Agency itself is using it as a safe haven?
As always, my hon.
Friend makes a powerful point, and I could not agree with him more.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees runs an extensive scheme in Rwanda, and supports the resettlement of many thousands of migrants.
I met some of them in my recent visit to Rwanda.
They are happy and grateful for the generosity and welcome that Rwanda has offered them, which has allowed them to restart their lives.
I am frankly very disappointed by the constant smears and assumptions, which are based on  outdated and ignorant views, denigrating our allies in Rwanda.
I am nothing but grateful to our partners in Rwanda for the continued co-operation.
What steps she is taking to tackle street crime by young people.
I am pleased to report that, according to the crime survey, violence is down by 41% and criminal damage is down by 68% since 2010.
But we would like to do more.
That is why we now have record numbers of police and why we are investing in the safer streets fund, £200 million in the Youth Endowment Fund and £170 million in violence reduction units.
We have also launched our antisocial behaviour strategy, about which the Home Secretary will speak in a moment.
Now is a good time to put on the record an intervention made by Mr Speaker in his capacity as the Member of Parliament for Chorley.
Thanks to his recent intervention with me and the chief constable, Chorley town centre is one of the areas that will receive antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols, and I am sure that the people of Chorley are very grateful to Mr Speaker for the intervention that he made on their behalf.
Well done, Mr Speaker!