In addition, he

serves on the Board of Directors for the Central Texas YMCA and the

Board of Governors of the Central Texas Community Foundation.
For his

extraordinary efforts during and after service he was awarded the 2023

Lieutenant General Raymond S. McLain Medal.
I am honored to join MG Hamilton's friends and family in celebrating

his outstanding achievements.
His commitment to selfless service makes

him a deeply respected and honorable recipient of the Congressional

Veteran Commendation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 1, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 2

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine restoring Boeing's status as

a great American manufacturer, focusing on safety

first.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Katharine

MacGregor, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary of the

Interior, and James Danly, of Tennessee, to be Deputy

Secretary of Energy.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine constructing the Surface

Transportation Reauthorization bill, focusing on United

States Secretary of Transportation's perspective.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations.
S-116

10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine District Judges, focusing on

exploring legislative solutions to the bipartisan

problem of universal injunctions.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Indian Affairs

To hold an oversight hearing to examine Native American

education, focusing on Federal programs at the U.S.

Department of Education.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider S. 1199, SBA Fraud

Enforcement Extension Act.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
APRIL 3

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the posture of the United

States European Command and United States Africa

Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program; to be immediately followed by a closed hearing

in SVC-217.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Scott

Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of

Personnel Management, and Eric Matthew Ueland, of

Virginia, to be Deputy Director for Management, Office

of Management and Budget.
10 a.m.

Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Paul

Atkins, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Securities

and Exchange Commission, Jonathan Gould, of Virginia,

to be Comptroller of the Currency, and Luke Pettit, of

the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary,

both of the Department of the Treasury, and Marcus

Molinaro, of New York, to be Federal Transit

Administrator, Department of Transportation.