During the Quarry Fire in 2024, Nathan

managed the EOC and re-entry plans--ensuring all evacuees were able to

return home safely.
Nathan's commitment to public service extends

beyond Jefferson County--he also deployed to Sarasota County, Florida

to provide critical support during Hurricane Milton.
Nathan has led the way in adapting innovative technology and

strategies that have strengthened our community's preparedness and

resilience.
We are grateful for his leadership and commitment to

keeping our communities safe.
On behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh Congressional District,

it is my honor to thank Nathan Whittington for his service to the

Jefferson County community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING THE SERVICE OF COMMANDER JON LUX

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr Speaker, I am proud to honor Commander Jon

Lux, U.S. Navy, Retired, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
Commander Lux's commitment, strength, and leadership reflects the very

best of Texas.
Commander Lux's distinguished naval career spanned over 2 decades.
After being commissioned as an Ensign in the U.S. Navy, he served as a

Surface Warfare Officer on multiple sea tours, primarily in the Middle

East.
His assignments also include serving as Commander, Mine Warfare

Command and Commander, Mine Countermeasures Squadron Three, as well as

Executive Officer of Naval Station Ingleside, Texas.
Following his military service, Commander Lux continued to

demonstrate his dedication to his community.
He has served on the Cedar

Park City Council, the Cedar Park Tourism and Advisory Board, and the

Planning and Zoning Committee.
Additionally, he is a member of the

Board of Directors for the Williamson County Appraisal Board, where he

also chaired the Bond Oversight Committee.
Driven by a passion for

service, Commander Lux was a founding member of American Legion Post

911 in Cedar Park, raising funds for the Gold Star Monument and

supporting Boys and Girls State programs.
Commander Lux is a devoted

husband to his wife, Michelle, and a proud father to their two

children.
I commend Commander Lux's dedication to his community and our Nation.
I join his colleagues, family, and friends, in honoring his career,

saluting his commitment to public service, and celebrating his

outstanding achievements.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SALUTING THE SERVICE OF MAJOR GENERAL PATRICK HAMILTON

HON.
JOHN R. CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to salute the

extraordinary career of Major General Patrick Hamilton, U.S. Army,

Retired, with a Congressional Veteran Commendation.
His service to both

the Army and

his Nation exemplifies our Nation's altruistic spirit.
MG Hamilton served honorably in Armor and Cavalry units in the Texas

Army National Guard for 35 years.
He served full time in operational

assignments including Director of the Joint Staff, Chief of Staff to

the Adjutant General of Texas, and the Texas Army National Guard

Director of Operations.
In 2000, MG Hamilton served with the 49th Armored Division in Bosnia-

Herzegovina as the Current Operations Officer.
He later deployed to

Afghanistan where he served as the Red Team Leader for the Commanding

General.
Additionally in 2017, he served as the Joint Task Force

Commanding General for Hurricane Harvey military response, commanding

18,000 troops supporting evacuation and aid operations.
From 2018 to 2021, MG Hamilton served as the Commanding General of

the 36th Infantry Division, where he commanded soldiers in nine

countries across the Middle East as part of Task Force Spartan, under

Operation Spartan Shield.
MG Hamilton's retirement did not end his service.
He continues to

train National Guard Division Commanders and staffs.
In addition, he

serves on the Board of Directors for the Central Texas YMCA and the

Board of Governors of the Central Texas Community Foundation.
For his

extraordinary efforts during and after service he was awarded the 2023

Lieutenant General Raymond S. McLain Medal.
I am honored to join MG Hamilton's friends and family in celebrating

his outstanding achievements.