Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PATSY PETTUS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
57

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF PATSY PETTUS

HON.
ROBERT J. WITTMAN

Mr. WITTMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the

life of Patsy Pettus, a cherished member of our community.
Patsy is an

extraordinary individual whose life has exemplified nothing short of

the beauty in living life curiously.
Patsy is a passionate member of the Richmond community.
Through her

love of art and architecture, she has bettered the lives of everyone

around her.
Described by many as the ``role model for aging

gracefully,'' her lively character has made her a beloved figure to all

who have the joy of knowing her.
Patsy's commitment to the local

community leaves an indelible mark on our district and beyond.
Patsy's efforts as an advocate for art programs across the state will

leave a legacy to inspire generations to come.
The Virginia Museum of

Fine Arts, where she volunteered as a docent decades ago, has benefited

greatly from her and her beloved husband Hunter's generosity and

support.
Her family's contributions to Virginia Commonwealth

University's (VCU) Institute for Contemporary Arts helped transform the

creative arts programs at VCU.
Ask anyone in Richmond's art scene and

Patsy's name will bring a sparkle to their eyes--She has always been

known as the life of the party.
join me in celebrating Patsy.
Our community is eternally grateful for

everything she and her husband Hunter have done.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JUDY ADAMS AND THE I SUPPORT THE 1% FOOD PANTRY FOR THEIR

SERVICE TO MICHIGAN VETERANS

HON.
LISA C. McCLAIN

Mrs. McClain.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

extraordinary dedication and service of Judy Adams, Director of the I

Support the 1% Food Pantry.
The I Support the 1% Food Pantry, an

organization celebrating its 10th anniversary this year, is committed

to ensuring that no veteran in Michigan goes hungry.
Through their

tireless efforts, Judy and her team have provided not just food but

also hope and dignity to those who bravely served our Nation.
Founded on July 28, 2014, and opening its doors in April 2015, the I

Support the 1% Food Pantry was established in response to the growing

crisis of food insecurity among veterans and military reserve members.
Too many of our Nation's heroes struggle to put food on the table,

often feeling ashamed or hopeless in their hardship Judy and her team

understand the critical need for support and made it their mission to

ensure that ``No Veteran Should Ever Go Hungry.''
The pantry partners with VA social workers, including those in the

HUD-VASH Homeless program and Home-Based Primary Care program, to

ensure food reaches veterans in need--even those who are homebound due

to medical conditions.
Additionally, the I Support the 1% Food Pantry works directly with

military reserve units, assisting service members and their families

during times of financial difficulty.
Since its founding, the pantry

has served over 1,000 veterans across Michigan, including WWII and

Korean War veterans living on fixed incomes, combat-wounded veterans,

and those struggling with PTSD and economic hardship.
For many, the

pantry is the difference between going hungry and being able to provide

for their families.
Thanks to Judy Adams and I Support the 1% Food

Pantry, these veterans now have a place to turn for assistance and

compassion.
Mr. Speaker, the work of Judy Adams and the I Support the 1% Food

Pantry is a testament to the power of community and service.
Their

unwavering commitment to Michigan's veterans embodies the very spirit

of selflessness and patriotism.
Today, we honor Judy Adams for her

leadership, her compassion, and her unyielding dedication to ensuring

that those who have served our Nation never have to face hunger alone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.