Since its

inception, the chapter has been a steadfast beacon of service,

community involvement, and the embodiment of the principles upheld by

Zeta Phi Beta.
Founded on November 10, 1976, with the leadership of then State

Director Bertha Blackburn and co-founders Henri E. Lowe and Maxine P.

Stewart, Theta Pi Zeta began its journey in a small yet significant way

at the Western Sizzlin' Steak House in Greenwood, Mississippi.
The

chapter's roots are deeply intertwined with the spirit of dedication,

as evidenced by the work of Henri E. Lowe and M'Elena Matthews, who

signed the chapter's charter application, helping to ensure its

establishment.
Throughout the years, 14 remarkable women have served as president,

with the late Henri E. Lowe leading the charge during the formative

years.
Currently, under the leadership of Denise Pitchford, the chapter

continues its dedication to service and community outreach, earning

recognition at the state and regional levels.
The chapter boasts 32

financial members and has been involved in countless community

initiatives, such as hosting a State Round-Up for Zetas in Greenwood,

Mississippi, and supporting local events like the March for Babies

campaign.
The Itta Bena Amicae Auxiliary, established in 1986 and sponsored by

Sister Shirley Burks, remains a vital part of the chapter's outreach

efforts, and the chapter's youth auxiliaries--including the Archonette,

Amicette, and Pearlette Clubs--engage in community service projects

like adopting families for Thanksgiving and Christmas, ringing

Salvation Army bells, and delivering care bags to local nursing homes.
The chapter's charter members, such as Riller Bennett, Thelma

Collins, Laura Davis, Doroty Edwards, Amanda Elzy, Anna Hicks, Irene

Howard, Zelma Howard, Jean Jennings, Henri E. Lowe, M'Elena Mathews,

Betty Morris, Geneva Pickens, Henrine Stewart, Bobbie Wicks, Ann

Wilson, and Malinda Winters laid the foundation for what has become a

powerful and enduring force in the Mississippi Delta.
Many of them have

left lasting legacies, including the late Henri E. Lowe, and Florence

Weathersby, who served for an impressive 70 years and remained an

inspiration to many.
The chapter's commitment to service continues with a full slate of

community activities for 2025, including events like hosting a

Sisterhood Tea for Women's History Month, visiting nursing homes,

organizing water hydration drives, and supporting the March of Dimes

Campaign.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in taking a moment to

acknowledge the Theta Pi Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Inc.,

for their unwavering dedication to service, leadership, and the

betterment of their community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF BRENDA FAYE GRAHAM JOHNSON

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Brenda Faye Graham

Johnson, who passed away on March 26th at the age of 77.
On March 31, 1947, Ms. Johnson was born in Christiansburg, Virginia,

but was raised in nearby Salem, Virginia.
After graduating from Andrew

Lewis High School, she attended Marion College in Marion, Virginia.
Ms.

Johnson graduated as part of the last class from Marion College.
Following her studies at Radford University, where she earned a

teaching degree, Ms. Johnson taught in the classroom.
She stayed close

to Southwest Virginia during her life and raised a family with her

loving husband, Don, by her side.
In addition to her service as an educator, Ms. Johnson helped

contribute to the Republican Party of Virginia in various capacities.
Primarily, Ms. Johnson held officer roles in the Republican Party of

Bristol and the Republican Party of Salem, two units who helped shape

local conservative candidates for elected office.
Virginia's Ninth District Republican Committee benefitted from Ms.

Johnson's loyalty and service, particularly in her role as the

Committee's official secretary.
This sometimes required her throughout

the year to drive away from home to assist the Committee with its

meetings and business.
A woman of strong faith and appreciation for the Lord, Ms. Johnson

was an active member of Salem's First United Methodist Church.