Their

unwavering commitment to Michigan's veterans embodies the very spirit

of selflessness and patriotism.
Today, we honor Judy Adams for her

leadership, her compassion, and her unyielding dedication to ensuring

that those who have served our Nation never have to face hunger alone.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MRS.
ROSA MAE WILLIAMS ON HER 95TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR.
Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a devoted mother,

a woman of faith, and an extraordinary Georgian, Mrs. Rosa Mae

Williams.
Mrs. Williams celebrated her 95th birthday with her family

and friends on March 22, 2025, in Leary, Georgia.
Mrs. Williams was born in Chula, Georgia on March 22, 1930.
Throughout her 95 years on this earth, she has exemplified hard work,

resilience, and dedication to her community.
As a single mother who

raised 13 children, she faced great challenges but never wavered in her

commitment to her children's education and success.
Mrs. Williams takes

great pride in her children, and while she did not have the opportunity

to receive a formal education herself, she was successful in steering

most of her kids towards earning a degree of higher education.
They

attended institutions such as Morehouse College, Spelman College,

Georgia Tech, Clark Atlanta University, and Albany State University.
A woman of strong faith, Mrs. Williams has been a member of Bethel

C.M.E. Church in Leary for over 70 years where she currently holds the

position of Mother of the Church.
Her deep faith has been the guiding

light of her life, and her legacy is rooted in her devotion to both her

family and her Heavenly Father.
Mrs. Williams instilled within her children the importance of hard

work, education, and faith.
Over the course of her life, she has been

proud to see her offspring continue to make meaningful contributions to

the community.
Thanks to her devoted parenting, her children have gone

on to take on professions as attorneys, educators, elected officials,

corporate managers, and more.
Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said that ``service is the

rent we pay for the space we occupy here on this earth.''
As we

celebrate Mrs. Williams' 95 years of life, we can say without a doubt

that Mrs. Rosa Mae Williams has paid her rent and paid it well.
Her

dedicated life of service to her family and community is truly

commendable.
I know that her children and grandchildren are very proud

unconditional love.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of

Representatives to join my wife Vivian, and me--along with the family

and loved ones of Mrs. Rosa Mae Williams--in extending our heartfelt

congratulations and best wishes to her on this remarkable occasion.
May

God continue to bless her with health, peace, and joy, and may her

example continue to inspire us all.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THETA PI ZETA CHAPTER OF ZETA PHI BETA SORORITY, INC.
HON.
BENNIE G. THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a

truly exceptional organization, the Theta Pi Zeta Chapter of Zeta Phi

Beta Sorority, Inc., based in Itta Bena, Mississippi.
Since its

inception, the chapter has been a steadfast beacon of service,

community involvement, and the embodiment of the principles upheld by

Zeta Phi Beta.
Founded on November 10, 1976, with the leadership of then State

Director Bertha Blackburn and co-founders Henri E. Lowe and Maxine P.

Stewart, Theta Pi Zeta began its journey in a small yet significant way

at the Western Sizzlin' Steak House in Greenwood, Mississippi.
The

chapter's roots are deeply intertwined with the spirit of dedication,

as evidenced by the work of Henri E. Lowe and M'Elena Matthews, who

signed the chapter's charter application, helping to ensure its

establishment.