Virginia's Ninth District Republican Committee benefitted from Ms.

Johnson's loyalty and service, particularly in her role as the

Committee's official secretary.
This sometimes required her throughout

the year to drive away from home to assist the Committee with its

meetings and business.
A woman of strong faith and appreciation for the Lord, Ms. Johnson

was an active member of Salem's First United Methodist Church.
In addition to her husband, family remaining to cherish her memory

includes her children, Jessica J. Funk (Kevin), and Lauren J. Paige,

both of Richmond, Va.; grandson, Declan Funk; siblings, Connie Melton

(Carter), Jennifer Brown (Bill), and Bradley Graham; and many nieces

and nephews.
I always appreciated her dedication to the Republican Party and

helping the various Republican committees where she was living.
Further, Brenda and her husband helped to start the Salem G.O.P.'s

annual Olde Salem Days Breakfast which has grown into a major event for

candidates seeking a Republican nomination in Virginia.
Ms. Johnson's love for Southwest Virginia and her community was

strongly evident.
Whether it was helping a student with reading or

passing out campaign literature to voters, Ms. Johnson made a profound

impression on those around her.
She will be missed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
GLENN THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, due to unforseen

scheduling complications, I was unable to attend the first vote in the

series.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
77.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BOB DAVIDSON'S LEGACY

HON.
PRAMILA JAYAPAL

Ms. JAYAPAL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the career and

legacy of Bob Davidson.
Bob is retiring after 23 years of committed

service as the CEO and President of the Seattle Aquarium.
I am so

grateful for his tireless efforts to make the Seattle Aquarium a leader

in conservation, education, and visitor experience.
Thanks to Bob's leadership, the Seattle Aquarium is now the largest

marine conservation institution in the northwestern United States.
His

work has transformed the Seattle Aquarium from a local aquarium into a

globally recognized conservation organization.
Bob waited to step down

from his post until the completion of the $180 million Ocean Pavilion,

which highlights sea life in the biodiverse Indo-Pacific Coral Triangle

and educates guests on how we must work together to protect the world's

oceans.
His wide array of professional experiences helped him forge the

partnerships necessary to complete the Ocean Pavilion project.
Bob also

led Woodland Park Zoo's $40 million renovation project that transformed

the zoo into a modern leader for design and habitats.
Thanks to Bob Davidson's many accomplishments, Seattle has seen

significant expansion and continued improvement of the Aquarium's

buildings, the ongoing transformation of the Seattle waterfront, and

the growing reputation of the Seattle Aquarium as a global leader in

ocean conservation.
I am very grateful for his incredible service and

confident that he will continue to be a staunch advocate for protecting

our oceans and sea life.
His leadership will serve as a model for years

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATHAN WHITTINGTON

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nathan

Whittington of Broomfield, Colorado for receiving the 2024 Statewide

Emergency Manager of the Year Award.
As the Jefferson County Sheriff's Office's Emergency Manager, Nathan

leads coordination and response plans during natural disasters and

other emergencies.
He was instrumental in developing Jeffco's new

Emergency Operations Center.
During the Quarry Fire in 2024, Nathan

managed the EOC and re-entry plans--ensuring all evacuees were able to

return home safely.
Nathan's commitment to public service extends

beyond Jefferson County--he also deployed to Sarasota County, Florida

to provide critical support during Hurricane Milton.
Nathan has led the way in adapting innovative technology and

strategies that have strengthened our community's preparedness and

resilience.