On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I wish to add to the tributes that others have paid to Lieutenant Rhodri Leyshon.
He served with the Commando Helicopter Force in 846 Naval Air Squadron at Yeovilton.
The Royal Navy said that Rhodri was one of their “most trusted and highly capable aircraft captains and instructors”.
Our thoughts are with his family.
I am reminded of the saying “train hard, fight easy”.
It is attributed to the 18th-century Russian commander Field Marshal Suvorov, but the Russians are not practising that today, sending to the front Russians who have had as little as two weeks’ training.
By contrast, the training that has been provided under Operation Interflex has enabled Ukrainian troops to hold ground and exploit Russian weaknesses.
The Liberal Democrats welcome the announcement last week at the Ukraine Defence Contact Group that Operation Interflex will continue until the end of 2025.
Indeed, we have welcomed announcements on Ukraine from the current Government and the previous Government, and we would not want to see any party political capital sought from the solid British support for Ukraine.
We have seen some failures by the British state in recent years to plan for contingencies, whether post-invasion planning for Iraq or for a non-flu pandemic.
We have discovered that sometimes in the British state there is a little bit of “hope for the best”.
On support for Ukraine by the United States, what contingency planning is being undertaken for an uplift in our support for Ukraine—and by other states in the Ukraine Defence Contact Group—in the event that a gap opens up with a US Administration under Trump and Vance?
I am sure that Lieutenant Leyshon’s family will appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
The outcome of the US presidential election will be determined by the American people.
This country has a deep relationship with the US: it is our most important security ally, and we are its most important intelligence ally.
The relationship goes back decades and has survived the ups and downs of the political cycles on both sides of the Atlantic.
We are determined that it will do so again, whatever the result of the election.
On the question of training, I cannot match the hon.
Gentleman in citing 18th-century military figures, but I can say that the mismatch between the level of training that we and allies are trying to provide to Ukrainian troops is part of the attempt to counter the outmatch in numbers on the Russian side.
I can confirm to the House that that includes not just the 45,000 Ukrainian troops trained so far under Operation Interflex since Putin’s invasion, but the 93 F-16 pilots trained in English and technical matters as well as flying, and almost 1,000 Ukrainian marines trained by the UK, working with allies.
That is why I was able to make the announcement last week at Ramstein that this important UK training effort, linked into the new NATO arrangements, will be part of the way that we equip Ukraine forces for the future to be better prepared and trained than their Russian adversaries.
Let us be under no illusion: in the face of Russian aggression and invasion, the defence of the UK starts in Ukraine.
My right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary was right to focus not only on the immediate challenges facing Ukraine but on the longer-term imperatives.
Does he agree that the UK-Ukraine friendship is not just for the short term or for as long as it takes, but must endure in the years and decades to come?
I do indeed.
A lot of attention is given to military aid to support Ukraine’s short-term needs—its immediate battlefield requirements—but in the longer  term we need to reinforce Ukraine’s capacity to produce for itself.
That is why an important element of the steps we have taken to step up support for Ukraine, since the election just two months ago, has been to sign a defence export treaty, which I was privileged to sign with Defence Minister Umerov in No. 10 Downing Street.
It provides some £3.5 billion-worth of export credit guarantees that will help us do more to get the equipment Ukraine needs manufactured and exported, and into Ukrainian hands for its fight against Putin’s invasion.