It is clear that our prisons are at breaking point.
The Conservatives’ failure to tackle the courts backlog has directly contributed to prison overcrowding.
Thanks to their neglect and mismanagement, the Government have been left with no choice but to take these measures.
However, the Lord Chancellor said in her statement in July that these measures would be reviewed “within 18 months of implementation—at the very latest, in March 2026.”—[Official Report,  25 July 2024 ; Vol. 752, c. 833.]
That is a long time away, particularly given the various stories we are hearing about certain individuals being released.
Will the Secretary of State once again confirm that no dangerous criminals will be released early?
We have taken every measure available to us to exclude offences from this measure.
Serious violence, sexual violence and offences connected to domestic abuse have all been excluded, as have terror offences and so on—the hon.
Gentleman will know the list of exclusions.
We will work with our probation service, which has done a heroic amount of work over the summer to deliver this policy, in the coming months.
We will also work very closely with criminal justice system partners to make sure that the roll-out of the scheme is as safe as possible.
We have taken every measure, we will continue to keep matters under review and I will keep the House updated in due course.
We need to speed up a little.
We are only now getting to Question 2.
What steps she is taking to support the rehabilitation of offenders.
What steps she is taking to support the rehabilitation of offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending.
Hon.
Members are right to focus on reducing reoffending.
Nearly 80% of offending is reoffending, and it has an immense cost to the taxpayer and to communities.
As the Lord Chancellor said, we have inherited a difficult situation in relation to prison capacity, which makes it harder to address the rehabilitation needs of prisoners.
The House should have no doubt that this Government will roll up our sleeves and get on with the job of reducing reoffending.
My point speaks to what the Minister just said.
The lack of prison capacity means that some people are locked up in their cells for 22 or 23 hours a day, and many prisons are ranked insufficient or poor for delivering purposeful activities such as education and training.
How does the Minister plan to address that while we still have a bulging prison population?
How will he increase the provision of those purposeful activities?
We are taking the hard decisions that are necessary to create space and capacity in the Prison Service to address that issue.
The hon.
Member is right that the report from His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Prisons identified the provision of sufficient purposeful activity as its No. 1 issue to address.
We know that education and employment help to reduce significantly the chance of reoffending, and we will work to do that with the Prison and Probation Service.
rose— Order.
You are supposed to sit down, Minister!
I know that you are enjoying the Dispatch Box on your return, but please do not over-enjoy it.
I call Monica Harding.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  mentioned, the chief inspector of prisons said this morning that prisoners can sometimes be banged up in their cells for up to 22 hours a day, that classrooms and workshops are empty, and that education and training are simply not given the priority they need.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, in order to cut reoffending, it is time to introduce a proper workable plan to improve the rehabilitation of people leaving prison?
My own example demonstrates that training and education are very important in whatever role one takes on, so I agree wholeheartedly with what the hon.
Member says.
Addressing literacy in UK prisons is crucial for successful rehabilitation.
Improved literacy skills empower inmates with better job prospects, aiding their reintegration into society.
Education fosters personal growth, self-esteem and decision-making abilities, which are essential for a crime-free life.
Investing in prison literacy programmes is a vital step towards creating safer communities and offering inmates a genuine second chance.
What comprehensive strategies are being implemented to address that?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right: literacy and numeracy are crucial.
I was pleased to visit HMP Humber recently, where I saw excellent best practice.
It is important that those programmes are in place, that we learn from best practice and that we continue to do our best in that area.
A key driver of rehabilitation and the prevention of reoffending is sentencing policy.
In our manifesto, we promised a review of sentencing policy—quite properly.
When is that likely to take place, and will it take account of the very interesting recent paper by former Lord Chief Justices on sentencing inflation?
The paper to which my hon.
Friend refers is a significant one, and I urge all Members to look at it.
The Government are committed to a review of sentencing policy, and it will commence as soon as it can.
We will report in due time.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
The Government are deeply committed to supporting victims of rape and sexual violence.
To do that, we will increase the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner and get victims the information that they need, provide free legal advocates to uphold the rights of victims of rape, and fast-track rape cases to drive down waiting times for victims of those abhorrent offences.
Last week, “Emmerdale” aired an upsetting episode dealing with the domestic abuse suffered by Belle Dingle.
The storyline has shown just how difficult it can be for someone to leave an abusive relationship, not least because of the psychological control exercised by abusers.
Some victims also need somewhere to go for safety.
According to the latest available figures, Scarborough has the highest rate of reported domestic abuse in North Yorkshire, but there is still no refuge for victims in the town.
Will my hon.
Friend work with me, colleagues across Government and stakeholders to find the funding to ensure that a refuge finally opens in Scarborough?
As an avid “Emmerdale” fan, I saw that harrowing episode.
It goes to show the importance of TV drama in raising awareness of these vital issues.
The Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
The Ministry of Justice is working with Departments across Whitehall, including the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, to support local authorities to meet their statutory duties, including refuges for all victims of domestic abuse who need them.
We know, though, that it is not just refuge support that is important; wider community-based support is important too, and the MOJ provides funding to police and crime commissioners to commission those vital services for victims.
Victims of alleged rape in Truro and Falmouth and across the country are having their trials pushed back for months, if not years, often very shortly before those trials are set to begin.
That leads to severe distress for victims and families, and can have unintended consequences, such as bail conditions becoming outdated as victims wait so long for their cases to come to trial that addresses change in the meantime.
Will the Minister please outline what she is doing to prevent or minimise the potential harm caused by such unintended consequences and to bring those long-delayed cases to a speedy conclusion?