Both the criminal and family justice systems will play an essential role in delivering our commitment to halve violence against women and girls.
The family court system must protect child victims of domestic abuse, and the new pathfinder courts provide more support for domestic abuse agencies and ensure that the child’s welfare and voice is at the centre of proceedings from the outset.
The Government and I take the need to respond robustly to perpetrators within the family courts very seriously.
The previous Government were reviewing the presumption of parental involvement.
We are considering the findings and will respond in due course.
I draw the Minister’s attention to the work of Bradford council and West Yorkshire Mayor Tracy Brabin, who have launched the safety of women and girls initiative, together with a dedicated women’s safety unit within West Yorkshire police.
What support can the Government offer to bolster the efforts of local authorities such as Bradford to stamp out violence against women and girls in our communities?
My hon.
Friend’s question gives me the opportunity to also place on record my thanks to Mayor Tracy Brabin for all the incredible work she is doing in this field.
She is an outstanding champion for tackling violence against women and girls, and we should be doing more work like hers across Government.
As I have said, we are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
We are supporting colleagues across Whitehall, including at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, to ensure close collaboration with local authorities.
In addition, the duty to collaborate under the Victims and Prisoners Act 2024 will facilitate improved multi-agency working and encourage all local commissioners to provide joined-up working for victims of all crimes, including violence against women and girls.
This time last year, the Lord Chancellor announced her intention to introduce free legal advocates so that victims of rape can enforce their rights—for example, in relation to the use of their personal information in court.
What progress is the Minister making in bringing forward that vital new protection for victims?
In our manifesto, this Government were clear that we are committed to introducing free, independent legal advice for victims and survivors of rape, from report to trial.
I am working with officials to develop this new policy and to ensure victims get the support they need to understand and uphold their rights as soon as possible.
I plan to draw on lessons learned from the successful pilots in Northumbria, as well as from the Mayor of London’s current ILA pilot.
In the last Session, when the Public Accounts Committee looked at the effect of delays in the criminal justice system on serious sexual and rape cases, it found that some cases were taking five years or more from prosecution to trial, and that some of the poor traumatised victims were simply disappearing because they could not stand it any longer.
Without entering into the blame game, what can the Minister do to improve that situation?
The hon.
Member is right that, although we do not want to get into the blame game, the current status of the criminal justice system is truly appalling.
Rape trials are not getting as fast-tracked as they should be, and we are working at pace to try to remedy that situation.
Currently, 60% of rape victims are pulling out of the criminal justice system.
The attrition rate is far too high, and I am working with officials to improve that rate and to improve victims’ experience at court.
How many prisoners are going to be released today in Kent, and can the Secretary of State guarantee that none of them will be homeless within a month?
As the Lord Chancellor has previously said, we cannot give exact figures for specific areas.
However, we are working with other Departments, including the MHCLG, and with local authorities to ensure that those who are being released from prison today under SDS40 have the accommodation that they need.
The Probation Service has been working around the clock to ensure that.
Order.
That question pushed the boundaries a little bit.
I think it should have been mainly about those who are rapists who are being released.