I, too, welcome the Secretary of State’s statement and his wholehearted commitment of this country to the defence of our ally in its hour of need in the face of Putin’s aggression.
I am very pleased that my constituency of Stevenage is where many of the Storm Shadow missiles being shipped to Ukraine are manufactured, but, of course, manufacturing missiles and other armaments takes time.
Will the Secretary of State explain what steps he and his Department can take to speed up that process?
I will indeed.
I am delighted to see my hon.
Friend take his place on the Labour Benches as part of a Labour Government speaking up for Stevenage.
His constituency is home not just to the production of some of the most important defence equipment, but to their development and the technology that goes into it.
We will build on some of the steps that  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  first took as Minister for Defence Procurement in the last months of the previous Government.
I recognise that, with the nature of warfare changing so rapidly—exemplified by what we see in Ukraine—large platforms, which may take many years to produce, risk rapidly becoming outdated in the technology and systems that they cover.
We have to be able to procure, we have to be able to develop as we procure and, once in the field, we have to be able to update on a regular basis.
My hon.
Friend must take it from that that this is a question not just of better value for money, but of more speed and clearer decision making in everything we do.
That will be a hallmark of the way we develop our procurement reforms and our new industrial strategy, driven by the need to reinforce growth in this country as part of the success of this Government.
I congratulate the Defence Secretary and his Ministers and welcome them to their place.
It is right that the UK stands with Ukraine to protect the lives and freedoms of the innocent people and the sovereignty of a free state.
In addition to the military support provided, will the Secretary of State update the House on what diplomatic  efforts are being made to negotiate an end to the Russian aggression, a full withdrawal from Ukraine and a return to peaceful co-existence as soon as possible?
I will just say to the hon.
Gentleman that it is the Ukrainians who are fighting, not us.
It is the Ukrainians who will make the call about when to stop fighting and when to start talking, not us.
Our task is to reinforce the Ukrainians now, to put them in the strongest possible position if and when they make that decision, and then to put them in the strongest possible position if they go into negotiations.
One of the key features throughout the statement and the discussion today has been the importance of consensus and co-operation in building a coalition.
Will the Secretary of State give an update on what steps he intends to take next to ensure that we are supporting Ukraine with the broadest and best coalition possible?
It was my first time at the Ramstein meeting on Friday last week—the 24th such meeting of that coalition, led by the US.
Senior representatives of 50 other countries participated, and all pledged both more military support for Ukraine and to reinforce the unity with which we stand with Ukraine.
I hope that that is not just reassurance for Ukrainians, but a signal to President Putin that we remain united, we remain resolute and, in the end, he will not prevail.