“justice too long delayed is justice denied.”
I understand from the Crown Prosecution Service, which I met recently, that much of the delay is for the discovery process, where the welter of digital information must be assessed.
Can the Minister tell me what is being done to address these delays and whether things such as artificial intelligence are being contemplated?
As the Prime Minister made clear, those affected by the Grenfell tragedy have already waited too long for justice.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that anything in my or my Department’s power that needs to be done will be done.
The Government fully support the Metropolitan police and the Crown Prosecution Service as they complete their investigations and bring prosecutions to trial, while respecting their operational independence.
I am sure the use of all forms of technology will be considered in that process.
Perhaps too many barristers have become politicians, but however caused, how will the Minister address the shortage at the criminal Bar?
I hesitate to answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, given that my boss is a former barrister—I say that we cannot have too many.
Only last week I discussed the adequacy of numbers of legal professionals in the Crown court with the chair of the Criminal Bar Association, Mary Prior, and I will be working with the profession to ensure not only that we are recruiting sufficient barristers to work in the courts, but that we are retaining barristers at the criminal Bar.
Our team in Newport East are trying hard to raise the issue of how long cases are taking for constituents—we inherited those delays from the Conservatives—but even the CPS is taking months to answer basic queries about where the delays are in cases.
Will the Minister urge the CPS to respond faster?
I will take that away and do that.
Does the Minister agree that a properly funded legal aid scheme both here and in Scotland is essential for access to justice, and that the decline in this vital public service that both the Tories and the SNP have presided over is nothing short of disgraceful?
What we are experiencing is the very long tail of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, which has meant that both the civil and criminal legal aid sectors have faced huge challenges.
That is vital to people’s access to justice.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
On taking office two months ago, it was immediately clear that we had inherited a prison system at the point of collapse.
That is why our emergency action, which will see certain offenders leave prison a few weeks or months early, has proved necessary.
The measure takes effect today.
I pay tribute to the work of the Prison and Probation Service, which has gone above and beyond the call of duty both in responding to the violent disorder in recent weeks and in preparing for the introduction of those measures.
This marks the beginning of a rescue effort—one that will, in time, allow us to rebuild and reform our justice system in the years ahead.
After the last Government left our prisons on the brink of collapse, I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to building new prisons and driving down reoffending.
I also welcome her commitment to additional transparency.
Does she agree that such transparency is a significant departure from the approach of the previous Government, who released thousands of prisoners early in secret?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it is a significant departure from the approach of the previous Government, who introduced an early release scheme—the end of custody supervised licence scheme—that operated under a veil of secrecy, with no data ever published on the numbers released.
It took our Government to publish the data showing that more than 10,000 offenders were released under that scheme.
I am pleased to say today that we have ended that scheme.