Will the Secretary of State ensure that measures are put in place in the criminal justice system to support survivors of violence against women and girls, including mandatory training for prosecutors on understanding the impact of trauma on survivors and the release of court transcripts for free for victims of rape?
The hon.
Lady may know that we currently offer free transcripts of judges’ sentencing remarks to families of victims of fatal road offences, murder and manslaughter.
In May, we extended free transcripts of sentencing remarks to victims of rape and serious sexual offences, in a year-long pilot.
We will continue to look at how we can lower the costs of obtaining a court transcript.
Former clients of the law firm SSB Law were unexpectedly pursued for adverse legal costs following the installation of defective cavity wall insulation.
I understand that the Solicitors Regulatory Authority has opened an investigation.
Will the Secretary of State review the situation urgently, including establishing a cross-Government working group on the matter?
I am aware from correspondence that I have received, as the Member of Parliament for Swindon South, that there are significant concerns about the collapse of law firms such as SSB Solicitors, Axiom Law and McClure.
As my hon.
Friend said, the Solicitors Regulation Authority is looking at this, as is the Legal Services Board, and I shall be happy to speak to her further to provide an update.
The Justice Secretary will be aware that the Criminal Cases Review Commission took 17 years to overturn the conviction of Andrew Malkinson, an innocent man, even though DNA evidence exonerating him was available from the fourth year; and his is not the only such case.
Has the Minister any intention of addressing the resources,  regulation and management of the CCRC to ensure that innocent people are not left incarcerated for many years?
What happened to Mr Malkinson is appalling, both for him and for the victim of the crime.
It is vital that lessons are learned.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, following the publication of the Henley review of the CCRC’s handling of Mr Malkinson’s case, the Lord Chancellor’s view is that the current chair is unfit to fulfil her duties.
As for resources, the amount that the CCRC has received in recent years has risen, and we will continue to keep that under review.
As the Minister will know, one of the factors that can contribute to backlogs in courts is the existence of basic maintenance problems with the buildings, which prevents cases from being heard.
In Swindon this year, we had a serious fire which resulted in one of the courtrooms being closed and cases being transferred elsewhere.
What investment is being made in courts in places such as Swindon to ensure that justice can be delivered swiftly?
I am very pleased to be responding to a fellow Swindon Member, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving me the chance to mention our home town during my first ministerial outing.
I should add that I am also grateful to local judiciary court staff and justice stakeholders for their work in maintaining justice during that incident in Swindon.
As the Lord Chancellor said earlier, ensuring that buildings are maintained effectively is critical to the delivery of justice.
My constituent was brave enough to report her husband for the abuse that he put her through.
He has just been released from prison on two conditions: he would be tagged and he was not allowed to go into her village.
He has not been tagged because the Probation Service says that it does not have enough tags and there is a technical  fault, and he entered her village on his first day out of prison, staying overnight.
He was on her street, and his family knocked on her door.
Will the Secretary of State please respond to my letter about my constituent, who feels extremely vulnerable?
Will she also confirm that there are enough tags, and that in cases such as this there will be not just a verbal warning—which is all that her husband received for his actions—but remedial repercussions?
I am not aware of the correspondence to which the hon.
Lady has referred, but I will chase it up and ensure that she receives a comprehensive response.
The coronial system is a mess, with substantial backlogs, a lack of representation for bereaved families, and erratic use of prevention of future deaths reports.
Will the Secretary of State consider reforms to deal with these problems?
If she needs ideas, there is a very good report from the Justice Committee.
I concur: there is an excellent report from the Committee, to which the Government will respond in due course.
I am well aware of some of the issues with the coroners and reporting deaths for bereaved families and I should be delighted to discuss them further with my hon.
Friend.
Catapults are not classed as offensive weapons, but they are being used increasingly in my constituency to injure and kill livestock and pets.
Will the Minister responsible for such matters agree to meet me to discuss how we can deter these people and stop their use of catapults to kill?
I suspect that that may be a matter for my colleagues in the Home Office, but I will happily liaise with the relevant Minister and ensure that the hon.
Lady receives a response.