The Secretary of State was a consistent supporter of Ukraine in opposition, so it is no surprise to hear that positive statement from him today.
When he goes into battle with the Chancellor of the Exchequer for a good defence budget, will he remind her that, in the 1980s and the cold war, we regularly spent 4.5% to 5.1% of GDP on defence?
Will he also assure the House that if America elects a President who does not wish to support Ukraine, the support for Ukraine by the remaining European members of NATO will intensify, not diminish?
When, as a Government, we declare that we are ready, we show that by stepping up support for Ukraine.
When we say that we will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes for it to prevail, we mean it.
Whatever the decisions of other countries may or may not be, I do not expect—whatever the result of the US elections—for the US to walk away from Ukraine.
I said in my statement that if big countries with authoritarian rulers can redraw international boundaries by force, the sovereignty and security of all nations are left weakened.
On the question of defence spending, we are a Government who will not be having battles, as the right hon.
Member put it.
But I will go into the discussions that I will inevitably have with the Chancellor with a copy of our Labour manifesto, which, at the election, said that we are a Government who will spend 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We will increase spending on defence, which is entirely the opposite of what happened when we had the change of Government in 2010.
That was a Government who cut defence spending over those first five years by nearly 20%.
May I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, but also the Ministers who have provided cross-party briefings to colleagues?
It really is appreciated.
President Zelensky has called on partners to ensure that aid packages that are announced are delivered to Ukrainians as quickly as possible.
Will the Secretary of State set out the actions that the Government are taking to ensure that aid to Ukraine is sped up?
My hon.
Friend is quite right: stepping up the pledges of aid is one thing, but speeding up the deliveries is another.
That is why, on that second day in Odesa, I made an undertaking to the Defence Minister and President Zelensky that this was a Government who would do both.
I am able to update the Defence Minister in Ukraine of progress on each of the elements of the package that we have pledged.