We are working closely with colleagues from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to understand the impact on the housing sector, but, as is the case any time a prisoner is released, probation staff are working hard to prepare release plans, including permanent and temporary accommodation.
If an offender is at risk of homelessness on release, they will be housed in community accommodation.
We expect to provide housing for the majority of offenders using existing provision, but, should there not be enough, I have authorised probation directors to make use of alternative arrangements, including budget hotels, as a temporary measure for the cases that we will see in the next few weeks.
During the debate on early prisoner release in July, the impact assessment produced suggested that there would be 5,500 fewer prison places than planned for because of the need to meet the capital savings that were discussed at the time.
When I raised that with the Secretary of State, she said that this matter would be under review.
Can she now confirm that it is the Government’s intention to cut back prison places by 5,500 over the medium and long term?
The right hon.
Lady will know that I have committed to publishing a 10-year capacity strategy.
There are also live discussions as part of the Budget and spending review process.
We have committed to delivering the shortfall of 14,000 places in our prison system, which the previous Government failed to do.
That is a commitment that we have given.
Those conversations are live conversations and I will report to the House in due course, but we will publish that 10-year capacity strategy before the end of the year.
Can the Secretary of State explain why, when some 10,000 foreign criminals are blocking up space in our jails, they are not being removed and deported, which would simultaneously save the British taxpayer billions of pounds every year and have the support of millions of British voters?
They are being deported, and they will continue to be deported.
Nothing will change as far as the deportation of foreign national offenders is concerned, but the inheritance we received from the previous Government meant we had to take additional measures.
The answer will not come from the deportation of foreign national offenders alone, but it is very much part of the picture.