The Minister will understand that, often for very personal reasons, victims of sexual assault, such as my constituent, do not always feel comfortable reporting their attack to the police.
She then found it extremely difficult to access specialist support services at what was clearly a very distressing time.
What can we do to improve the accessibility of support services for those victims of sexual assault who do not report it to the police?
Will she meet me to discuss this case further?
The victims code sets out the services and support that victims of crime are entitled to receive from the criminal justice system in England   and Wales.
That includes the right to access support, which applies regardless of whether they decide to report the crime to the police.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
There are yet more depressing figures this morning about drug-related deaths in Scotland.
Will the Government discuss how drug addicts are treated in the criminal justice system and look at ways of improving that to tackle the issue, and perhaps move towards safer consumption?
The hon.
Member is right that drugs in prison is a big issue that the Government are working hard to tackle.
I would be very happy to write to her with further details of what we are doing.
Today, the first tranche of prisoners will be released early under the Government’s emergency measures to address the prison overcrowding crisis.
It is welcome that this Government have excluded some domestic abuse offenders from the scheme.
However, not all domestic abuse perpetrators can be excluded.
Will the Secretary of State consider extending the victim contact scheme to all survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women and girls, regardless of the length of time that their perpetrator spends in prison?
First, let me congratulate my hon.
Friend on succeeding me as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on perpetrators of domestic abuse.
It is a vital APPG and I know that she will do sterling working as its chair.
To confirm, we have excluded from SDS40 certain offences that are frequently connected to domestic abuse, such as stalking and controlling or coercive behaviour.
The victim contact scheme is available to all victims of a sexual, violent or terrorist offence where the offender is sentenced to 12 months or more in custody.
We are working with the sector and others to consider how to improve communication with victims about an offender following a conviction.
The latest figures show that the court backlog sits at nearly 68,000.
Every one of those cases means yet another individual victim or family waiting for justice.
Despite that, the Government plan to cap the number of sitting days in our courts at a lower number than last year, losing 2,000 sitting days, which has drawn criticism from many, including the Bar Council.
Could the Secretary of State tell me why those waiting for justice, including many in North Norfolk, are being forced to wait even longer?
As I have said, the Crown court will sit for more than 105,000 days this financial year—an increase of 28% on the year before the pandemic.
That means that there is more capacity in the Crown court this year than in six of the past seven years.
We have inherited a criminal justice system on life support as a result of the previous Government, and we have a broken economy.
Everyone can see the state of the public finances, and justice is not immune from that.
In Pembrokeshire we have no local solicitors’ firms offering pro bono work, and the nearest free legal advice centre is in Swansea.
Many of my constituents are therefore unable to access to justice, which is particularly distressing in the area of family law and care proceedings.
What steps is the Minister taking to tackle the issue of legal deserts in places such as Pembrokeshire and west Wales?
Access to justice is integral to a fair society, including for our rural communities.
In our courts and tribunals, modernised services and a more effective use of technology can improve people’s access to the justice system, but I recognise that there is more to do and I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
A significant proportion of the 1,700 prisoners being released early today, while having been convicted of other offences, have a history of domestic abuse.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State give to domestic abuse victims who fear the release of their perpetrators today?
We have taken every measure available to us and pulled every lever we could to ensure that offences connected to domestic abuse are excluded and that the probation service has had time to prepare.
We will work with it in the coming weeks and months to ensure that release plans are in place and victims are notified in the usual way.
A widow was prosecuted under the single justice procedure after her husband had passed away and the car tax expired.
She was convicted over just £3.34, and the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency sent the letter to the wrong address.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can reform the single justice procedure to make it more accountable and ensure that there is better oversight of the process?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I am also very keen that we keep under review what more can be done to support vulnerable defendants going through the single justice procedure, and to improve oversight and regulation of the organisations using that procedure.
The harm done to families and women by incarcerating women is huge and made worse when they do not have safe homes after they leave.
Some 47% of women are currently leaving prison without settled accommodation.
This breaks up families and leaves them at risk of further exploitation and harm, often the same exploitation that led to their offending.
Will Ministers tell the House what they are doing to ensure that every woman set to leave prison, including all those leaving early as a result of the Government’s reforms, is supported into safe and stable accommodation?
The hon.
Member is right that this is a big issue.
The Prison and Probation Service is working hard to ensure that appropriate accommodation   is available, and working hard with partners across the country in different regions.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Member to talk about the issue further.
Amazing charities such as Survive in York depend for their survival on the rape and sexual abuse support fund.
However, without certainty over the amount, and if and when the funding will come, it is hard to leverage funding from other sources, such as the national lottery.
When will the funding be announced, and will the Minister meet me to discuss this vital funding as demand rises?