It is clear that we have come dangerously close to running out of prison places in the last few months, which as the Prime Minister has rightly said, is “about as fundamental a failure as you can get”.
Who does the Lord Chancellor blame for this failure, and does she think we will ever get a word of apology from the Conservative party for leaving our prison estate on the brink of disaster?
I would happily give way to anybody on the Opposition Benches if they would like to take up the invitation to offer an apology, but I do not think one will be forthcoming.
I certainly do think that one is required given the state of the prison system that we have inherited, but it is our job to make sure that that never happens again.
That is why we will be launching a review into how the current position was allowed to come to pass.
The Conservative party ignored all the warnings, putting political gain ahead of the country’s best interests, and it will fall to this Government to fix it.
The Government have rightly found prison places for those involved in the recent disorder, but they have done that by continuing their early release policy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that those guilty of manslaughter are among those able to get early release, and will she explain to the House why people guilty of manslaughter should be released early?
I think the hon.
Member is guilty of wilful ignorance.
He will know full well that the prison system that we inherited was on the point of collapse.
The fact that some prison build that was already in course was able to be brought on line a little earlier to help us get over the crisis of the summer is testament to the people working at the frontline to make sure that those prison spaces were available, but we are still short of prison capacity.
Prisons are still at over 99% capacity, and that is the legacy left by his Government.
He will know that we have important exclusions to the SDS40 policy, and he will know that the offence and the sentence are both taken into account.
I will not give a running commentary on exactly which sentences and which offenders are affected, but he knows what exclusions are in place.
What steps her Department is taking to improve the experience of victims at court.
This Government are committed to improving the victim experience at court.
We will work with the judiciary to fast-track rape cases to ensure timely justice for some of the most vulnerable within the criminal justice system.
Additionally, this Government committed in our manifesto to introducing free, independent legal support for victims of rape from report to trial.
We have also committed to strengthening the victims code and to increasing the Victims’ Commissioner’s powers to make sure that victims’ needs are met.
For victims, giving evidence in a court can sometimes be a very difficult and distressing experience, which is why they sometimes prefer to give evidence via video link.
Can the Minister set out what steps the Government are taking to ensure that more victims can give evidence via video link across our country?