Torquay magistrates court closed in the last decade, and therefore justice is served somewhat distantly from our communities in Torbay.
Can the Minister assure the House that there will be some reviews to ensure that justice is served more locally to our communities in south Devon?
I may be having another meeting, with the hon.
Gentleman, as well as looking at the court in Chorley, and I am happy to discuss that matter with him.
What support her Department is providing to victims of domestic abuse.
This Government are deeply committed to supporting domestic abuse victims, and we provide funding to police and crime commissioners, who commission community-based support services for domestic abuse victims and survivors, and independent domestic violence advisors.
Domestic abuse victims are automatically eligible for certain special measures in court such as screens or video links, and the pathfinder pilot in family courts aims to improve experiences and outcomes for children and families affected by domestic abuse.
Devon and Cornwall-based domestic abuse charity First Light south-west, and national domestic abuse charity Hourglass, which works specifically with older victims, have highlighted to me the challenges that they face with short-term funding streams for their work.
The current year-on-year funding model results in issues with the recruitment and retention of staff, which in turn impacts on service provision to victims.
Specialist services are especially vulnerable given the nature of the support they provide.
Will the Minister commit to providing sustainable long-term funding for frontline domestic abuse services, including for specialist services for older victim survivors, so as better to support victims in my constituency and across the country?
The work that Hourglass and many others do is outstanding, and I place on record my thanks to it for championing the rights of older victims across the piece.
The Ministry of Justice provides police and crime commissioners with annual grant funding to commission local practical, emotional and therapeutic support services for victims of all crime types.
I am hearing loud and clear the calls from the sector, but it would be wrong of me to pre-empt the announcement of funding after March 2025.
We cannot agree that before the spending review, but the Ministry of Justice has allocated £1.2 million of funding over two years to support the training and infrastructure of ISVAs and IDVAs and to support fantastic organisations such as Hourglass that do such brilliant work.
Another forum in which domestic violence is litigated is private children’s cases in our family courts.
The Secretary of State and Ministers will no doubt be aware of the huge delays that families are suffering in having their cases heard and  then those cases being decided.
At the heart of that are children waiting for a conclusion.
What steps are the Government taking to try to expedite those cases, in particular working with other agencies across government including the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service and local authorities?
The Government recognise the importance of supporting separating families and, where appropriate, helping them to resolve their issues quickly and without the need to come to court.
This is a complex area.
My officials and I are working closely on it, and I would be happy to update my hon.
Friend with a more thorough review soon.