Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF MATTHEW FINKE; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
65

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF MATTHEW FINKE

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life and

service of Mr. Matthew Logan Finke of Bells, Texas, who peacefully

passed away on September 25, 2024.
Mr. Finke was born on July 27, 1987, in Denison, Texas.
He attended

Denison High School and graduated from Austin College in 2010 with a

bachelor's degree in business, where he was a star athlete and captain

of its football and baseball teams.
In his outstanding football career,

Mr. Finke was recognized numerous times as the All-Conference

performer, Conference Player of the week, and the National Defensive

Back of the week.
He also earned the Shellie Hersch Special Teams

Player of the Year and was named the Duke Babb Most Outstanding Player

as a senior.
Upon graduating, Mr. Finke heeded the call to serve his

nation and joined the United States Army to serve as an Orthopedic

Technician.
In 2019, he deployed to Iraq in support of Operation

Inherent Resolve as the Movement and Security Non-Commissioned Officer

In-Charge.
Mr. Finke received a battlefield promotion for his contributions to

the war effort against terrorist forces in this operation and also

earned his Air Assault Badge, German Armed Forces Proficiency Badge in

Gold, and Norwegian Ruck March Badge.
Moreover, Mr. Finke won first

place in the 13th Expeditionary Sustainment Command NCO of the Year

Best Warrior Competition, out of a cadre of 6,000 soldiers.
Outside of

his Army duties, Mr. Finke was a devoted husband to his wife, Chelsey,

and a father to three beautiful daughters.
He was an uplifting leader

who enjoyed playing football with kids in his neighborhood and his Army

buddies.
You could always count on Mr. Finke to be there and push you

to be better than you were yesterday, both physically and mentally.
His

legacy of compassion, integrity, and friendship will always be

remembered.
I have requested the United States flag be flown over our Nation's

Capitol to recognize Mr. Finke's incredible life and service to our

Nation.
He will be dearly missed by his friends, family, and all who

knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 60 YEARS OF GRAPHICS UNIVERSAL OF GREENCASTLE, PENNSYLVANIA

HON.
JOHN JOYCE

Mr. JOYCE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Graphics Universal of Greencastle, Pennsylvania, for 60 years of

success as a leading provider of diversified design and commercial

printing services.
A family-owned business, Graphics Universal has distinguished itself

with an inspiring corporate philosophy that was established by Gary and

Nancy Gembe when they purchased the company in 1970.
That philosophy is based on treating clients as long-term partners,

fostering a rewarding work experience for staff, adhering to the

highest standards of integrity and maintaining respect for the

environment.
Gary and Nancy's son Garon Gembe proudly expands upon

their legacy of achievement as Company President.
Effectively employing a relationship-centered approach with all

stakeholders, the team at Graphics Universal prides itself on a

commitment to collaboration, open communication and trusted service.
On behalf of everyone in the 13th Congressional District, I

congratulate the entire Gembe family on their company's milestone and

offer best wishes for continued success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING BOBBY BEAGLES FOR HIS CONTRIBUTIONS TO CENTRAL FLORIDA

HON.
DARREN SOTO

Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Bobby Beagles diligently served the

agriculture community throughout his career.
Agricultural issues were

always better served with Bobby as an advocate at the county, state,

and national levels.
As a cattle rancher, Bobby early on recognized that ``what was good

for all agriculture was good for his farm.''
in effect, he embraced the

idea that ``all boats rise with the tide.''