These courses

nurtured a newfound passion for reading.
He decided to channel this

passion into community work, with a goal to make sure children didn't

have to wait as long as he did to discover the joys of reading.
He knew

that reading opened doors to learning and confidence.
Mr. Brown began his ``Children's Book Party'' in his backyard, aiming

for every child to form a collection of books.
The books covered a

variety of subjects including math, science, short stories, and novels.
His continued dedication expanded the program to the Education Cultural

Complex and then the Organ Pavilion in Balboa Park.
His book parties

have come to fruition through the nonprofit he founded 35 years ago,

``Reading Literacy Learning, Inc.''

Mr. Brown's dedication to his nonprofit and community work has

allowed him to overcome challenges throughout the years.
During the

COVID-19 pandemic, he still delivered books to schools.
His efforts

have proven fruitful as his nonprofit has distributed over a million

books to children in the San Diego Community.
Mr. Brown's family has been heavily involved in his community work,

with the support of his wife aiding in the success of his nonprofit,

and his children recently taking over the operations of his book

parties.
Mr. Brown was honored as the 52nd District Constituent of the Month

in February 2025, when Black History Month was celebrated, for his

dedication to providing learning opportunities to the youth of San

Diego, which will undoubtably impact generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF LUE N. YANG

HON.
JIM COSTA

Mr. COSTA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Mr. Lue

N. Yang, an extraordinary advocate, organizer, teacher, and public

figure.
Born on April 10, 1955, in Xieng Khouang, Laos, Mr. Yang has been a

pillar for the Hmong community.
At the age of 14, he served with the

Hmong Special Guerrilla Unit (SGU) during Vietnam.
After serving with

the SGU, Mr. Yang moved to Vientiane to continue his education.
Upon

graduating, he became a Peace Officer for the US Embassy from 1972 to

1975.
Shortly after, Mr. Yang fled to Thailand as many Hmong refugees

did at the end of the Vietnam War.
A year later in Hawaii, he began to work with the non-profit:

Vietnamese Indochinese Volunteer Agency (VIVA) and the Department of

Labor as an agent.
A few years later, Mr. Yang moved to Des Moines,

Iowa and worked for Volunteer Enrichment Services.
In 1991, he moved to

Fresno and worked briefly with the Lao Family Community of Fresno.
In 1992, Mr. Yang began his work at the Fresno Center for New

Americans, a local non-profit that serves the Southeast Asian

Community.
Later that year he served as the Executive Director for FCNA

from 1992 to 2017.
Under Mr. Yang's leadership, FCNA managed to grow

fourteen programs with an annual budget of $6.8 million and a team of

38.
As an Executive Director, he was seen as a role model and mentor by

many young Hmong professionals at FCNA, who continued to push for

progress for the Hmong community.
Furthermore, during Mr. Yang's tenure at FCNA he was able to

establish several key sustainable programs.
The Living Well was the

first Hmong mental health program in the state that provided culturally

competent mental health services.
Mr. Yang also drafted an Adult Day

Health Care program that provided essential support for senior

community members.
These two programs are still in operation today and

are seen as the pillars of FCNA's work.
Mr. Yang has been an advocate for refugees and immigrants for 41

years.
He has worked collaboratively with non-profits, community

leaders, elected officials, and educational institutions to address the

disparities, challenges, and stigma that the Southeast Asian

communities face.