These two programs are still in operation today and

are seen as the pillars of FCNA's work.
Mr. Yang has been an advocate for refugees and immigrants for 41

years.
He has worked collaboratively with non-profits, community

leaders, elected officials, and educational institutions to address the

disparities, challenges, and stigma that the Southeast Asian

communities face.
Mr. Yang's work via his community partnerships and

advocacy resulted in the hiring of the first Hmong detective in the

Fresno Police Department, and Hmong representation in administration

and other leadership positions within the Fresno Unified School

District.
He was also instrumental in helping Hmong refugees who were attending

school, manage their transition.
Mr. Yang helped secure funding for a

group that went to Wat Tham Krabok, Thailand, the location of the last

recognized Hmong refugee group.
After assessing different challenges

unique to the Hmong refugee population, including access to education,

the group published its findings to the City and County of Fresno, as

well as the State Refugee Office.
This was what culminated with the

creation of the New American School, which assisted Hmong student

refugees as they transitioned into mainstream school.
The work of Mr. Yang has given the Hmong community immense support

over the years and without this work many of these accomplishments

wouldn't have been possible.
Mr. Speaker, I invite my esteemed colleagues to join me in honoring

the legacy of Lue N. Yang.
He will be greatly missed by all who knew

and loved him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today on missed votes from April 8,

2025.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
91.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ALEXYA SANDOVAL-PEREZ

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alexya

Sandoval-Perez for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors

for Youth Award.
Alexya has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Alexya, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Alexya's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Drake Middle School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright

and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Alexya Sandoval-Perez on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING BELLEVUE HIGH SCHOOL WINNING THE DIVISION IV STATE GIRLS'

BASKETBALL

HON.
ROBERT E. LATTA

Mr. LATTA.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a great deal of pride that I rise

to pay a very special tribute to an outstanding high school basketball

team in Ohio's Fifth Congressional District.
The young women of the

Bellevue High School girls' basketball team have represented their

school ably on their way to achieving the Division IV State Girls

Basketball Title.
In their effort to surpass all other teams in the

Division IV State Basketball Playoffs, the Bellevue Redmen overcame the

challenges posed by intense competition.
In pursuing the State Championship, the Bellevue Lady Redmen defeated

the Kettering Archbishop Alter Knights to win their first state

basketball championship.
The members of this very special team have

shown that their sport requires an individual effort for a team result.
Their hard work and dedication, both on and

off the court, in achieving this accomplishment, is truly outstanding.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying special tribute

to the Bellevue High School girls' basketball team.
On behalf of the

people of the Fifth District of Ohio, I am proud to recognize this

great achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CRISTIAN GUILLEN-REYES

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.