From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING UTAH GLOBAL PIZZA CHAMPIONS

HON.
BURGESS OWENS

Mr. OWENS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an extraordinary

team of hardworking Utahns who brought home a world

title--Team Utah from Papa John's, winners of the 2025 Global Pizza

Games.
Out of more than 6,000 locations worldwide, this locally owned and

operated franchise in West Jordan achieved something that's never been

done before in our state.
Competing against teams from Peru, the UK,

South Korea, the UAE, and across the United States, they earned first

place with unmatched precision, speed, and teamwork, setting a record

time of 8 minutes and 33 seconds while producing four near-perfect

pizzas, each scoring an impressive 9.9 out of 10.
Behind this victory are three standout individuals: Nicole Brock, a

25-year veteran and general manager in American Fork; Benny Loughton,

her assistant manager; and Phillip Newson, their coach and motivator.
Their dedication, discipline, and belief in excellence showcase the

best of Utah's work ethic and spirit.
Mr. Speaker, their victory is a testament to what's possible when

local businesses invest in people, when teams lead with pride, and when

hard work meets opportunity.
Congratulations to Team Utah, our Global Pizza Champions.
They have

made us proud.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

VALUING TRUTH `FULLNESS': LESSONS FROM JURY TRIALS

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to reflect on the profound

responsibility that accompanies public service.
As public officials across the country are sworn into office, each

affirms a commitment to faithfully execute the duties of public office

and defend the Constitution of the United States.
But more and more

Americans are losing faith that the actions of our public officials are

principally guided by our Constitution and our laws.
And some of my

colleagues even doubt whether truth exists and whether government can

operate on the basis of mutually agreed facts, such as who won an

election.
Gregory Mize--a Georgetown University law professor and retired trial

judge--offers a compelling perspective: we can use jury trials as

models for attaining higher levels of truthfulness and reliable

outcomes in government.
After all, our whole justice system is based on

the idea that we must all tell the truth and the fact-finder can decide

``beyond a reasonable doubt'' or ``by preponderance of the evidence''

what actually happened.
Thomas Jefferson said, ``I consider trial by jury as the only anchor,

yet ever imagined by man, by which a government can be held to the

principles of its constitution.''
Indeed, the way a courtroom pursues

truth provides a blueprint for encouraging trustworthiness in our

public servants.
At the beginning of jury selection, potential jurors take a solemn

oath to truthfully answer questions posed by the judge and lawyers.
The

selected jurors take a second oath to ``faithfully discharge the duties

evidence.''
When testimony begins, jurors observe each witness take an

oath under penalty of perjury to ``tell the truth and nothing but the

truth.''
Judges, also sworn to follow the law, enforce rules of

evidence--including by striking irrelevant or unreliable testimony from

consideration by the jury.
In some cases, judges must also pre-qualify

proposed experts before they can state an opinion on a key issue.
A

lawyer's questioning then further tests the reliability of those

opinions.
Thanks to these established procedures, jurors learn the

court's high valuation of honesty and come to expect it from their

government

Rather than relying on a single robed jurist to render a final

verdict, our Founders wanted a panel of common citizens to administer

justice in honest dialogue with one another.
They believed jury

deliberations to be a gold standard for reaching truth and achieving

just ends.
After hearing evidence and receiving legal instructions from the

judge, jurors enter a deliberation room.
They test one another's

recollections and assumptions and assess witness credibility.
Studies

show that, during deliberations, a jury polices itself.