Agricultural issues were

always better served with Bobby as an advocate at the county, state,

and national levels.
As a cattle rancher, Bobby early on recognized that ``what was good

for all agriculture was good for his farm.''
in effect, he embraced the

idea that ``all boats rise with the tide.''
As such, he embarked on a

path of agricultural advocacy.
Whether it be at a local community

meeting or hundreds of county board meetings, Bobby was a voice to be

reckoned with.
He was unrelenting and tireless in representing

agriculture.
His legislative advocacy at all levels of government was never-

ending.
It was no surprise when Bobby was asked to be then-Speaker of

the Florida House of Representatives Tom Feeney's agricultural liaison.
He carried that privilege and honor to Washington, D.C., when Speaker

Feeney became Congressman Feeney.
Bobby's heart was always about the youth--from the earliest days of

buying animals at the county fair to timelessly encouraging auto

dealerships and any number of businesses to purchase the kids' market

livestock project.
On a not-to-be-ignored side note, at the request of

then-Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs, Bobby was asked to rewrite the

livestock section of the zoning laws.
These laws today allow FFA and 4H

to house some of their agriculture projects at home.
His work with the youth led to numerous awards from the local FFA

chapters as well as the state and national associations.
He was honored

to be awarded the Honorary Florida State FFA Degree and the American

FFA Degree.
In addition to those accolades, he was inducted into the

Florida 4-H Hall of Fame.
Bobby served as Orange County Farm Bureau executive director for 13

years.
Prior to that, he was a board member for 17 years.
His work in

this capacity has made him ``Mr. Agriculture'' in our area of the

state.
In 2007, Bobby received the prestigious Jefferson Award.
This award

is given to an individual who has devoted their life to exceptional

public service in any arena.
He was nominated for this award by then-

Orange County Mayor Rich Crotty and Orange County Extension.
This

represented a body of work that included procuring $12 million for the

construction of a new extension office in Orange County.
This refrain is consistent with Bobby Beagles' character.
In 2002,

Bobby was awarded the Friend of Extension Award from Epsilon Sigma Phi

State.
This award traditionally recognizes individuals who have been

true Friends of Extension.
A year after receiving the Jefferson Award,

Bobby received the Florida Farm Bureau's Distinguished Service Award.
The award honors Florida agriculturalists for their overall

contributions to farming at the local or state level.
Bobby Beagles was married to Vickie Beagles and had a son, Thomas

Beagles, a daughter, Rachel Kelly, and five grandchildren.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
ROOSEVELT BROWN

HON.
JUAN VARGAS

Mr. VARGAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Roosevelt Brown,

an outstanding member of our community who has served the youth in San

Diego for more than 40 years.
Mr. Brown spent his formative years in the San Diego school system,

attending Logan Elementary School, Memorial Junior High School, and San

Diego High School.
At a young age, Mr. Brown struggled with a speech

impediment that hindered his academic progress.
He feared being called

on by teachers to read or speak aloud due to his stutter.
It is this

limitation that inspired his community work.
Mr. Brown pursued several professional avenues following his high

school graduation, and in his thirties, he decided to take classes at

the University of Redlands and San Diego City College.
These courses

nurtured a newfound passion for reading.
He decided to channel this

passion into community work, with a goal to make sure children didn't

have to wait as long as he did to discover the joys of reading.
He knew

that reading opened doors to learning and confidence.