Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor two distinguished public servants, community leaders, and dear friends of longstanding, Georgia State 
Senator David E. Lucas and Macon-Bibb Commissioner Elaine Huckabee Lucas.
Their collective service of over more than six decades to the people of Macon-Bibb, the State of Georgia and humankind was recognized on Sunday, March 10, 2024, at 5:00 p.m. during a community celebration at the Saint Peter Missionary Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia.
State 
Senator David E. Lucas was born to the union of the late David Lucas and Beatrice Poole Lucas, both educators on April 23, 1950 in Byron, Georgia.
He graduated from Lanier High School in Bibb County in 1968 and went on to earn a Bachelor's Degree in Political Science from Tuskegee University, attended Atlanta Law School in 1980, and has been awarded an Honorary Doctorate from the Mercer University Medical School.
At Tuskegee, he was on the 1971 SIAC Championship football team and after graduation in 1973, he returned home to Macon.
In 1974, he was elected to the Georgia House of Representatives, becoming the youngest member of that body.
He has tirelessly represented Bibb County and Middle Georgia in both the Georgia House and State Senate for almost 50 years, becoming the most senior member.
Throughout his career 
Senator Lucas has fought for civil rights, voting rights and equal opportunity.
He championed policies that uplift Georgia's seniors and improve healthcare access and outcomes in urban and rural communities.
In the General Assembly, he has served on committees crucial to the economic development and wellbeing of our state, including Insurance, Energy, Utilities, Telecommunication, Appropriations and Transportation.
I was blessed to serve with him for 16 years and can say without reservation, that there is no one who knows how to leverage the inner workings of state government for his constituents better than State 
Senator David Lucas.
In addition to his public service, 
Senator Lucas is a self-employed independent Insurance Agent and owner of TBL Inc., an entertainment promotions business.
He has been a social studies teacher, football, basketball, and tennis coach; owner of the Macon Chiefs semiprofessional football team and the Georgia Titans basketball team; and a charter member of the 100 Black Men of Macon-Middle Georgia.
He has been married to the love of his life, Commissioner Elaine Huckabee Lucas for more than 47 years and reared four children--David, Jr., Aris, Leonard and Albert (deceased) with 13 grandchildren and five great-grandchildren.