Commissioner Elaine Huckabee Lucas is a lifelong resident of Macon and the wife of 
Senator David Lucas.
She is and has been his support and helpmate throughout their marriage, keeping him grounded during his numerous career and life pursuits.
But, this ``Queen'' of East Macon is a monumental public servant in her own right.
Born to the union of Ella Appling Huckabee and Leonard Huckabee, she graduated from Miller Senior High School, completed work in English at Macon Junior College and received her BS Degree, Magna Cum Laude from Savannah State College in Elementary Education.
She earned a Master's Degree from Fort Valley State University and an Education Specialist Degree from Georgia College and State University.
She is certified in early childhood education, middle grades, data collection and counseling.
She taught elementary school for 18 years, was an elementary and high school counselor for 12 years, coordinated counseling and advisement for the Bibb County Teen Parent Center for 5 years, and after retirement, was counselor, graduation specialist and community service coordinator at the Hutching Career Center for 8 years.
First elected to the Macon City Council in 1983, Commissioner Lucas has continued her uninterrupted elective service, making history as the first female commissioner of the Macon-Bibb Consolidated Government.
She has served on key committees including Community Resources and Development; Appropriations; and Employee Development and Compensation.
She served as President, Vice President and Treasurer of the Georgia Association of Black Elected Officials; The Macon Bibb Board of Health; Martin Luther King Commission; Cemetery Preservation Board; and the Recreation Planning Committee.
Her prolific record portrays a champion for voting rights, civil rights and equal access to services for all citizens.
She is a founding member and first president of the Bibb County Voter Registration and Education League, member of NAACP, SCLC, Bibb County Democratic Executive Committee, and Golden Life Member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc.
In 2011, she opened EL High School Academy where over 1,800 school dropouts have reentered school and earned their high school diplomas.
She is a 40-year blood donor, organ donor, and runs E. Lucas Consulting and Lenny's Handy Services in partnership with her son, Lenny.
Commissioner Elaine Lucas and 
Senator David Lucas are indeed a power couple and truly icons in the Middle Georgia area.
Active members of Steward Chapel AME Church, they are indeed persons of faith.
Moreover, they are my trusted friends of longstanding for over 50 years.
It has been said that ``You make your living by what you get.
You make your life by what you give!''
David and Elaine Lucas have truly made their lives by giving so much to so many for so long.