Mr. TORRES.
Mr. Speaker, to celebrate Women's History Month, I want to highlight Dr. Daisy Cocco De Filippis.
She is the President and leader of Hostos Community College who has more than earned all our heartfelt admiration and thanks for her tireless work in administration and academia.
Dr. Cocco De Filippis' work in higher education began with her role as Provost and Senior Vice President of Student Affairs at Hostos Community College in 2002, where her unwavering commitment to compassion shaped the lives and academic careers of her students until her departure in 2008, when she took on the role of President at Naugatuck Valley Community College in Waterbury, Connecticut.
She served this institution for twelve years, inspiring students to new academic heights.
She inspired these students with her own work and her own academic journey.
Dr. Cocco De Filippis herself graduated summa cum laude from Queens College, with a Bachelor's in English and Spanish Literature, and then went on to pursue a Master of Arts in Spanish Literature, again from Queens College.
Dr. Cocco De Filippis didn't stop there: she pursued a Master of Philosophy in Spanish Literature and a Ph.D. in Latin American Literature from the City University of New York Graduate Center.
She was also the first person of Dominican ancestry to do so, cementing her legacy as a legendary pioneer in Dominican women's studies, Caribbean, and Dominican Diaspora literatures.
For her work in these fields, she was awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Santo Domingo, the oldest university in the Americas.
Dr. Cocco De Filippis' resume is no doubt an inspiration to her students, just as it is an inspiration to me.
Dr. Cocco De Filippis returned to Hostos Community College in 2020 as President and led the school through the unprecedented COVID-19 pandemic, navigating the difficult world of online learning and community preparedness with grace and hope.
Hostos College reported significant advancements under her leadership.
A myriad of impactful initiatives aimed at improving student life and accessibility have been implemented during her tenure, positively impacting both enrollment and retention.
In early 2023, Hostos College unveiled a brand-new, cuttingedge research center established due to the generous donations garnered under Dr. Cocco De Filippis' leadership, which has allowed members of the Hostos faculty to explore new and more effective ways of teaching, all with the goal of improving Hostos' learning environment for students and professors alike.
We are honored to recognize Dr. Cocco De Filippis' leadership and her achievements today.
Her contributions have been invaluable to the lives of many, and we thank her for her relentless dedication to empowering others through education.