I agree with what the hon.
Gentleman says.
The Government are committed to a system-wide reform of the construction product regime, ensuring that we address the significant gaps that the Grenfell inquiry and the independent review of the construction product testing regime have exposed.
The construction products Green Paper that we have published today is a significant step forward towards a construction products regime that has public safety at its heart.
I hope we can continue to work across Government and across the House to ensure that we have a system that is fit for purpose for the future.
Will the Secretary of State go a little further than she did in her reply to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington and Bayswater (Joe Powell) ?
It is good that she will have a publicly accessible record of recommendations.
Will she commit to what the charity Inquest and many others have asked for, which is a national oversight mechanism—a body that collates, analyses and follows up on the recommendations of inquiries and inquests?
Otherwise, there is a real danger that these recommendations and others will gather dust on the shelf.
I heard directly from members of the Grenfell community their call for the Government to introduce a national oversight mechanism.
We recognise that this goes wider than Grenfell and that it is an important issue for other communities and families, such as those affected by covid-19 and the blood scandal.
We are considering that in the year ahead as part of measures to strengthen public inquiries, and the Government will listen to the views of the affected families as part of that consideration.
The Grenfell fire was an appalling tragedy, but it also threw a blanket of uncertainty over countless residents in many of our constituencies who are trapped in cladded properties.
When I hear the Deputy Prime Minister talk about a new regulatory regime and change, I confess I feel very nervous that any changes to the regulatory regime will throw further uncertainty over those who are still trapped in their homes.
Can she assure the House that any move she makes will not create further uncertainty about the standards to which buildings need to be remediated?
I also highlight the case of my constituents in Harold Wood, who had their buildings assessed by a fire risk assessor who was subsequently struck off.
Those people, who thought they were going to be released from that terrible stasis, are now back to not knowing where they stand, so will she please look into those concerns?
I hope that what we are announcing today will bring clarity to the system.
One of the things that came out of the phase 2 report was about the system being disjointed.
Bringing clarity will hopefully ensure that people understand what they are meant to do—what their legal obligations are—and that we expect them to do it; if they do not do it, there will be serious consequences.
I also point to the remediation acceleration plan.
I completely understand that many people are still in buildings that are unsafe, which is unacceptable.
That is why this Government are taking action.
On the Harold Wood case, I am happy for the hon.
Lady to meet the Building Safety Minister about that.