I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman that social housing should be of high quality, safe, affordable and warm, and this Government will continue to ensure that.
Safety will not be compromised in our building 1.5 million homes; nor will building 1.5 million homes compromise our ability to bring up to standard homes that are not up to standard.
We have all seen the reports, and we have all seen on television programmes that show people still living in damp, mouldy properties.
That has to end.
I also welcome the statement by the Deputy Prime Minister.
The people in my constituency of Chelsea and Fulham stand shoulder to shoulder with the people who lived in Grenfell Tower, who have suffered hugely.
The pain is still felt throughout the whole community.
I am delighted to hear my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington and Bayswater (Joe Powell)  highlighting again the culpability of the local council and the contractors.
I know from my own experience that there is much for the council to do to improve its respect for, and the way it deals with, people living in social housing.
I pick up on the point made powerfully by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Vauxhall and Camberwell Green (Florence Eshalomi)  about disabled people, 15 of whom died in Grenfell Tower because they had no personal emergency evacuation plan.
I, like her, welcome the Deputy Prime Minister’s commitment to introducing regulation to improve the fire safety and evacuation of disabled and vulnerable people, but when will we see the details?
Will those regulations apply to all disabled residents, wherever they live?
What legal weight will they have?
Can we be absolutely sure that everything is being done to ensure that disabled people have the evacuation plans that they need in order to escape in the event of a terrible fire, such as that at Grenfell?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Since taking office, we have ensured that all the outstanding phase 1 recommendations were fully considered and responded to.
The Government announced on  2 September 2024  that a residential PEEP policy would be taken forward, and we also committed funding for it.
The Government will lay regulations as soon as possible, and social housing providers funding will be made available this year.
This policy aims to improve the fire safety and evacuation of disabled and vulnerable residents in high-rise and higher-rise residential buildings in England by providing residents who have disabilities and impairments with a person-centred risk assessment that identifies appropriate equipment and adjustments.
It aims to aid their fire safety and evacuation by ensuring that there is a residential PEEP statement that records what vulnerable residents should do in the event of a fire, and records information for fire and rescue services, in case they need to undertake evacuation.
We will continue to keep that under review.
I refer the House to my declaration of voluntary interests.
I commend the Deputy Prime Minister for the sensitivity with which she is approaching the issue, both with families and in the House today.
As she knows, mediation efforts with residents of Grenfell are being led by Lord Neuberger and others.
I genuinely believe that mediation is of massive value in this situation.
I realise that much of this is in the legal sphere, but can she and the Government commit in any way to supporting those mediation efforts?
It is absolutely right that we look at all options, and I am happy for the right hon.
Gentleman to take that matter up with the safety Minister as well.
We want to continue to support the community, who have been through so much.
I visited the site and met the headteacher of the school; children who were not even born when the tragedy happened are still suffering the effects of the trauma today.
We are committed to supporting the community, the bereaved and the survivors for as long as it takes.