I agree absolutely with my hon.
Friend.
Indeed, I discussed that with Mike Nesbitt, the Health Minister, when I met him recently.
I asked him what support and help we can give him, but we can all learn from each other across the United Kingdom.
When the Secretary of State has his discussions with the Executive, will he look to the example of Wales and its social partnership model?
Government, public sector workers and unions are working collaboratively and are in positive discussions to bring about real change and harmony in the delivery of public services.
I have not looked specifically at the social partnership model in Wales to which he refers, but I look forward to learning more about it; it sounds very interesting.
As I have indicated, we have a lot to learn from each other.
The proactive approach that the Secretary of State has set out is an important step change from the approach taken by the previous Government.
Does he agree that stabilising and transforming the health service in Northern Ireland is now the priority?
It certainly is.
One has only to look at the waiting list figures in Northern Ireland: some 52% of those waiting for a first consultant’s appointment wait for more than a year; the figure in England is 4%.
The First Minister recently described the state of the health service in Northern Ireland as “diabolical”.
I am absolutely clear that Ministers and the Executive understand  that, and I very much support the programme that  the new Health Minister is seeking to put in place to deal with that.
Would the Secretary of State agree that the appointment of Mike Farrar as chief executive and head of the Northern Ireland health service—an external appointment—is a positive move, and a good example of the Executive getting on with it, despite comments that have been made?
I do agree.
He has great expertise and knowledge, and I am sure that it will be used for the benefit of people in Northern Ireland, particularly patients waiting for appointments.
My daughter lives in Donegal.
When her two little boys were born, she had the choice of them being born in Derry or Sligo—on either side of the border.
The Republic of Ireland has introduced an initiative called shared island.
That is not a united Ireland, but it works in improving services.
Will the Government look at its success, and consider how Scotland might work in a similar way to Northern Ireland, for the benefit of services?
As I understand it, there is a long-established arrangement under which people can move from one side of the border to the other to seek care, particularly in Donegal and Derry/Londonderry.
Things would be slightly different in Scotland, for physical reasons, but once again, I am sure that all opportunities that can be taken to help people get the care they need would be welcomed.