The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 26 February.
This week marked three years since Putin’s barbaric invasion of Ukraine.
The courage of the Ukrainians is inspiring, and across this House we stand with them for as long as it takes.
That is why we are increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by April 2027, with an ambition to reach 3% in the next Parliament, as economic and fiscal conditions allow.
This afternoon, of course, I will travel to the US to have discussions with President Trump about the enduring security partnership between our two countries.
I am also delighted that we have announced the first 750 schools to start offering free breakfast clubs.
This is our plan for change in action, ensuring every child has the chance to thrive.
I am sure the whole House will want to join me in thanking Amanda Pritchard for her service as chief executive of NHS England, and I wish her well for the future.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Could the Prime Minister tell this House whether the outcome of his Budget was by design or by mistake?
Did he mean to push 100,000 pensioners into poverty with his own analysis when he removed the winter fuel allowance, or was that a mistake?
Did he mean to decimate family farming when he changed inheritance tax, or was that a mistake?
Did he mean to tax GPs, care homes and hospices when he raised national insurance contributions, or was that a mistake?
Can the Prime Minister tell the House whether they are acceptable collateral damage in his path for change, or simply mistakes that need rectifying?
I will tell the hon.
Member what was a mistake: leaving a £22 billion black hole that we had to sort out.
We took the difficult decisions, investing in our NHS, and I would have thought he would have welcomed the 2 million extra appointments that we have achieved in the first seven months of a Labour Government.
That is the difference our Budget is making to people.
I am delighted that Calton and Grange primary schools in my city of Gloucester will be among the first 750 schools to get free breakfast clubs, and I am pleased that this Government are already delivering on their manifesto promises in less than a year.
So will the Prime Minister agree with me that, by helping working parents with childcare and delivering the best start to the day for every single child, we are delivering opportunity for the next generation?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We are pleased that two of the early adopter schools will be in his constituency.
We are ensuring that all children of primary school age can get access to free breakfasts and at least 30 minutes of free childcare.
That means every child ready to learn, and parents of course supported with up to £450 a year back in their pockets.
That is the change a Labour Government make.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I wish the Prime Minister every success on his trip to Washington.
The visit to see President Trump must serve our national interest.
The Prime Minister and I are completely united in our support for Ukraine as a proud and sovereign nation.
What specific steps will he take to ensure Ukraine is at the negotiating table for any peace settlement?