I can provide more updates.
The banned plants are being worked through species-by-species.
There were 11 in 2023 and 10 in 2024, and we are working through each one of those.
The working group is taking each of those on a case-by-case basis and working through each issue as it arises.
Given that the grace period will run out within the next year, what are the plans to ensure that Northern Ireland does not run out of veterinary medicines?
We are working to narrow the range of products that involve a problem, but we are working in respect of each of them as well.
The matter is being given consideration in the knowledge that, as the hon.
Member has pointed out, the deadline is approaching.
The Windsor framework was a distinct improvement on the old Northern Ireland protocol, but does the Minister agree that if we are to ensure the smoothest possible movement of agrifood products across the Irish sea, it is vital that we secure a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement with the European Union?
I agree that the Windsor framework is a big improvement on the protocol.
We are committed to implementing it at the same time as seeking to negotiate an SPS agreement that would provide further improvements in the movement of agrifood products, and we must pave the way to that by resetting our relationship with the EU and implementing the Windsor framework in good faith.
What steps he plans to take to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
What steps he plans to take to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
The approach to legacy taken by the last Government was wrong.
It caused immense pain to victims and survivors, and in many respects has been found to be unlawful.
In December I laid a proposal for a draft remedial order to address the human rights deficiencies in the Act that had been identified by the courts, and when parliamentary time allows, I will introduce primary legislation to reinstate legacy inquests halted by the Act and to reform and strengthen the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery.
Why did the Secretary of State abandon the appeal in Dillon and Ors?
Because sections 46 and 47 of the Act were found to be unlawful, and, as the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, the case that gave rise to the attempt to deal with the problem through those sections that have now been found to be unlawful arose from a Supreme Court judgment in 2020.
For two and a bit years, the last Government were unable to find a solution.
Notwithstanding the Secretary of State’s response, may I ask why this Labour Government are continuing to undermine the tough action taken by the  Conservative Government on individuals who have acted against our democracy and society, such as Gerry Adams, by considering repealing the Act, giving Adams and others the possibility of a six-figure payout?
As I said during the last Northern Ireland questions, no one wants to see that happen.
We are currently working to find a lawful way of dealing with the problems that were created by the way in which the original interim custody orders were signed in 1972 and, I think, 1973.
In 2020, the Supreme Court found that orders that had not been signed and considered by the then Secretary of State were not lawful.
In 2019, Boris Johnson commissioned the Shawcross report on Libyan-sponsored IRA terrorism.
United States citizens have received compensation from the Libyan Government for attacks on British soil, but UK citizens never have.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to ensure that the report is published?
The whole House will have profound sympathy for all the victims of Gaddafi-sponsored IRA terrorism, and all the victims of the troubles.
The Shawcross report was commissioned by the last Government as an internal report, and decisions on the report and its future are currently under review by the FCDO.