The floods of 2013-14 devastated Datchet, Horton and Wraysbury, and the flooding last January was not much better.
But shockingly, the River Thames scheme as currently proposed continues to leave my constituents at risk.
The council was asked to cough up tens of millions but, like many, it is cash-strapped.
Does the Prime Minister agree that  the only option to protect my constituents is to fund channel 1 of the River Thames scheme as national strategic infrastructure, which really it is?
The hon.
Member has raised this issue before, which obviously is important for his constituents.
We inherited flood defences in their worst state on record, which is why we are investing £2.6 billion to protect over 50,000 properties.
I understand that the options to reduce flood risk to these communities are being considered as part of the Datchet and Hythe End flood alleviation scheme.
I will ensure that he has a meeting with the relevant Minister to take forward the work.
In order for the Government’s growth agenda to be a success, it must be felt in all areas of the country, including Doncaster and South Yorkshire, where we have green growth transport companies such as Hybrid Air Vehicles and Clean Power Hydrogen, alongside the reopening of Doncaster Sheffield Airport.
Will the Prime Minister put on record his support for Mayor Ros Jones, who has led on the airport reopening?
Will he set out how the growth agenda will override traditional investment patterns mainly in the south of England and bring prosperity to South Yorkshire and the north as a whole?
Yes, I will.
Doncaster has a proud industrial heritage of rail, steel and coal, and extraordinary potential for industries of the future, from hydrogen to artificial intelligence.
We are focused on devolving more power and funding to metro Mayors to support regional industry.
We will work with the Mayors of Doncaster and South Yorkshire to support efforts to reopen Doncaster Sheffield airport.
I have the privilege to represent the home of Speyside malts, one the finest Scotch whiskies.
Last week, the UK Government unveiled damaging plans to grant a different definition of single malt to English producers from that of Scottish single malts.
That is entirely inconsistent with the global reputation of the quality of single malts, and seeks to tear up the well-established definition of a single malt, pulling the rug yet further from under the Scottish whisky industry.
Given the backlash from the industry and the damage that it could cause to Scotch whisky exports and jobs, will the Prime Minister’s word on whisky be his whisky bond?
Will he back the industry to the hilt and scrap these plans?
We do support Scotch whisky.
It is a really important part of our economy, and that is why we allocated £5 million in the Budget to it and why we are working with Brazil, which is worth £25 million for Scotch whisky.
That is what we are doing to support that sector in Scotland.
In another sector, at the weekend I was very pleased to announce the £200 million investment in Grangemouth and in future generations there.
Yesterday  I returned from Ukraine, having spent four days with a cross-party delegation of parliamentarians.
The Ukrainians we met from across society had one simple message:  they were deeply thankful for our partnership, and they wanted us to know that they can overcome the Russian invasion because they must.
Does the Prime Minister agree that alongside our welcome 100-year partnership, now is the time for the UK to redouble our efforts alongside our European partners to help secure Ukraine’s future as a free, democratic and sovereign European nation?
Yes, I do.
I am proud of the way that the United Kingdom has risen to the challenge of the past three years in a united way, through the capability and funding that we have provided to Ukraine and also by throwing open homes here to those fleeing.
I was privileged to welcome some of the families to Downing Street on Monday.
It was a human reminder of the impact on them, their children and their families.
The whole House wants the Prime Minister’s meeting with President Trump to be a success, which requires credibility on our defence spending commitments.
The Leader of the Opposition gave the Prime Minister the opportunity to rule out unambiguously funding any Chagos deal from the defence budget, but I am not clear that he did that.
I want him to be taken seriously in Washington, so I will make it really easy for him: will he rule out funding any Chagos deal from the defence budget—yes or no?
As I have said, when the deal is complete, I will put it before the House with the costings.
The money yesterday was allocated to aid our capability and is the single biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war.
The whole country stands behind the people of Ukraine, but there is a view that taking money from aid and development to spend on armaments and tanks makes people less safe, not more safe, because the desperation and poverty that so often leads to warfare is what aid and development money is supposed to counter.
As I said yesterday, overseas development is important, and I am proud of what we have done.
It was not a decision that I took lightly or wanted to take, but it is important at this moment that we put defence spending and the defence and security of our country and Europe uppermost.
We will, of course, make sure that we are able to fulfil our humanitarian obligations in relation to Gaza, Ukraine and Sudan and other vital work.
I want to be clear: we do of course want to go back and increase that funding as soon as we are able to do so.
I hope the Prime Minister knows that when he travels to Washington to meet the former leader of the free world, he does so with the hopes and prayers of this House and the country; probably no more serious a meeting could be taking place.
While the subject of Ukraine will clearly dominate, will he undertake to raise with President Trump the fact that Canada is a valued, respected and much-loved member of both NATO and our Commonwealth?
This childish nonsense of a 51st state should be called out by the Prime Minister for what it is.