May I start by wishing the Prime Minister well on his trip to the White House?
It will not be an easy meeting, but we are all behind him for the sake of our national interest.
It is already clear that, sadly, under President Trump, we will not be able to rely on the United States to help ensure our security against Russian aggression, which is why we strongly welcome the Prime Minister’s decision to increase Britain’s defence spending.
But Europe must do far more to rearm in the face of Putin’s threat and the UK must lead on that.
That is why we back the idea of a new European rearmament bank, so that we can finance a big increase in manufacturing capacity without the need to cut Britain’s vital soft power.
Will the Prime Minister look at this idea, work across this House and across Europe, so that we can make a European rearmament bank happen?
I shall resist the right hon.
Gentleman’s suggestion that we somehow have to choose between the US and our European partners.
I do not believe that to be the case.
I want to strengthen our already strong relationship with the US, because it is vital that we do so.
I of course want to work with our European allies on defence capability and on what more we need to do in relation to capability, co-ordination and funding.
In the longer term, there is an ongoing discussion among allies as to future funding, and I am happy to share that with the House as it evolves.
I hope the Prime Minister is successful in keeping the US on board with our European allies.
I am glad that he is talking about finance and defence.
If he were to push this European rearmament bank at the summit of European leaders on Sunday, I think that he would be pushing at an open door.
Certainly, Prime Minister Tusk is supporting the idea from the Polish point of view.
Let me turn now to domestic matters, with the cost of living crisis hitting so many of our constituents.
Families in my constituency are really angry that Thames Water is sending them bills this April that will cost them £150 a year more.
Thames Water has already let down so many people, whether it is through leaking pipes or pumping its filthy sewage into our rivers.
A third of customers’ bills are already used just to pay the interest on Thames Water’s debt, and now the company will borrow £3 billion more.
Is it not time to stop making people pay for bailing out the vulture funds that are drowning Thames Water in debt?
Will his Government just put this firm out of its misery and put it into special administration, so that we can sort out that mess and the mess left by that lot on the Conservative Benches?
The right hon.
Gentleman is certainly right about the mess made by that lot.
We obviously have our water Bill, which contains very strong measures, and I think that he supports them.
We have heard extraordinary rhetoric coming out of Washington in recent days and we have seen fascist salutes on our screens.
We have witnessed wild statements about Palestinians being expelled from Gaza, and we have seen our allies labelled “dictators”.
Britain’s interests are best served by standing with Ukraine, working closely with our European allies, upholding international law and remaining a strong part of NATO.
Will the Prime Minister assure us that this will form a central part of his message when he meets world leaders this week?
We certainly stand with Ukraine—I think I speak for the whole House when I say that.
As I set out yesterday, NATO is the bedrock of our security.
It has been our most important alliance for many, many years, and it is as important today as it has ever been.
We build that alliance by working with the US.
We have a special and deep relationship with the US—that is not just words, but to do with security, defence, and intelligence capability, which are vitally important for both sides—but we also work with our European allies.
It is that ability to work with the US and our European partners that has held the peace for so many years, and needs to hold the peace for many years to come.