Today is yet another long, exhausting day for the loved ones of the victims of Grenfell, who are still having to fight for justice nearly eight years on.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s response and look forward to the Select Committee’s scrutiny of the Green Paper and the proposals for the single construction regulator.
If we are honest, however, what the Secretary of State has outlined will not tackle the root cause of the systematic ignorance of tenants’ concerns—that toxic stigma at the heart of our social housing sector.
What steps is she taking to ensure that tenants have a voice in the social housing sector and are shown respect when they raise concerns for their families?
We must never forget that 41% of the victims of Grenfell were disabled.
That figure underlines the collective failure of the system to protect those in need.
The Government’s commitment to residential evacuation plans for disabled people in high-rise buildings is a welcome step forward, but I would be grateful if the Secretary of State clarified how the Government intend to make residential personal emergency evacuation plans—PEEPs—enforceable if the responsible person fails to identify the vulnerable resident.
I am also pleased that funding has been allocated for that in the social sector, but in reality disabled people live in all types of housing.
Will she commit to ensuring that disabled people in the private rented sector have the same access to evacuation plans as those in the social sector?
None of the families present in the Public Gallery should have to be here.
The tragedy in 2017 happened in the holy month of Ramadan, and as we approach Ramadan this week—a time that should be dedicated to reflection, healing and togetherness—too many families are still fighting for justice.
No family member present  should have to spend their time demanding accountability when they should be focused on recovering from their trauma.
I pay tribute to them for their tireless efforts, and pledge to continue to be a voice for them in their fight for justice without any more delay.
I know that my hon.
Friend, as Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee, is committed to the rights of social housing tenants.
As she outlined, the social housing system has not been fit for purpose, and those failings contributed to the Grenfell tragedy.
We are driving up standards in social housing through stronger regulation and enforcement measures, strengthening tenants’ voices and improving access to redress.
Those reforms will ensure that landlords are held accountable for the quality of the homes and services that they provide.
At the heart of the new regulatory regime is the requirement for all landlords to treat tenants with fairness and respect.
Social landlords are required to understand and provide information and support that recognises the diverse needs of their tenants, including those arising from protected characteristics and language barriers.
The Government will lay regulations as soon as possible this year on the social housing provider funding made available for residential PEEPs.
We will direct the regulator to set standards on the competency and conduct of staff to ensure that tenants are treated with respect.
At a national level, we have extended the social housing residents panel to help ensure that tenants’ voices and experiences inform policy development.
We will keep a new regulatory system under review.
We will evaluate its effectiveness by 2028 to ensure that it is delivering the improvements we need.
We will set out further measures to strengthen residents’ voices in the long-term housing strategy later this year.