Pharmacies in Northern Ireland are in a declared state of crisis.
Pharmacists are having to dip into their savings just to stay afloat, and they are cutting staff numbers and opening hours.
The National Pharmacy Association, which represents 6,500 community pharmacies, has warned that its members may have to further cut opening hours, halt home deliveries and reduce local support services, and that warning is amplified in Northern Ireland.
What conversations has the Secretary of State had with the Northern Ireland Executive to safeguard access to crucial pharmacy services across rural and urban regions?
Does he agree that an urgent impact assessment on pharmacy underfunding is required to highlight the scale of the crisis for community pharmacies, which provide vital-to-life services?
That issue did not figure in the discussions I had recently with the NI Health Minister, but I have no doubt that it will do so in the future, and I will take the matter up.
Many ministerial decisions are important in getting public services delivered, but so too is back-up by the civil service.
There is some concern about the level of expertise in the civil service in Northern Ireland.
In the inquiry into the renewable heat incentive, the permanent secretary admitted that the civil service was not able to give timely advice to Ministers, and had not given accurate advice.
What can the Secretary of State do to ensure that the gap that there appears to be in expertise in the civil service—because the Northern Ireland civil service is not integrated into the UK civil service—can be filled?
I have met many civil servants who are doing a very good job and are very committed to their work, but the Northern Ireland civil service is the responsibility of the Northern Ireland Executive and the Ministers in the Departments—it is not my responsibility to deal with.
Many projects that are designed to improve public services are being held up in the courts in Northern Ireland because of procurement, planning and the decision process.
The latest ruse being used to hold up projects is the claim that they do not comply with the Government’s net zero policies and will lead to an increase in carbon dioxide emissions.
One of the projects that is being held up is the important A5 road in the west of Northern Ireland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that while we have statutory limits on CO2 emissions, we will always be vulnerable to major infrastructure projects being held up in the courts?
I do not accept that, because getting to a net zero world is really important for the future of humankind, and the Government have commitments that it is very important to fulfil.
As for delays in the planning system and the way in which the courts operate in Northern Ireland, once again, those are matters for the Executive.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the recommendations in the Independent Reporting Commission's seventh annual report.
The IRC’s report highlights progress, but reminds us that there is still much to do to tackle paramilitarism and the harm it causes.
Following discussion with the Irish Government, it has been agreed to support a short, independent scoping exercise to assess whether there is merit in a formal process to bring about paramilitary group disbandment, as the IRC has suggested, and whether there would be public support for such a process.
Having spent lots of time with family in Northern Ireland since I was a small child, I have seen the progress made over the years and know what a difference it has made on the ground.
I welcome this Government’s commitment to help secure that progress and tackle the scourge of paramilitarism.
Does the Secretary of State share my view that making further progress will require a range of measures, and that the Executive’s programme on paramilitarism, criminality and organised crime is a crucial part of that?
I do indeed agree with my hon.
Friend.
That programme is doing very good work, and of course the UK Government are funding it together with the Executive.
I also agree that a wide range of approaches needs to be taken, including continuing to use the full force of the law to deal with paramilitary criminality.
After decades of illegal paramilitary organisations taking successive Governments for a ride over transition and pocketing millions of pounds along the way, the Secretary of State now wants to appoint a special envoy—a nursemaid to paramilitaries.
When will this pandering come to an end, and is the Secretary of State going to accept the IRC’s grotesque proposal of moving to de-proscription,  under which organisations that murdered thousands of people would ultimately be made legal?
Can he at least rule that out?
On a happier note, will the Secretary of State join me in welcoming today’s announcement by the Irish Football Association and the Galgorm resort that there will be a new training facility par excellence for Northern Ireland football teams?
I am very happy to join in what appears to be the general consensus of welcome for the IFA’s announcement, a proposal that I discussed when I met the IFA during my time as shadow Secretary of State.
On the substantive issue that the hon.
and learned Gentleman has raised, the fact is that 26 years later, people say that the paramilitary organisations should have left the stage.
They are still here, despite the progress that has been made, and are still causing harm to communities.
The IRC’s proposal—which I recognise is not supported by everybody—is to inquire whether there are some paramilitary organisations that do actually want to leave the stage, and whether there is merit in having a process that ensures that.
However, what I announced yesterday is not a process; it is a scoping study to find out whether it is worth having one or not, which I think is the right thing to do.
After all these years, people are bewildered that we are still talking about transitioning paramilitary groups, which have continued to recruit, to grip and to poison communities and current-day politics in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister commit to ensuring that we learn from all the things that have not gone right, and all the previous attempts at transition?
Will he commit to ensuring that there is no payday for former paramilitaries, that we take a serious criminal justice approach, and that there are preconditions on such things as emblems and financial assets?
Does he agree that that makes it even more important that we get the infrastructure right on the legacy of the troubles, and move towards getting back on track as a serious rule-of-law society?
For the avoidance of doubt, there is no question of paying anybody any money to disband.
There is no question of doing that at all.
As I indicated a moment ago, for all the efforts that have been made—there is much to learn from what has worked—the fact remains, as the Independent Reporting Commission report makes clear, that many communities in Northern Ireland continue to suffer real harm because of paramilitary activities.
What is the proof that those who say they are prepared to disband are doing so?
The proof will be: do they end recruitment, paramilitary-style assaults, intimidation, child criminal and sexual exploitation and violence against women and girls?
That is what people are experiencing today in Northern Ireland.
I want all paramilitaries off our streets for good, and I also want to see justice done for their victims.
That is why I cannot quite understand why the Dublin Government are closing their eyes to the 2021 Horner judgment, which recommended inquiries in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland.
The family hearings in Omagh have brought the horror of that day to a new generation.
Will the Secretary of State use his influence to call on Dublin to give the Omagh families the public inquiry they deserve and want so, so much?
I recognise, not least because of the commemorative hearings that have been taking place in the inquiry, that all the pain, suffering, horror and tragedy of that day have been brought to life again for the families who live with that every single day of the week.
I welcome the fact that the Irish Government are committed to co-operating with the Omagh inquiry.
I look forward to the signing of the memorandum of understanding.
It is for the Irish Government to decide what inquiries they wish to establish in relation to events in the Republic.
Whether he has had recent discussions with horticultural suppliers in Great Britain on the supply of goods to consumers in Northern Ireland.