Will the Prime Minister join me in wishing all Welsh citizens everywhere a very happy St David’s day on Saturday?
Will he also join me in welcoming the latest news of the £600 million investment by Copenhagen Infrastructure Partners to ensure that Bute Energy and Green GEN Cymru can take forward the bold ambition to achieve  100% green electricity production by 2035 in Wales, thus providing much-needed sustainable green jobs for the people of Wales?
I wish my hon.
Friend and her constituents a very happy St David’s day, and join her in welcoming the significant new investment in her constituency that will ensure good, well-paid skilled jobs and the transition to energy security and lower bills.
I know her constituency will play a vital role in that.
Does the Prime Minister agree that our biggest single foreign policy priority is the preservation of NATO with America at its heart?
If so, following his welcome announcement yesterday, is the next step to talk to our European allies and for all of us to agree to spend 3% of GDP on defence within a specified timescale, so we can look the President in the eye and say that Europe is finally pulling its weight on defence?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman entirely on the priority in terms of NATO.
Putin thought he could weaken NATO.
He has only made it stronger and larger.
NATO’s strength comes from the US, European partners and others working together, and that is absolutely the focus of my work at the moment.
It is right, as he says, that European countries, including the United Kingdom, need to do more on capability, co-ordination and defence spend.
That must be seen not as a project separate to NATO, but as part of an essential project that ensures NATO is there for decades and decades to come preserving the peace, just as it has been for 75 years.
The Grangemouth refinery closure has loomed over central Scotland since Petroineos’s announcement in November 2023.
Two weeks ago, Scottish Labour colleagues and I met the National Wealth Fund to make the case for investment in Grangemouth.
I strongly welcome the exceptional commitment that this Labour Government have shown to Grangemouth by committing £200 million from the National Wealth Fund.
Can I ask the Prime Minister what steps the Government will be taking to secure permanent good jobs at Grangemouth?