began dating Dudley's sophomore year and were married in 1957.
Together, Dudley and Shirley raised four children--David, Diane, Tracy, and Jay.
Dudley went on to receive an athletic scholarship to play basketball at the University of Rhode Island and served as team captain.
After graduating in 1960, Dudley taught at Roosevelt Junior High School in New Bedford for one year, before accepting a position to teach at Sharon High School.
For 35 years, Dudley taught science at Sharon High School and quickly established himself as a pillar of the local community.
In 1961, during his first year of teaching in Sharon, Dudley also began coaching the boys' varsity basketball team and continued to do so until 1983.
Throughout his two decades as a coach, the team won five Hockomock League Championships and a total of 328 games.
The team also qualified for the state tournament 18 times and played in 10 semifinals and four state finals.
With a coaching record of 328-114, Dudley was inducted into the Sharon High School Athletic Hall of Fame as well as the Massachusetts Basketball Coaches' Hall of Fame and was a recipient of the MIAA Sherman A. Kinney Award for outstanding contributions to Massachusetts high school basketball.
In addition to his work as a teacher and a coach, Dudley also took on the role of athletic director at Sharon High School in 1969 and held this position for nearly three decades.
In 2010, to celebrate Dudley's impact on the Hockomock League and athletics across the region, the league named a division after him--the Davenport Division.
Dudley's contributions to the Sharon community were not limited only to the classroom or basketball court.
For over 40 years, Dudley served as a board member on the Sharon Credit Union as well as the Chairman for nearly two decades.
Under his leadership, the credit union grew and transformed into the important resource that it is today.
As an educator for over 35 years, Dudley understood the importance of access to education and played a critical role in establishing the Sharon Credit Union Scholarship Program, which awards scholarships to graduating seniors who excelled in academics, extracurriculars, and community service.
Sadly, we lost Dudley too soon on May 15, 2019, at the age of 81.
Dudley leaves behind a remarkable legacy as a loving father and devoted educator, coach, and mentor to students and colleagues alike.
Although Dudley had a significant record as both a coach and player, what people remember most is the positive impact that Dudley had on those around him.
On February 16, 2024, the Sharon community will gather together to dedicate the gymnasium at Sharon High School in memory of Dudley Davenport.