Mr. GROTHMAN.
Mr. Speaker, the first European settlers arrived in present day Menasha in 1835.
In 1848, Governor James Doty and Curtis Reed formed the Town of Menasha, naming it after the Winnebago word for ``thorn'' or ``island'' and otherwise known in the Menominee language as ``little island''.
In 1849, the navigational channel of the FoxWisconsin waterway was placed through the north channel in Menasha, leading to the construction of the Manitowoc and Mississippi Railroad in 1854.
The creation of this railroad led to major water and rail transportation routes passing directly through the city.
Menasha was officially incorporated as a city in 1874, and was considered to be a transportation hub.
One of the earliest successes of the newly established city was the Menasha Wooden Ware Company which produced wooden tubs and barrels, and eventually made its way to become the world's largest wooden ware products manufacturer.
Evolving into the corrugated packaging business, the company changed its name to Menasha Corporation.
By the early 1900's, Menasha earned the moniker ``Industrial City,'' hosting renowned companies such as Menasha Corporation, the George A. Whiting Paper Company Mill, the John Strange Paper Mill, Island Paper Company, the Gilbert Paper Company, and the George Banta Publishing Company.
These enterprises reflected a community characterized by ingenuity and the collaborative spirit of its residents, contributing to the city's success through hard work and dedication.
This year, as a 
Representative of the great state of Wisconsin, I am proud to join in commemorating the city of Menasha in the Sesquicentennial Anniversary of its founding.
The celebration on the beautiful Menasha waterfront showcases various events honoring the city's history, culture, character, and quality of life.
The celebration aims to engage local residents along with visitors from other communities with associated observance activities in recognizing the city's notable historical achievements along with their ongoing tenacity projecting a future vision of Menasha as Your Place on the Water.
I would like to extend my gratitude and congratulations to the people of Menasha and wish the city 150 more years of prosperity and success.