The Secretary of State casually discards 2,800 jobs and is so uninterested in the ongoing effect on the rest of the economy in south Wales that he has not even made an assessment of what the economic impact will be on the south Wales valleys more generally.
Can he clear up for us precisely how many other people’s jobs are likely to be affected?
Is he aware that, in the last few months, we have had 500 jobs go at UK Windows and Doors in the Rhondda and 100 jobs go in the last 24 hours at Everest 2020 in the Rhondda?
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan)  says, it does not feel as if the Government have an industrial strategy.
Nor does it feel as if they have an anti-poverty strategy.
For that matter, they do not have a levelling-up strategy either, do they?
Is it not time we had a new Secretary of State for Wales, so that we can get on and have a proper plan for the economy of south Wales?
I am sorry to have to say this to the hon.
Gentleman, but it is slightly insulting for him to suggest that the tone in which I have set out the answers suggests casual disregard or a lack of interest.
I assure him that nothing whatsoever in the Wales Office at the moment is more important than securing the future of Port Talbot.
I am sorry, but frankly, while this Government are putting up £500 million to ensure the future of steelmaking in south Wales and demonstrating an interest in making steel, some Opposition Members are more interested in making headlines.
My constituents who work in Port Talbot inform me that there has been no progress on enhanced redundancy negotiations between the unions and Tata.
Given the scale of the public investment involved, will the British Government use their leverage to ensure that Tata treats its workforce with a degree of dignity?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
I think that Tata now needs to come forward with a bit more information about who exactly we can expect to see being made redundant and what their current skillsets are, so that we can begin targeting the help.
The challenge up until now is that we have not had the information on who is being made redundant.
Tata has made it clear that it will not automatically be the people on the blast furnaces, for example, who are made redundant, because it hopes to retain some of the people who are working there but offer redundancy to people in other parts of the plant.
We have not had the information as of yet, but I think the time has come to have that information.
We of course want to ensure that any redundancy packages are as generous as possible.
My constituents who work at the Shotton plant are very worried about the news they are hearing and concerned about their colleagues’ futures, but they are also wondering what it means for them.
Clearly there will be knock-on effects, not just in the supply chain but in other Tata plants around the country, so what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the short, medium and long-term impact of these decisions on other plants?
We were very clear that while the arc furnace was being built, we wanted to make absolutely certain that all those other plants around Wales were able to receive product to finish, and Tata has been very clear that that will happen.
It will have to bring it in from elsewhere over the next two to three years, but that will happen.
There will therefore not be the impact that the hon.
Gentleman is rightly concerned about.
Of course, that is possible only because of what some of the hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues have described as a reckless deal.
What would have been reckless would have been for us to see Tata in an office and say, “Okay, you’re going to make 8,000 people redundant and shut down all these sites, and there’s nothing for us to do about it.”
That would have been reckless.
What we actually did was to come forward with a £500 million package of taxpayers’ money, and rightly so, to support the continuation of steelmaking in Port Talbot and to ensure that all the other plants in Wales—Shotton, Trostre and Llanwern—continue to receive product during that interim period, so that we do not see significant job losses anywhere else.
It is an increasingly dangerous world, as  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  and  the right hon.
and learned Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)
said, so will the Secretary of State release an impact assessment on Britain losing its sovereign capability to produce virgin steel?
It is starting to feel a bit like groundhog day here.
Can I explain again that the iron ore, the limestone and the coke are all coming in from abroad?
There is no sovereign capability to make steel in the blast furnaces at Port Talbot.
However, we are already producing high-quality steel in arc furnaces that is used in the defence industry.
I recently met Sheffield Forgemasters, which is producing steel for nuclear submarines in an electric arc furnace in the United Kingdom.
We have great hopes and plans to build offshore floating wind structures in the Cromarty firth and the surrounding area, which would be a fantastic use of the great fabrication skills we have there, but do the Government recognise that the continued production of steel—and very probably the increased production of steel—will be crucial to this plan becoming a reality?
Yes, I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that it is important that we have a means of producing steel that can be used to build floating offshore wind turbines.
Technically, that is quite difficult to do.
It would require either steel plate or a very heavily reinforced version of steel coil.
I know that discussions are going on between Tata and at least one of the likely major investors in floating offshore wind turbines to ensure that the steel can be made, and we hope that we will use steel from the electric arc furnace to do just that.