Despite what the Secretary of State may claim, the Government are investing in support of plans that will lead to approximately 2,800 job cuts, along with an irreversible cut in the capacity to produce virgin steel.
Tata has announced that it will open a voluntary redundancy scheme on  15 May .
Can the Secretary of State update the House  on what he expects the redundancy packages to include, and will he join me in condemning threats that the company appears to have made to withdraw enhanced redundancy packages if industrial action goes ahead?
Let me answer the hon.
Gentleman’s questions directly.
The value of the redundancy packages will have to be agreed between Tata and the trade unions, but Tata has made it very clear that it wants to go well beyond statutory redundancy.
It has put out several figures, some of which could be more generous if there is no industrial action.
I do not want to see industrial action, but I do not condemn the unions either; I think that they have played a very positive role in discussions on the transition board and outside it, and I understand the strength of feeling among people at Port Talbot.
As for the two other points made by the hon.
Gentleman, let me say this again, and say it clearly, so that everyone can understand it.
Tata came to the UK Government and said that it was going to pull out of steelmaking in south Wales.
That decision would have cost 8,000 jobs, as well as, we think, about 12,700 in the wider supply chain.
Officials from the Department for Business and Trade wanted to come up with a plan that would save as many jobs as possible, which is where the arc furnace plan has come from.
That plan will save 5,000 jobs, with a Government investment of half a billion pounds.
It is not the outcome that anyone wants, but it is a better outcome to see 2,800 jobs lost than to see 8,000 lost.
Neither is a good outcome, but that is what we wanted to achieve.
Let me repeat that this is not really about a sovereign ability to produce virgin steel.
All the elements of steelmaking are being imported from abroad.
We are not about to start opening up iron ore mines.
Steel is produced here with iron ore from abroad, limestone from abroad, and coke made from coal from abroad.
We cannot do this by ourselves.
At the same time, we have 8 million tonnes of steel that is being exported.
We will be making use of a resource that is already in our country.
Back home in Scunthorpe, we watch very closely what is happening in Port Talbot.
What work has been done to determine the quality of those 8 million tonnes of scrap and whether it will be suitable for use in the electric arc furnaces?
May I also ask my right hon.
Friend to reflect on this point?
When it comes to sovereign capability, the issue is not always what you are doing and choose to make; it sometimes comes down to what you may need to make at some point in the future.
May I remind my right hon.
Friend that we have a perfectly good mine full of coke and coal in Cumbria, and that there is an awful lot of limestone under the ground in this country as well?
My hon.
Friend is right that if we wanted to, we could probably find iron ore, coke, coal and limestone in the UK, but I do not see any great enthusiasm at the moment for opening up the mines to do that.
As for the 8 million tonnes of scrap in the UK that will go into the arc furnaces, officials from the Department for Business and Trade and EY have gone over very carefully the business plan being put forward by Tata.
Let me point out to my hon.
Friend that not  only are the UK Government investing half a billion pounds, but Tata is investing £750 million, so Tata obviously feels that there is a good, strong, commercial case for building that arc furnace, and is putting its money where its mouth is.
The Port Talbot steelworkers in my constituency have given their life to the steel industry and to Tata Steel.
The reckless deal that has been done by the UK Government and Tata is a hammer blow for them, and we hope that there is still time for the employer and the unions to come together, drop the bad deal for steel, and adopt the compelling and robust multi-union deal instead.
May I ask the Secretary of State about the role of contractors in all this?
Everyone knows that for every job lost in a steelworks, between two and three more are lost through supply chains and contractors, so the figure of 2,800 that is being used is a massive underestimate of the devastating impact, as there will be job losses through supply chains and subcontractors.
Does he agree that the number of job losses will be far higher than 2,800 if this reckless deal is adopted?
If so, does he agree that it is time for everyone to pull back from the brink and adopt the multi-union plan, which offers us a bridge to the future, rather than the cliff edge that is currently being pursued?
Clearly, there will be an impact on those in the supply chain; there has been absolutely no doubt about that.
At the last transition board meeting, at which the hon.
Gentleman was present, we discussed that, and we agreed that we would want to support anyone in the supply chain who has been affected, but we cannot start putting numbers on this.
It would be irresponsible to start guessing the number of people who will lose their job, but I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that there will clearly be an effect.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about a reckless plan, but ours was the only plan on the table.
He keeps suggesting that we adopt the Syndex plan, but it is not a plan unless Tata agrees to it.
I have discussed the Syndex plan with senior management at Tata and with the head of Tata Holdings, Mr Chandrasekaran, in Mumbai.
He does not believe that it is commercially viable, and he believes that it would be technically far too difficult to try to build an electric arc furnace on the site of the steel melt shop.
indicated dissent.
The hon.
Gentleman shakes his head.
I do not know what the answer is; he says that it is possible to implement the Syndex plan, but Tata says that it is not.
What the hon.
Gentleman has to realise is that it is not the UK Government he has to convince; it is Tata.
The UK Government have never said that they would be against the Syndex plan.
It is Tata that has to be persuaded.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his comments, and for reminding us that half a billion pounds is no small beer when it comes to intervention in a private industry.
There are clearly difficulties with the transition, and a lot of us who care deeply about the steel industry in Wales and  Britain are worried about our capacity to do what we need to in the future, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  said.
What ongoing discussions are there on whether Tata will keep one of the blast furnaces open for longer than is set out in the plan, in which they are to be shut down by the end of this year?
I have had that discussion with senior management at Tata, as have members of the Labour party, trade unions and many others.
Tata faces losses of over £1 million a day as a result of keeping the two blast furnaces open.
It says that those losses would continue even if one was functioning, because, first, it would have to make significant capital expenditure on blast furnace 4 for that to go ahead, and, secondly, it would have to import all the coke that goes into that blast furnace, as the coke ovens were shut down with the agreement of the unions, because of health and safety concerns.
Then Tata would face the additional technical problem of trying to build an electric arc furnace on the same site as a steel melt shop containing hundreds of tonnes of molten steel that is poured off into casters.
That is why it has said very clearly that it will not entertain the proposal.
The UK Government have never said that we would not entertain the proposal.
If Tata wanted to come forward with a plan to build the arc furnace, using the grant that the Government have put forward, while keeping one blast furnace open for longer, of course the Government would be open to discussion of that.