Half of Haiti’s population is starving, violence is rife, dead bodies lie forgotten on the street.
For too long this crisis has been ignored.
As the Minister knows, that grave situation risks also destabilising the wider Caribbean region, including our overseas territories, with the Turks and Caicos islands less than 200 miles away.
Can the Minister confirm the UK’s donation to the UN fund—the Government missed that out of their statement—and lay out what other diplomatic support the Government are offering to address the crisis?
Most importantly, beyond the other things that I have mentioned, we are working closely with the UN Security Council, which is a vital forum here, and we continue to work with like-minded countries to help with the establishment of the MSS.
The hon.
Lady rightly highlights the importance of humanitarian support.
We are one of the major donors to the UN central emergency response fund, and there has been an authorisation of disbursement of $12 million to support those affected.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of Iran’s role in the conflict in Gaza.
Iran’s support for proscribed groups operating in Gaza, such as Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad, compromises our efforts towards a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
Iran continues to operate in violation of the joint comprehensive plan of action.
Its nuclear programme is way beyond anything needed for purely peaceful processes.
However, it does not end there: Iran is threatening journalists on UK streets, and its proxies in Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthis continue to inflict tragedy on the region.
What is my right hon.
Friend’s assessment of whether the JCPOA is still fit for purpose?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
Alongside international partners, we are prepared to use all options available to tackle the difficulties that he describes, including triggering the UN snapback and ending the JCPOA if necessary.
As probably the only Member who has actually lived and worked in Gaza, I must say that I have been heartbroken over the past six months by what I am hearing from friends and colleagues there about the almost total destruction of the healthcare system and the impact of widespread starvation on their patients.
With the UK having defunded the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, still supplying arms to Israel, and often defending Netanyahu’s policies, is the Minister not anxious that the UK Government are undermining international law itself?
No.
The hon.
Lady will have seen how, in respect of UN Security Council resolutions 2720 and 2728, Britain’s diplomacy worked to move people into a common position.
We are very clear about the importance of getting aid into Gaza and getting the hostages out, and all British policy is bent, without fear or favour, towards achieving that.
If the Government will make an assessment of the potential impact of a military offensive in Rafah on the humanitarian situation in that area.
We are deeply concerned about the prospect of a military offensive in Rafah.
We need an immediate humanitarian pause to get aid in and hostages out, then progress towards a permanent, sustainable ceasefire.
The Foreign Secretary is fortunate to have such an able deputy, which makes it all the more difficult to understand the inherent complacency in that answer.
We are hours away from a bloodbath that will make Falluja pale into insignificance—it will be the worst bloodbath seen in the world since the second world war.
Some 1.6 million people, most of them women and children, are 72 hours away from a full-scale invasion.
The Minister keeps saying that we are going to press Israel; what are the Government going to do about it if it happens?
The hon.
Gentleman and I first entered this House on the same day, nearly 40 years ago, and it is no surprise to see him back in his place.
It has to be said that throughout that time his views have been remarkably consistent.
Given the number of civilians sheltering in Rafah, it is not easy to see how such an offensive could be compliant with international  humanitarian law in the current circumstances, and on his overall point, I hope he will recognise that the British Government are doing everything we can to prevent the circumstances he has described.
“Sustainable calm” is the latest buzzword, but the fighting simply has to stop.
In the past two days, Palestinian President Abbas has said that in order for there to be sustainable calm or a ceasefire, the United States must give a warning to Israel.
What warnings have the UK Government given to Israel when it comes to a possible ground invasion in Rafah?
I refer my hon.
Friend to the comments I made earlier.
He will know that the British and American Governments have been working in lockstep to prevent the situation he has described.
What recent discussions he has had with his Polish counterpart on international parental child abduction.
I recognise the distress caused to all those affected by international parental child abduction, particularly the children.
The primary global mechanism for dealing with international child abduction cases is the 1980 Hague child abduction convention.
Due to the persistent campaigning of my right hon.
Friend, the Foreign Office has raised this matter with the Polish Government, including the Foreign Secretary raising it with his counterpart.