The hon.
Gentleman is already applying a lot of pressure through his chairmanship of the all-party parliamentary group on international freedom of religion or belief, which took forward a Bill just last week.
My co-Minister Lord Ahmad met Pakistan’s Foreign Minister, Ishaq Dar, in March to discuss the issues that the hon.
Gentleman has raised, and the former Foreign Secretary has raised the issue of the persecution of religious communities, including recent attacks against the Christian community in the Punjab.
Those conversations will continue, and the fact that we have committed to continuing the role of the freedom of religion or belief envoy will provide us with the authority to do that.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to strengthen international co-operation on tackling illegal migration.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to strengthen international co-operation on tackling illegal migration.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to strengthen international co-operation on tackling illegal migration.
Tackling irregular migration is a priority for Foreign Office engagement across our overseas networks, through international forums, including at the G7 and European Political Community, and bilaterally.
Given the success of the agreement with Albania, which has considerably reduced the number of illegal immigrants crossing by small boats, does the Minister believe that more of these agreements are necessary, alongside our Rwanda policy?
Yes, my hon.
Friend makes a good point.
He will have seen that on  17 April  we signed an agreement with Vietnam to tackle irregular migration and reduce channel crossing casualties.
The numbers of Vietnamese people coming across the channel has been one of the fastest rising groups in recent months.
Recently, the Irish Tánaiste stated that he believed the increase in irregular migration to the Republic of Ireland was a direct result of the deterrent effect of our Rwanda policy.
The Irish Government have since made moves to try to remove those illegal migrants back to the UK.
What conversations has my right hon.
Friend had with EU counterparts and Home Office colleagues about ensuring there is no returns policy with the EU unless a reciprocal agreement is made?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point: what is sauce for the goose is also sauce for the gander.
The movement of asylum seekers from the UK to the southern Irish Republic would suggest that the Rwanda agreement is already having the deterrent effect we are seeking.
I have been saying for some time in this place, and many other places, that a combined effort between French and English forces would be very useful on the ground in France to stop the boats from even getting to the beaches in the first place.
We have the technology and we can destroy the boats; I do not see why we do not do that.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh)  and I wish to visit Calais to meet the mayor to discuss that idea.
Will my right hon.
Friend join us?
That is an unbelievably tempting invitation from my hon.
Friend.
Recently, we have seen a 120% increase in French troops on the ground and a 36% reduction in the number of migrants coming across compared with last year, so French troops on the ground are delivering what is required, at least in part.
The Irish Republic’s Government and their Justice Minister indicated that they believe that up to 80% or more of those who are illegally in the Republic of Ireland are coming across the land border, but that appears to have been a purely subjective figure.
Has the Minister been able to establish the veracity, or otherwise, of such an exceptionally high figure, which the Justice Minister has claimed to be the case?
We have not because, as the hon.
Gentleman will understand, that is a southern Irish Government responsibility.
No doubt the southern Irish Government will be pressed on this matter and will deliver an answer in due course.
On one hand, the Minister says he wants to improve international co-operation on tackling illegal migration, but on the other hand he says the Government are not willing to come to an agreement with the Government of Ireland or any other European countries on returns of asylum seekers.
I did not say anything of the sort, Mr Speaker.
We are working together in numerous international fora, including the Global Refugee Forum, the G7, the UN General Assembly and the European Political Community summit, to tackle this matter upstream.
Working upstream and working with others is critical to resolving this deeply disturbing problem.