As we know, and as has been said, right now an offensive is under way to capture El Fasher, the last remaining city in Darfur outside Rapid Support Forces control.
The risk of massacres and rapes targeted at non-Arab communities is imminent, and I fear that it will be simply appalling in scale.
All arms supplies to the warring sides must stop, and we thank our tireless diplomats, alongside African Security Council colleagues, for Friday’s statement at the UN, but what mechanisms are the Government using, with our partners, every single day to build pressure for an immediate ceasefire and a sustainable peace?
We very much hope that Jeddah 3 will be the next significant opportunity to negotiate.
What we require is a ceasefire, with the troops returning to barracks, and a political track.
When I was in Adré on the Chad-Sudan border a few weeks ago, I saw for myself the difficulties of supporting Darfur, including with food.
The hon.
Lady, and indeed the House, may rest assured that Sudan is not forgotten and that Britain, as the pen holder at the United Nations, is doing everything it can to help.
What steps he is taking to support freedom of religion or belief in Nicaragua.
The UK is committed to defending freedom of religion or belief for all.
We share widespread international concern about the suppression of human rights in Nicaragua, including the right to freedom of religion or belief.
We continue to call, in bilateral and multilateral settings, for the Nicaraguan Government to respect democracy and all human rights.
Three all-party parliamentary groups, including that on international freedom of religion or belief, recently produced an inquiry report, “The Silencing of Democracy in Nicaragua”, outlining widespread, grave and brutal human rights violations by the regime against journalists, academics, political opponents, religious leaders and wider civil society.
Our report makes recommendations for the UK Government and other states.
What public steps will Ministers take, both unilaterally and jointly with other countries, to challenge those violations, to support the victims and survivors,  such as Bishop Álvarez, and to call to account the Nicaraguan regime for such violations, in line with our recommendations?
I very much welcome the report.
It was good to meet my hon.
Friend and parliamentary neighbour, the respected special envoy on FORB, to review the report—I read it with interest and will respond to the inquiry members shortly.
She can be assured that we continue to call out this behaviour—this unacceptable behaviour—by the regime, which does not respect human rights and certainly does not respect freedom of religion or belief.
What steps his Department is taking to support Jimmy Lai during his trial in Hong Kong.
We have called for an end to British citizen Jimmy Lai’s prosecution in Hong Kong and for his release.
The Foreign Secretary raised his case with the Chinese Foreign Minister in February, and I raised it during my visits to Beijing and Hong Kong last week.
Would Ministers agree that this dreadful case shows the true nature of the Chinese communist regime?
Could we be doing more to really get a stout   defence of British citizens throughout the world, including Vladimir Kara-Murza in Russia and Jimmy Lai in Hong Kong, who are part of political show trials in authoritarian or fascist states?
Mr Lai has faced multiple charges to silence and discredit him, and he has been targeted in a clear attempt to stop the peaceful exercise of his rights to freedom of expression and association.
My hon.
Friend raises an important question about dual nationals and the challenges that our consular teams face in countries that do not recognise that British nationality.
We will continue to champion them, and we have consular teams at Jimmy Lai’s trial almost every day and will continue to provide what support we can, including to his family.
I know that the Minister takes a close interest in this issue.
Has she or any other Foreign Office Minister had an opportunity to raise this directly with the Chinese ambassador?
I have raised this issue with the ambassador, and was able to raise it last week when I was in Beijing with my Foreign Minister counterpart.