Given that the Colonna report makes clear that donors should have confidence in UNRWA and that Australia, France, Germany, Sweden, Canada, Japan and Denmark have all restored funding, and with Gaza facing famine, I ask the Deputy Foreign Secretary again: when will the Government do what Labour has called for and restore full funding to UNRWA?
As I have set out, we are looking at all those reports and we will make a decision in our own time.
Britain is not falling short in that respect, because we are currently fully funded on all the earlier commitments we made.
We will look at the Office of Internal Oversight Services report and the UNRWA reaction to it.
We are aware of non-traditional donors and private donations coming in, and UNRWA is fully funded until the end of May.
When we reach our conclusion, I will be sure to inform the House of it.
If the Government will revoke strategic export licences to Israel.
As required by the UK’s robust arms export control regime, the Foreign Secretary has reviewed the most recent advice about the situation in Gaza and Israel’s  conduct of its military campaign.
The British position on export licences is unchanged, but we will keep that position under review.
Given that the very purpose of the UK’s arms export licence criteria is to apply a precautionary principle to arms sales to prevent them from fuelling future atrocities, and given the extensive evidence of potential war crimes and violations of international humanitarian law by Israel in Gaza, surely it is clear that the UK export licensing system is not working.
Does the Minister agree with me and the countless Midlothian constituents who have been in touch with me that the Government should now suspend the transfer of arms to Israel in order to prevent future atrocities, and does he agree that UK Government policy allows for that decision to be made at the discretion of Ministers, outside the failed export licensing system?
Our position on the arms embargo is consistent with most of our like-minded partners, who have not taken any decision to suspend existing arms export licences to Israel.
It would be an odd decision for us to take when we have used our own military weaponry to defend Israel from the attacks by Iran.
Exports are linked to law, of course, and the White House said yesterday that the International Criminal Court does not have jurisdiction over Israel because, rather like the USA, it is not a signatory to the statute of Rome, which set up the Court.
More than three years ago the then British Prime Minister wrote an open letter saying that the UK does not accept that the ICC has jurisdiction, again because of the statute of Rome and the absence of sovereignty over the situation in the region.
Can the Deputy Foreign Secretary confirm that that is still the position of His Majesty’s Government?
I can tell my right hon.
and learned Friend that we do not think that the ICC has that jurisdiction, as was set out in the letter to which he referred, but it is a matter for the ICC ultimately to reach a determination on that.
What steps his Department is taking to support the welfare of staff in the British embassy in Port-au-Prince.
The safety of our staff is paramount, and a decision was taken in November 2019 to move the last UK base staff member in Haiti to the neighbouring Dominican Republic.
The security situation since has not allowed us to consider returning permanently.
We have two country-based staff members in Haiti’s capital, who we are in constant contact with.
They are working from home and there are no specific threats to them based on them working for the UK.
When Haiti’s transitional council was sworn in last week, the location of the ceremony had to be changed owing to gunfire erupting from nearby criminal gang outposts—a stark reminder that  Haiti is a country far from political legitimacy.
What steps are the Government taking to assist the transitional council in order to ensure that a new President is democratically elected in 2026 and that we do not see them targeted with violence in the meantime?
We are working closely with international partners, including the United States, Canada and, very importantly, CARICOM—the Caribbean Community—and of course we are also working incredibly hard to ensure that we provide every support we can for the multinational security support mission.
The Foreign Secretary has already pledged funds for our support for that important mission.