The Deputy Foreign Secretary was asked— What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the blue belt programme on ocean health.
The blue belt programme supports the protection and sustainable management of 4.3 million sq km of ocean around Britain’s overseas territories.
The blue belt programme, directly funded by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, is a fantastic way not only to help with climate change but to improve our environment.
One of the biggest threats to oceans is plastics, so will the Government consider strengthening the UN global plastics treaty in the upcoming negotiations?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is interesting to note that 85% of plastic pollution in the Pacific and Indian oceans comes from just six rivers, and therefore an international treaty really matters.
The point he makes is a good one, and it is at the centre of negotiations, which the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Taunton Deane (Rebecca Pow) , was talking about last week in Ottawa.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary will be aware that over 90% of the UK’s biodiversity is within the overseas territories.
I was privileged last summer to visit St Helena in the Atlantic ocean, where I was amazed by the natural biodiversity both on the island and in the seas around it.
What more help are the British Government giving to the overseas territories Governments to ensure that their biodiversity can be enhanced and maintained?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman has had a chance to visit St Helena—as have I in the past.
It is one of the most remarkable places on Earth.
On the issue of cleaning up the ocean and plastics, I can tell him that the UK is a founding member of the high ambition coalition to end plastic pollution, which is a group of 60 countries whose central aim is to stop  plastic flowing into the environment by 2040.
The overseas territories are not suppliers of plastic but they are receivers of a lot of it, and that is why this is so important.
The recent Environmental Audit Committee reports—on the Arctic and the current one on the Antarctic, both of which I chair—have called attention to the excellent blue belt programme and how very important it is in the Arctic and the Southern ocean.
One of our recommendations was that the programme would work properly only if all the Ministers responsible for the Arctic in different Departments got together on a reasonably regular basis to discuss it.
Can the Deputy Foreign Secretary please advise on whether that committee has met or what plans he has to call the meeting?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and I am advised that the meeting is, I think, today.
Many of my constituents have written to me concerned that the UK is delaying its ratification of the global ocean treaty, which could limit human activity in what would be known as sanctuary areas in order to protect valuable marine life.
Has a Minister made an assessment of how that could work with the blue belt programme to ensure that our overseas territories have the highest possible protection for their water and their biodiversity?
The hon.
Lady makes a good point.
The Government are extremely well joined up on that—I made the point earlier about the DEFRA Minister working closely with the Foreign Office on these matters—so I think she can reassure her constituents that that matter is very much in hand.
What recent steps he has taken through the UN Security Council to support progress towards a sustainable peace in the middle east.
The UK played a leading role in securing the passage of Security Council resolutions 2728 and 2720, which set out the urgent demand for expanded humanitarian access.
The way to a sustainable peace, as my right hon.
Friend says, is through humanitarian access.
Could he please confirm what the UK Government are doing to ensure the full funding of UNRWA again, and what they will do to stop the Hamas terrorist group affecting the supply of aid to Palestinian citizens?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of aid getting in, and UNRWA is a critical organisation in achieving that.
He will know that we have had a chance to look at the Colonna report, and I spoke about this matter with the UN Secretary-General yesterday when I was in New York.
We are waiting for the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services, which we expect to hear about soon, and we will then  reach our conclusions on the best way of getting aid into Gaza.
My hon.
Friend may rest assured that we are doing everything we can to ensure that aid gets in.
Next Sunday will mark 100 days since the International Court of Justice warned of a genocide in Gaza, yet the Israeli military continues to ignore the legally binding orders of the world’s highest court, continues to bomb Gaza indiscriminately and continues to block vital humanitarian aid, all while the UK stands by and lets the right-wing Netanyahu Cabinet blatantly undermine the court’s legitimacy.
Can the Minister explain to me just what blatantly disregarding international courts and openly violating UN ceasefire resolutions means for the rules-based order he claims to uphold, because to me, my constituents, the Palestinians and countless persecuted groups across the world, frankly these rules are now not worth the paper they are written on?
What the hon.
Gentleman says—the way he reflects on what the ICJ said—is not accurate.
The ICJ called for hostage release, for more aid into Gaza and for Israel not to commit acts that violate the rights of Palestinians.
The Government agree with those three points.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary take the message back to his boss that the insertion of British troops on the ground in Gaza will simply play into the hands of those who wish to divert attention further away from the existential conflict between Russia and Ukraine?
Does he share my sadness that there is not a single mention of Ukraine in any of the questions on today’s Order Paper?
My right hon.
Friend will know that the Government are absolutely committed to doing everything we can to help Ukraine.
He will have seen the Prime Minister’s announcement last week on the increase in defence spending, and where that announcement was made.
I very much hope that my right hon.
Friend will not draw any conclusions from today’s Order Paper, but note specifically this Government’s driving ambition to ensure that Ukraine is successful in beating back the Russians.
The creation of a sustainable peace in the middle east will require the establishment of a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary will know that Prime Minister Netanyahu is now implacably opposed to the creation of such a state, so what will the UK do to oblige Israel to comply with the international peace process?
Does he think a sustainable peace is possible so long as Mr Netanyahu remains in power?
Many voices are heard within Israel, but the hon.
Gentleman will recognise that the predominant view of the region, of the United Nations and of the regional powers, the great powers and the British Government is that a two-state solution is required, with both Palestine and Israel living behind secure borders in peace and safety.