Last week the US Congress agreed a new $61 billion aid package for Ukraine.
The bipartisan co-operation led by Mike Johnson is essential if Ukraine is to continue to defend against Putin’s illegal invasion.
I am proud that this House will stand united on Ukraine for as long as it takes to win.
Will the Minister update the House on progress with our G7 allies to seize and repurpose frozen Russian state assets in the UK, to support the reconstruction of Ukraine?
The Government are seeking agreement on a way of advancing this matter with the G7.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the mechanism, and we are doing everything we can with our allies to achieve precisely what he describes.
Hamas are rightly an internationally proscribed organisation, yet the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, which funds and supports Hamas, is not.
Should it not be?
The list of proscribed organisations is kept under review, but we do not comment on whether any particular organisation is being considered for proscription.
However, the Government have taken measures to counter the threat from Iran, including sanctioning the IRGC in its entirety.
Tibet is currently ranked as the least free place for civil and political rights by Freedom House, alongside Syria.
There are credible reports of torture, extrajudicial killings and serious restrictions on freedom of expression and freedom of the media.
Last year, three independent  UN experts warned that almost a million Tibetan children are coerced into a residential schools system designed to systematically assimilate them into Han culture.
What diplomatic steps have the Government taken to hold the Chinese Government to account for these grievous violations?
Order.
This is topical questions.
The Government consistently raise human rights issues with the Chinese authorities, as I did during my visit last week, as I have mentioned.
We also regularly raise Tibet in multilateral fora, such as in January at China’s universal periodic review and in March as part of our item 4 statement at the UN Human Rights Council.
Many people in the Aylesbury constituency are understandably concerned about the plight of Palestinians in Gaza.
They condemn the appalling actions of Hamas, but at the same time want the UK to do everything possible to get more aid in.
Can my right hon.
Friend let them know what further plans he has to provide more aid directly, especially with our friends in the region, including Egypt, Qatar and Jordan?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his thoughts and ideas, which he came and spoke to me about last week.
He was conveying the views of the mosques in Aylesbury.
We are pursuing many of the ideas that he set out, as he knows, especially on meeting the evident humanitarian needs that have rightly preoccupied the House today.
One month since UN Security Council resolution 2728 passed with UK support, what are our Government doing to bring about the immediate ceasefire in Gaza, the compliance with international law, the release of hostages and the passage of aid that it calls for?
What are the consequences for non-compliance, apart from more death and destruction?
As the hon.
Lady knows, UN resolution 2728, which was passed on  25 March , reflected the international consensus behind the UK’s position about the importance of getting aid in and the hostages out.
That is what we are bending every sinew to achieve.
Bearing in mind Lord Cameron’s unique responsibility for Libya, following our intervention in that country during the Arab spring, what are the Government doing to help the Libyan Government to tackle the enormous fraud that is taking place from the sale of oil from the Libyan state oil company?
We continue to work closely with the Government in Libya.
Lord Ahmad and I keep in touch on these matters, and I will update my hon.
Friend further.
When the International Court of Justice, almost 100 days ago, sent Israel for trial, plausibly on charges of genocide, the British Government called it a foreign court.
What attitude will the Government take if, as is widely reported, the British King’s Counsel chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Benjamin Netanyahu?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is speculating in an extraordinary manner.
What the Court said at the time was that the hostages should be released, that there should be more aid into Gaza and that Israel should not commit acts that violate the rights of Palestinians.
That is where the Court rests at this point, and we must wait for further events.
Ahead of the UN General Assembly high-level meeting on antimicrobial resistance, does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is vital to build the political will of developed and developing countries to prioritise tackling AMR?
What discussions has he had with his counterparts coming up to this high-level meeting?
My hon.
Friend is right.
An enormous amount of work is going on in respect of AMR, which is being discussed extensively this year at the United Nations.
Dame Sally Davies, who leads for Britain on this vital issue, is doing a fabulous job, and Britain is committed to doing everything it can to make real progress.
As of 9 April, eight field hospitals are reportedly active inside the Gaza strip, with some operating at 265% of their capacity and with a shortage of medication and supplies.
What are the UK Government doing to help facilitate medical evacuations, particularly of children?
We have worked extensively with our partners in the Gulf on evacuations, and Britain is doing a great deal through our medical support for the field hospital we have in Gaza as well as to support other humanitarian and medical activities, which are so vital there.