Diolch yn fawr iawn, Llefarydd.
In the Netherlands, political pressure has resulted in Tata investing in an electric arc furnace and direct reduced iron technology, all while protecting jobs and keeping blast furnaces open.
The German Government are spending €2.2 billion—over four times more than the UK is spending—on transitioning the country’s steel industry towards hydrogen.
Why is the UK so uniquely incapable of effective investment in our strategic steel future?
A few people seem to have the idea that building a DRI plant would resolve this problem.
The first point to remember is that if a DRI plant were built on the site, it would probably save another 200 jobs.
There is a plant in Texas, run by Voestalpine, which I believe produces 2 million tonnes or so of steel every year and employs 200 people, so a DRI plant will not resolve the problem.
Clearly, DRI plants require access to a regular and affordable amount of natural gas.
There is, however, nothing whatsoever to stop Tata, at some point in future, building a DRI plant to go along with the electric arc furnace, if it believes that that is commercially sensible.
Even if it were to do that, it would not really resolve the problem that we face: 2,800 jobs being lost in Port Talbot.
At best, it would save another 200 jobs.
I am sorry, but this Government’s lack of ambition for our steel industry is just disgraceful.
As many of the Secretary of State’s constituents work in Llanwern, he should understand that decisions made about Port Talbot have a direct impact on Newport and can lead to problems with  securing volume for Llanwern.
We are looking at potential redundancies, and uncertainty about the long-term future of the plant.
It is not too late for the Secretary of State to stand up for his constituents, show more ambition for our steel industry—as other countries do—argue for a fairer transition, and try to avoid compulsory redundancies.
Why will he not do that for his own constituents?
We have acknowledged all along that under the proposals, Port Talbot planned to close down the pickle line at Llanwern, but not until the electric arc furnace was built.
We discussed that at the last meeting of the transition board, and we all agreed that just as we want to help everyone in Port Talbot, we want to help anyone affected in Llanwern.
The hon.
Lady keeps talking about a lack of ambition.
We can all dream about a situation in which blast furnace 4 is kept open for another six years, but what we cannot do is force Tata to continue accepting losses of over £1 million a day in order for that to happen.
I have to say that there has been a lack of responsibility on the part of some Labour Members—though not any present in this Chamber—who seem to have gone around suggesting that they have a special, costed secret plan that would save all those jobs.
They do not.
They have not put any kind of a costed plan to any senior management in Tata.
They have never sat down and said, “If you do this, we will give you this, and that way, we could save all those jobs.”
They have simply gone around saying that they want to see all the jobs saved.
We all want to see every single job saved, but we cannot force Tata to continue to take losses of over £1 million a day.
I come from an area of the country that suffered from industrial decline two generations ago, and the human impact of what we see happening to Port Talbot will blight the current generation.
We talk a lot about a transition to a green economy.
When will the Government invest in the national skills strategy that we need to provide?
People in Port Talbot are about to lose their jobs, and redundancy payments do not last forever.
A generation will be blighted.
They need skills for the 21st century, so will the Government commit to a national skills strategy?
The hon.
Lady asks about the money to support the town of Port Talbot.
I have said already that there is £500 million to build an arc furnace that will save thousands of jobs.
There is £15 million going into regenerating the town.
There is £26 million of funding for the freeport, £7.5 million of funding for Launchpad and, as far as skills are concerned, £80 million from the UK Government primarily to retrain people.
There is another £20 million coming in from Tata.
There has not been one penny from the Welsh Government towards this endeavour.
They have been able to find £120 million to spend on more Senedd Members, and £30 million to spend on 20 mph road signs, and we have just learned that they have lost £60 million, having set up a bank, but they have not been able to find one penny to support the steelworkers at Port Talbot.
Is this not just the tail end of a Government who abandoned the words “industrial strategy” a decade ago when I asked questions on this matter?
Why have the Government not had the  ambition and the vision to realise the potential?
For example, if there were a plate mill on the site, it could produce the steel for the substructures and wind turbines that are planned to be built in the Celtic sea around the Milford Haven and Port Talbot freeport?
There is no industrial strategy, there is no vision and there is no joined-upness.
There are just massive sticking plasters from this Government.
There are discussions going on about the possibility of building a plate mill on the site when the electric arc furnace is completed.
There is nothing whatsoever to prevent a plate mill from being built.
The hon.
Gentleman will not be aware of all the discussions going on, but I say respectfully to him that a plate mill will not save 2,800 jobs.
We face the loss of a significant number of jobs as a result of the decision to close down the blast furnaces, and even if a plate mill, a direct reduced iron plant or a hot zinc dip line were built on the site—all of which are reasonable things to consider—it would not solve the problem that 2,800 people are facing the loss of their jobs.
That is why the £500 million for the arc furnace was so important, as was the £80 million for the transition board.
We talked earlier about the supply chain.
The repercussions of this decision will be felt across south Wales, so can I ask the Secretary of State directly whether he has secured any commitment whatsoever from Tata about the future of the workers at those downstream facilities across south Wales?
Yes, Tata has been clear that it was originally going to close those sites but it now expects all those sites to remain open.
During the process of building the arc furnace, while the blast furnaces are shut down, it will be bringing steel in from elsewhere to make sure that the product is going into those other plants.
With the closure of the coke ovens making the viable lifespan of the blast furnaces all the more precarious, and the electric arc furnace still being a long way off, we will rapidly reach a situation where Port Talbot can no longer supply the Trostre works in Llanelli in my constituency, so what talks has the Secretary of State had with Tata bosses about securing high-quality interim supplies for Trostre and securing all the jobs there?
I have spoken to Tata on that very issue.
It has been clear that it would have to import steel to feed Trostre, and it is willing to do that.
The timeline for the electric arc furnace is ambitious, but work is ongoing: the groundworks will start very shortly, the application for planning permission should go in in the autumn, and hopefully it will be turned round and dealt with by early next year.
It will then take about two years to build the electric arc furnace.