The trial and detention of British citizen Jimmy Lai shows the symbolism and importance of getting a grip on the question of Hong Kongers and their rights.
Can the Minister confirm that when she was in Beijing she was able to get the balance right between the legitimate trade interests and the importance of human rights, freedom of religion or belief, freedom of expression, and all those other moral and political duties that we have in foreign policy?
I was able to meet many different groups, from businesses to civil society and religious voices, and indeed political interlocutors, last week in Beijing and also in Hong Kong.
I raised very firmly all those issues, such as freedom of expression, without fear or favour.
They were robust discussions.
It is so important that we are able to engage so that we can have those conversations.
Our complex relationship with China and Hong Kong continues but we will continue to stand firm to make sure we champion and stand up for all those who defend those freedoms.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Government continue to stand up for our values, our allies and those most in need.
The Foreign Secretary attended the NATO and G7 Foreign Ministers meetings and reaffirmed our unwavering commitment to Ukraine.
He urged partners to increase their support in line with the Prime Minister’s pledge of 2.5% of GDP for defence.
I returned overnight from the United Nations in New York as part of Britain’s contribution to the international conference on population and development 30 and our work on Sudan and securing funding to stave off a famine in Ethiopia.
Conditions in Gaza are desperate and civilians are suffering.
It is now an immense issue.
Water has still not been fully switched back on and famine is taking hold.
The World Food Programme reports that 90% of people in northern Gaza are living on less than a meal a day.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman clearly outline what his Government are doing to alleviate the threat of famine and prevent its further spread?
We are trying to make sure that the water is restored, as I set out earlier, and we are championing the provision of aid by land, sea and air, and I set out the help we have received from the Royal Air Force in that respect.
But at the end of the day, the right way to get aid into Gaza is by road and we are pressing in every way we can to ensure that that access is restored.
Following on from that discussion about getting aid into Gaza, sometimes we need novel ways of thinking about doing that, so what conversations is my right hon.
Friend having with other countries and counterparts about opening a new maritime corridor if the road routes are failing?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
We are working closely with a number of partner Governments, including the United States of America, Cyprus and the United Nations.
Maritime discussions include corridor planning for the delivery of UK aid and our package of support including equipment and the use of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Cardigan Bay.