British citizen Ryan Cornelius has now been imprisoned in the United Arab Emirates for 16 years.
In 2022, the UN determined that he was “arbitrarily detained”, and before the Deputy Foreign Secretary came to his current position, he signed a letter calling for his immediate release.
On Saturday, Ryan turned 70, and his children have grown up without him.
Will the Government please update us on what they are doing to get him home and whether they will lodge a plea for clemency, given his age and  ill health?
I assure my hon.
Friend that FCDO Ministers and officials continue to raise the cases of both Mr Cornelius and Mr Ridley with the UAE authorities.
We are urgently looking into the information provided by the family and seeking expert advice.
We will follow up with the people concerned when we have more information.
The proposed EU-UK youth mobility scheme would have allowed 18 to 30-year-old UK citizens to work and study in the EU without barriers that the Government’s Brexit have created, yet the Tories and the Labour party immediately rebuffed the offer.
What is the message to young people across the UK who are watching opportunities being blocked by Westminster?
The EU scheme requires people between the ages of 18 and 35—I did not realise that you were still a young person at 35—to have absolutely free movement.
That discussion has been had at length both in the Chamber and during the Brexit vote.
What we do have is bilateral youth mobility schemes, which we are more than happy to propose with interested parties.
On Gibraltar, the Minister has stated that our current EU negotiations are consistent with UK sovereignty.
How will that be achieved, given our defence and RAF assets as well as any nuclear naval capability that the UK has in that region?
How will our sovereignty be guaranteed at the border if there is a Schengen border post on the soil of Gibraltar?
My hon.
Friend can be assured that we will continue to safeguard the sovereignty of Gibraltar, which is much cherished.
He can also be assured that in the negotiations we will fully protect the operations and the independence of the UK’s military facilities in Gibraltar.
I very much look forward to discussing this more fully in front of his Committee tomorrow morning.
Despite repeated claims by the Saudi authorities that they would abolish the death penalty for children, child defendants are still regularly sentenced to death.
Some 11 have been executed since 2015.
Child defendants Abdullah al-Howaiti, Abdullah al-Derazi and Youssef al-Manasif have all received death sentences for crimes allegedly committed before the age of 18.
In April 2020, Saudi authorities issued a royal decree purporting to abolish the death penalty, but that appears to have been an empty promise.
Will the Minister intervene and impress on them their human rights obligations?
We continue to engage with the Saudi authorities on this and, as the hon.
Member knows, we push back on the death penalty being used in any country around the world.
When will the Foreign Office and the Home Office abandon their ridiculous pseudo security argument that is preventing the return of Shamima Begum and other   women and children from northern Syria?
Our allies oppose that policy because they know that it risks turning those children into tomorrow’s terrorists.
My right hon.
Friend, who knows a great deal about this matter, speaks with considerable authority on it.
I have no doubt that his voice will be heard in both the Foreign Office and the Home Office.
Spain, Norway and Ireland are ready jointly to recognise Palestine as a state within weeks.
Four other European countries look likely to follow suit, and France recently voted to admit Palestine as a full member of the UN.
Is it not time that the UK Government joined their European partners in recognising Palestine?
As we have made clear, recognition of a Palestinian state cannot come at the beginning of the process, but it does not have to come at the end.
Could the Deputy Foreign Secretary update us on the state of our relations with Djibouti, and his assessment of the impact of the UK recognising the memorandum of understanding between Ethiopia and Somalia on  the development of the port of Berbera?
Does he  have any plans to visit Djibouti?
If so, may I give him some advice?
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that I have visited Djibouti, without suffering the fate that I am so sorry he suffered.
As he knows, we are taking up this matter with the authorities in Djibouti.
Israel’s deliberate and wilful starvation of Gaza is a war crime, yet the Government deflect all questions on UNRWA funding by saying that it runs until the end of April.
We are here—today is the last day of April.
If the Government do not restore UNRWA funding, are they not aiding and abetting Israeli war crimes?
I have made very clear the Government’s position on UNRWA.
We are in a process, and after it has been completed I will report to the House.
Ahmed Ali Alid, the Moroccan asylum seeker convicted last week of murdering 70-year-old Terence Carney, wandered through 13 European countries before entering the UK illegally and claiming asylum.
Does the Minister agree that we must redouble our efforts and work with international allies, and that we do not want criminals like that in our country?
I understand the hon.
Lady’s concerns.
I am not familiar with the case, but I will follow up and get back to her.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Wales if he will make a statement on Tata ending the statutory consultation on redundancies at Port Talbot steelworks.
On  25 April  Tata announced its strategic direction to proceed with its Port Talbot transformation, following the launch of the formal national consultation with the unions on  6 February .
Technically, the consultation has not concluded at national or local level.
The statutory consultation remains under way, and I understand that the company intends to move to local consultation with staff who may be affected.
This is a deeply concerning time for the Tata workforce and the wider community.
I hold regular conversations and meetings with the unions and management, and will continue to do so as we develop interventions to build a brighter future for Port Talbot.
On  15 September  we announced an unprecedented £500 million Government grant as part of the £1.25 billion investment by Tata Steel to build a new electric arc furnace.
Tata Steel employs more than 8,000 people, including at Port Talbot.
All those jobs— along with many thousands more in the supply chain—would be under threat were it not for the agreement that we struck.
The transformation will be difficult but the funding has saved 5,000 jobs in the company.
It is not the case that we have paid money to put people out of work—we have paid a lot of money to save 5,000 jobs.
We are also looking to modernise production and ensure that steelmaking in south Wales can continue for generations to come.
Going beyond that, to support those affected by Tata’s decision we have put £100 million towards the creation of the transition board, which I chair, and which includes representatives of the UK and Welsh Governments, local authorities and industry.
The funding includes £80 million from the UK Government and £20 million from Tata—nothing as yet from the Welsh Government, but we hope that there will be some.
It will be used to achieve the transition board’s priorities, the first of which is to support those affected employees to find new, well-paid jobs.
The board’s priorities also include supporting businesses in the supply chain and the longer-term regeneration of the region.
In its most recent meeting last week the transition board endorsed a local economic action plan, which will act as a road map for how best to use the funding to support those affected.
While the ongoing consultation is a matter between the trade unions and the company, we will continue discussions with all parties.
We hope a resolution is found that avoids industrial action.
The Government will continue to work closely with industry to secure a sustainable and competitive future for the Welsh steel sector.
I am confident of a good future for Port Talbot and the region, with the UK Government progressing the bid by Associated British Ports to the next stage for up to £160 million of funding to support our nascent floating offshore wind industry, and our progress towards establishing the Celtic freeport, backed by £26 million of UK Government funding.
Last Thursday’s news was a gut punch for workers in Port Talbot, with economic consequences that could reverberate across south Wales for decades.
Last month, I met workers at the plant.
The sense of the threat to nearly 3,000 people’s livelihoods was all-consuming.
The wider supply chain in Llanwern, Shotton and Trostre is vulnerable, too.
We again urge Tata not to make any irreversible decisions before a general election.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock), for Newport East (Jessica Morden), for Newport West (Ruth Jones) and for Llanelli (Dame Nia Griffith) have been proud vocal advocates for their constituents.
In contrast, the Government have forked out £500 million of taxpayers’ cash for the loss of 3,000 jobs.
That is their deal and they own it.
In addition, the loss of sovereign steelmaking is a fundamental threat to our UK economy and security.
It will constrain our ability to build the floating offshore wind we need to lower energy bills, deliver energy security and create the jobs of the future.
We are now around a month away from blast furnace No. 5 potentially closing, so what assessment have the Government made of the impact of the closure on job losses at the plant and in the supply chain across Wales?
With the talks ongoing between unions and Tata this week, does the Secretary of State, like me, want to see an agreement from Tata that compulsory redundancies will be avoided?
What steps will he take to encourage such an agreement?
He has said that no one will be left behind if they lose their jobs.
Will he publish the local economic plan that the transition board has agreed as the basis for its investment decisions?
With Labour’s national wealth fund, the future of UK steel will be fuelled by the skills, talent and ambition of Welsh steelworkers, but until the country is given the chance to have its say at a general election, I want workers across Wales to know that Labour Members have their backs.
Let me take the hon.
Lady’s points one by one.
First, the £500 million investment will save 3,000 jobs.
We are not paying money to throw people out of work; we do not want to see anyone thrown out of work.
Tata has made a decision to close blast furnaces based on the losses it is making.
When it came to us, we said, “What can we do to keep people in work?”
This was the plan it came up with.
Secondly, the plan will have no impact on sovereign steelmaking.
The hon.
Lady, if she talks to Tata, will understand—[Interruption.]
She is chuntering, but all the iron ore that goes into the blast furnaces comes from abroad, all the coal that is turned into coke comes in from abroad, and all the limestone comes in from abroad.
It therefore has no impact whatever on our sovereign steelmaking ability.
In fact, we have 8 million tonnes of scrap steel in this country, much of which has been exported abroad.
We are going to use that scrap steel and put it in the electric arc furnace, which will increase our sovereign ability.
The hon.
Lady says that the plan will have an impact on our ability to create floating offshore wind.
Last time, she said it would have an impact on our ability to create battleships.
She needs to understand that battleships are made using steel plate and that floating offshore wind turbines are also made using steel plate.
Steel plate  is not made by Tata at Port Talbot.
Tata at Port Talbot produces coil, which is thin and not strong enough to make either battleships or floating offshore wind turbines.
The hon.
Lady asked about the number of people affected.
We have been very clear about that from the start.
[Interruption.]
I am trying to answer the hon.
Lady’s questions.
She asked the questions; I listed them and I am answering them.
She asked about the number of jobs affected.
We have said all along that we expect it to be around 2,800, but it is for Tata to confirm that once it has gone through the statutory consultation procedure.
The hon.
Lady asked whether we would encourage Tata to come to an agreement so that there are no compulsory redundancies.
Of course, we would.
We do not want anyone to be made redundant against their wishes.
We did not want this process to happen in the first place, but as I said to her several times, Tata came to the UK Government with a threat to pull out, which would have cost 8,000 jobs and the entire supply chain.
The hon.
Lady asked if the local area action plan can be published.
It is not fully finalised yet—it is a road map—but she will surely be aware that the current First Minister was sitting on the board as the economic development Minister.
The Labour economic development Minister in the Senedd is on the board.
The local Member of Parliament is on the board, as is the local Senedd Member, the chief executive of the local authority, and the representatives of three trade unions, so it is hardly a secret document.
It is not as if the transition board is meeting in conditions of great secrecy.
If the hon.
Lady has any further questions, I am more than happy to answer them.
When will the Government do something about the very high energy prices in this country, which have been made high by regulations and taxes?
Does my right hon.
Friend not accept that any kind of steelmaking will be extremely difficult if we have uncompetitive energy, and is it not wrong to import such materials, because it will mean even more carbon dioxide emissions, as well as destroying jobs here?
We have looked carefully at the losses that Tata is making, which have come about partly because of the age of the infrastructure.
In fact, Tata has had to close down the furnaces at the Morfa coke ovens within the last few weeks.
The UK Government are fully cognisant of the cost of energy at the moment, which is why Tata has already benefited from many of the schemes that we have introduced over the past few years, will begin to benefit from the British industry supercharger scheme shortly, and will benefit from the carbon border adjustment mechanism at the start of 2027.