He left his job to join the United States Navy, where he

served as Coxswain aboard the USS Ammen in the Pacific theater for 3

years.
His unwavering dedication and service enabled him to serve on

the USS Logic Minesweeper for an additional year before being honorably

discharged.
Once returning to Austin, he resumed his employment at Hormel Meats,

where he spent the following 40 years exhibiting dedication to his work

and his community.
After returning home from defending our country, Mr. Gomer married

his childhood sweetheart, Shirley Mae Greenlee.
Their family grew with

the addition of their 4 children: Patricia, Mark, Cheri, and Pamela.
Over the years, the family has grown to include 9 grandchildren, 15

great-grandchildren, and 10 great-great-grandchildren.
In 2016,

following the death of his wife, Harold moved to Orange County,

California to live with his daughter Pam.
Since relocating to Orange

County, he has been enjoying retirement, occasionally going dancing and

visiting Las Vegas.
Since then, he has discovered happiness in dancing and enjoying the

company of his family and friends.
Harold's relentless dedication to

his country and community is highlighted throughout his life, from his

2 years as commander of American Legion Post 91 and his 40 years of

dedication to the Funeral Escort, to his 20 years of cooking for stag

nights and his more than 30 years of bar management.
These experiences

show he is a leader who gives back to others.
I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing heartfelt

congratulations and honoring Harold Gomer's character, service, and

love for his community as we wish him a happy 100th birthday.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 175TH ANNIVERSARY OF CARTHAGE, TEXAS

HON.
NATHANIEL MORAN

Mr. MORAN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize the

175th anniversary of Carthage, Texas.
Carthage, a vibrant and historic city nestled in the heart of East

Texas, is celebrating its 175th anniversary on November 11, 2023.
This

remarkable milestone is a testament to the resilience, spirit, and rich

heritage that has shaped the community of Carthage over the years.
Since its founding in 1848, Carthage has grown from a humble

settlement to a thriving city that stands as a beacon of progress and

unity.
The city's commitment to fostering a strong sense of community

and preserving its unique heritage is truly commendable.
Carthage stands as a shining example of what can be achieved when a

community comes together with a shared vision and a commitment to

excellence.
I urge all of my colleagues to join me in recognizing and

celebrating the 175th anniversary of Carthage's founding.
Congratulations to Carthage on this momentous milestone.
May the next

175 years be filled with continued growth, prosperity, and community

pride.
Happy anniversary, Carthage.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LANSING BOARD OF WATER AND LIGHT

HON.
ELISSA SLOTKIN

Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I pay tribute to the

hardworking men and women of the Lansing Board of Water and Light, a

municipally-owned public utility in Michigan's 7th Congressional

District for their efforts to restore service following storms that

moved through Michigan on Thursday, August 24 and Friday, August 25,

2023.
In a matter of hours, six tornadoes swept across the state,

leaving a trail of devastation from west to east.
Five people died,

dozens of homes and businesses were destroyed, and hundreds of

thousands of Michiganders were left in the dark due to power outages.
Under these most pressing circumstances, more than 40 percent of

LBWL's customers were affected by the storm, including 612 unique power

outage locations, 835 downed wires, 47 broken poles, and 187

transformers knocked offline.
In the challenging days that followed the

storms, LBWL sent an unprecedented number of crews into the field,

calling in mutual aid from across Michigan and around the country.