I know

Ken will have the lasting memory of being a friendly face around town,

often riding his lawn mower through the neighborhood with a warm smile

and helping hand for whomever may need one.
We were lucky to have Ken as a member of our community.
He was a

beloved husband, father, and neighbor.
My heart goes out to his entire

family, his friends, and for anyone who knew him and grieving his loss.
Though he will be deeply missed, I am sure his legacy will live on for

years to come through his positive impacts on all our lives.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE SERVICE OF CONTRA COSTA TELEVISION

HON.
MARK DeSAULNIER

Mr. DeSAULNIER.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

the contributions of Contra Costa Television (CCTV) as we commemorate

Free Speech Week and Community Media Day.
Since its inception in 1994, CCTV has sought to provide community

members with critical information, helping to keep our community

connected and residents abreast of local issues.
CCTV provides coverage

of local government meetings, public safety information, local sports,

and other community events with the goal of making local journalism

accessible to all.
CCTV livestreams to their website and social media

platforms and provides twenty-four hour broadcasting, providing Contra

Costans with convenient access to breaking news, important community

updates, and more.
CCTV has continually shown its dedication to sharing

our community's stories and connecting Contra Costa residents.
CCTV has also partnered with the County Clerk-Recorder-Elections

Department and local chapters of the League of Women Voters to provide

voters with up-to-date reporting on candidates and ballot measures.
A

well-informed public is vital to any healthy democracy and I'm proud of

CCTV's contributions to provide locally-produced voter education

programming.
CCTV has received many accolades for its outstanding programing.
The

Veterans' Voices program received the Western Alliance Video Excellence

award in 2016 and 2018 and the California State Association of Counties

2015 Merit Award.
Please join me in honoring Contra Costa Television as we commemorate

Free Speech Week and Community Media Day.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE VIETNAM AND KOREAN WAR VETERANS OF ILLINOIS

HON.
MIKE QUIGLEY

Mr. QUIGLEY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the Vietnam and

Korean War veterans who traveled to Washington, D.C. on October 18,

2023, with Honor Flight Chicago, a program that provides WWII, Vietnam,

and Korean War veterans the opportunity to visit their memorials on The

National Mall in Washington, D.C. These memorials were built to honor

their courage and service to their country.
The American Veteran is one of our greatest treasures.
The Soldiers,

Airmen, Sailors, Marines, and Coast Guardsmen who traveled here on

October 18th answered our nation's call to service during one of its

greatest times of need.
From the Pacific Asian Theatre to the Korean

Theater, these brave Americans risked life and limb, gave service, and

sacrificed much, all while embodying what it is to be a hero.
We owe

them more gratitude than can ever be expressed.
I welcome these brave veterans to Washington and to their memorials.
I am proud to include in the Record the names of these men and women

for all to see, hear, and recognize, and I call on my colleagues to

rise and join me in expressing gratitude.
Mario R. Aliano, Sr.,