In fact, his son, Eric, was my siblings' best friend and my

third little brother.
Everywhere Andrew and Anthony went, Eric went

too.
They are best friends and truly brothers.
The Sewells are blessed

to have grown up with the Benns, and we remain good friends and family

for a lifetime.
Mr. Benn was an amazing journalist with a special talent for crafting

his words into storytelling.
He wrote the first article about my

scholarship to Princeton University and subsequently, wrote about every

major event in my life's journey, from joining the rowing crew at

Oxford to getting elected Alabama's First Black Congresswoman.
If

anything happened in Selma or the Black Belt, Mr. Benn knew about it

and reported on it.
Spanning a career of decades, Mr. Benn told the

history of Alabama's Black Belt--the events, the characters, and all

the happenings.
What a gift his writings will leave in the annuals of

Alabama's history.
His legacy will live on through the mini-stories and

all the lives that he touched.
Rest in peace and power.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy

of exemplary service to the State of Alabama.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DEMOCRATIC SOCIALISTS ARE INDOCTRINATING YOUNG AMERICANS WITH ANTI-

ISRAEL HATE IN MORAL MONSTROSITY

HON.
RITCHIE TORRES

Mr. TORRES of New York.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, Oct. 7th is a day

that will live in infamy as the most gruesome terrorist attack in the

history of the Jewish State.
Thousands of Israelis were murdered, raped, tortured, and abducted as

hostages.
Ten percent of the members of an Israeli kibbutz, Kfar Asar,

were massacred.
About 260 young Israelis partying at a music festival were gunned

down.
Babies were butchered, burned and beheaded.
The ONLY morally acceptable response to such incomprehensible terror

is overwhelming outrage at the boundless barbarism of Hamas.
While most of the civilized world, led by President Biden, rightly

recoiled in horror at Hamas and condemned its terrorism immediately and

unequivocally, Israel's ideological enemies here in the US found cause

for celebration at the sight of dead Jews.
Imagine, for a moment, the inconsolable grief of a Jewish mother

whose baby has been butchered to death.
Could you imagine anything more

callous and cruel than telling that grieving mother: You had it coming.
You and your people brought the terror upon yourselves.
Those were the shocking sentiments of the New York City-Democratic

Socialists of America (NYC-DSA), which wasted no time in holding a hate

rally romanticizing the terrorism of Hamas as ``resistance.''
The DSA was hardly alone in blaming the victims of terrorism rather

than the terrorists themselves.
Something is rotten in the state of America.
When the institutional

leaders in our country cannot condemn the cold-blooded murder of

Israeli children and civilians with moral clarity, one must ask: what

kind of society are we becoming?
What does the silence and indifference and cowardice--from these so-

called leaders--tell us about the depth of anti-Semitism in America and

the reckoning required?
The time has come to confront not only the symptoms but the disease:

a Democratic Socialist industrial complex that indoctrinates young

Americans with an anti-Israel hatred so virulent that it renders them

indifferent to the deadliest massacre of Jews since the Holocaust.
Anti-Israel extremism, which has been given a veneer of mainstream

respectability in law schools and legislatures, is aided and abetted by

the sheer spinelessness of so-called ``leaders''--from public officials

to the presidents of colleges and universities.
Days of silence were often followed by words of cowardice, if there

were any words at all.
Northwestern University, for example, said it had no plans to ``put

out a statement officially stating a University position.''
Imagine

that: a university that cannot be bothered to take a position on a

pogrom against Jews.
Have we learned nothing from the long and ugly

history of Anti-Semitism?