Title: CELEBRATING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALVIN BENN, LONGTIME MONTGOMERY ADVERTISER REPORTER; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
173

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE EXTRAORDINARY LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALVIN BENN, LONGTIME

MONTGOMERY ADVERTISER REPORTER

HON.
TERRI A. SEWELL

Ms. SEWELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor the

extraordinary life and legacy of a talented journalist, truth seeker,

and man of great integrity, former Montgomery Advertiser reporter Alvin

Stanley Benn, who passed away on October 10, 2023, at the age of 83.
Alvin Benn was born on April 25, 1940, in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
Upon graduating from Manheim Township High School in 1958, Alvin Benn

enlisted in the United States Marine Corps.
Throughout his six years of

service, Alvin Benn traveled the world after being stationed in Cherry

Point, North Carolina, and Okinawa, Japan.
While stationed in Japan, he

pursued his passion for journalism, working for the Armed Forces Radio

and Television Service.
He continued his education in the United States

at the Great Lakes Naval Training Center, completing military

journalism school.
In 1964, Alvin Benn began what would be a lifechanging career

chronicling the history of Alabama.
He made his mark on journalism as a

minted correspondent for the United Press International, covering the

sweeping Civil Rights Movement.
Interviewing the leading voices on each

side, such as Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Alabama Governor George

C. Wallace, his holistic approach to reporting exposed the true story

of the Civil Rights Movement, bringing the reality of the fight for

rights and liberties to homes nationwide.
For over two years, Alvin

Benn led the United Press International's Birmingham Bureau, taking on

multiple roles that supported the publication, including bureau chief,

writer, editor, photographer, and producer.
He contributed to

newspapers across the Southeast, including the Decatur Daily in

Decatur, Alabama from 1967 through 1974; the Natchez Democrat in

Natchez, Mississippi; the Selma Times Journal in Selma, Alabama; and

publications in Alexander City, Alabama; and Lafayette, Georgia, before

settling in Selma, where he lived for over 40 years.
During his time at the Natchez Democrat, Alvin Benn and the news

staff received a nomination for the prestigious Pulitzer Prize.
In

1980, he joined the Montgomery Advertiser, where he would spend over 20

years.
In his 50-plus-year career, Alvin Benn produced over three to

four stories per day before retiring in 2003.
Retirement did not curb

his desire to continue writing, nor did it decrease his readership.
``Al Benn's Alabama'' continued to be a widely read column in the

Montgomery Advertiser and served as the cherry on top of Alvin Benn's

storied contributions to journalism.
From interviewing United States

presidents to writing a book titled ``Reporter: Covering the Civil

Rights . . . .
And Wrongs in Dixie,'' Alvin Benn is an Alabama gem

whose

dedication to ``journalistic integrity'' continued to inspire us all.
Alvin Benn is the recipient of many awards and recognitions,

including the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Alabama Press

Association, the Communications Award from the Alabama Farmers

Association, and the Distinguished Alabama Community Journalist award

from the Auburn University Department of Journalism.
Alvin Benn was a proud member of the Mishkan Israel Congregation in

our hometown of Selma, Alabama, and the Temple Beth Or in Montgomery,

Alabama.
Alvin Benn is preceded in death by his wife of almost 60 years,

Sharon Ann Boumel Benn.
He is survived by their two children, Danielle

Waters and Eric Benn; four grandchildren, Benjamin Waters, Scott

Waters, Alexandria Benn, and Ilan Benn; son-in-law, Curtis Waters and

daughter-in-law, Maria Benn; and a host of family and friends.
On a personal note, I grew up right down the street from the Benn

family.
In fact, his son, Eric, was my siblings' best friend and my

third little brother.
Everywhere Andrew and Anthony went, Eric went

too.
They are best friends and truly brothers.