Northwestern University, for example, said it had no plans to ``put

out a statement officially stating a University position.''
Imagine

that: a university that cannot be bothered to take a position on a

pogrom against Jews.
Have we learned nothing from the long and ugly

history of Anti-Semitism?
There is nothing accidental about the disregard for Israeli life that

revealed itself in the wake of Oct. 7.
The dehumanization of Israeli

victims follows inevitably from the hyperbolic and systematic

demonization of Israel itself.
Anti-Israel hate and hysteria have been allowed to fester freely in

academia, social media, the political arena, and elsewhere.
It has been

propagated by Astroturf activists and academics, amplified by their

enablers in elected office, and subsidized by government and civil

society.
When people are made to believe the most dangerous lies about

Israel--that Israel is the root of all evil on earth; that it is a

``75-year occupation'' that must be wiped off the map from the ``river

to the sea''; that Israelis are not civilians but settlers who can be

fairly targeted for ``resistance''; that Israelis are committing

genocide and ethnic cleansing against the Palestinians and harvesting

their organs and using the blood of their children; that Israel is

always the aggressor and Hamas always the resister: when you tell so

many lies and incite so much hate, what do you think will happen?
How do you think the believers internalizing these lies will respond

to the savage slaughter of Israelis?
This is a moral monstrosity made

in America, and one that America must unmake.
The anti-Israel hate increasingly possessing the American mind is a

demon that must be exorcised from our body politic.
For America cannot

long remain a decent society if the next generation of Americans are

made to be indifferent to the barbaric butchering of Israeli civilians

and children.
I, for one, stand with Israel as it seeks to defend itself.
Despite

the profound pain of the present, Israel will emerge from it all better

and stronger than ever before.
It will outlive the pernicious lies and the dangerous demagogues who

tell them.
It will outlive the extremism of the DSA and BDS.
It will

outlive the terrorism of Iran and its proxies, Hamas and Hezbollah.
Israel will live on--for the next 75 years and beyond.
Resilience is

the DNA and destiny of the Jewish people and the Jewish State.
It

always has been and always will be.
I am as certain of that as I am of

anything.
The Jewish Nation lives on (Am Yisrael Chai).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING HAROLD L. GOMER FOR HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize and

celebrate a remarkable milestone: the 100th birthday of Harold L.

Gomer, a Navy Veteran who embodies dedication, service, and love.
At the age of 7, Harold's father passed away and his mother and 5

siblings relocated to Austin, Minnesota.
Harold would spend the next 86

years of his life in this new city and would grow to become an example

to many.
Education played a significant role in shaping Harold's character--he

graduated from Austin High School, where he participated in wrestling

and Golden Glove Boxing.
He excelled in his extracurriculars and

eventually became a District Flyweight Champion, showcasing both his

talent and tenacity.
On November 6, 1942, Harold bravely answered the call to serve his

country.
He left his job to join the United States Navy, where he

served as Coxswain aboard the USS Ammen in the Pacific theater for 3

years.
His unwavering dedication and service enabled him to serve on

the USS Logic Minesweeper for an additional year before being honorably

discharged.
Once returning to Austin, he resumed his employment at Hormel Meats,

where he spent the following 40 years exhibiting dedication to his work

and his community.