Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I ask my colleagues to join me in

celebrating Tom Skilling and his decades of service to the Chicagoland

community and offer him our most sincere best wishes on the next

chapter of his life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE PROMOTING REDUCTION OF EMISSIONS THROUGH

LANDSCAPING EQUIPMENT ACT

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to introduce the

Promoting Reduction of Emissions through Landscaping Equipment Act.
This crucial legislation provides businesses with a significant tool as

they transition toward a more sustainable and consumer-friendly future.
This essential and forward-thinking piece of legislation provides a

40 percent credit on the purchase of zero-emission equipment, such as

mowers, leaf blowers, hedgers, and accessories, up to $25,000 every

year and up to $100,000 over the course of 10 consecutive years.
The

tax credit, which applies to any equipment purchased on or after

January 1, 2023, also extends to retrofitting equipment that transforms

gas-powered devices to zero-emission.
These credits cover batteries,

generators, retrofitting equipment, and other necessary accessories.
Currently, there are over 300 restrictions on the use of gas-powered

lawn equipment across the country, as more localities recognize the

need to transition to quieter, less polluting equipment.
The bill will

assist local businesses as they adapt to local ordinances and consumer

demand for better, cleaner, and quieter equipment while reducing their

costs over time through lower maintenance expenses and reduced reliance

on fossil fuels.
Moreover, the bill is compatible with local and state

voucher and rebate programs for zero-emission equipment like the

programs in my home State of California.
Current gas-powered equipment emits pollutants, including nitrogen

oxides (NO<inf>X</inf>), carbon dioxide (CO<inf>2</inf>), reactive

organic gases (ROG), and particulate matter that negatively impact the

climate, air quality, ecosystems, and are potentially harmful to human

health, especially for the workers who operate the equipment.
These

appliances generate significant noise pollution that can damage human

hearing, disturb wildlife, and interfere with life and work.
Replacing

gas-powered equipment with zero-emission equipment would improve air

quality, reduce noise pollution, and protect operators of the equipment

from hearing loss and other potentially negative health effects.
I am also very proud to share that this legislation has garnered

widespread support from numerous national, state, and regional

organizations, including industry, environmental, and health-focused

groups.
The National Association of Landscape Professionals, American

Lung Association, Environmental Defense Fund, Earthjustice, the Asthma

and Allergy Foundation of America, Sierra Club, American Green Zone

Alliance, California Landscape Contractors Association, California

Alliance for Golf, California Golf Course Owners Association, Golf

Course Superintendents Association of Northern California, Golf Course

Superintendents Association of Southern California, Golf Course

Superintendents Association of America, and AmericanHort, California

Landscape Contractors Association, California Alliance for Golf,

California Golf Course Owners Association, Golf Course Superintendents

Association of Northern California, Golf Course Superintendents

Association of Southern California, Colorado Nursery & Greenhouse

Association, Florida Nursery, Growers & Landscape Association, Georgia

Urban Ag Council, Georgia Green Industry Association, Idaho Nursery and

Landscape Association, Illinois Landscape Contractors Association,

Kansas Nursery and Landscape Association, Louisiana Nursery and

Landscape Association, Maine Landscape and Nursery Association,

Maryland Nursery, Landscape, and Greenhouse Association, Massachusetts

Nursery and Landscape Association, Inc., Michigan Green Industry

Association, Michigan Nursery and Landscape Association, Montana

Nursery & Landscape Association, New Jersey Landscape Contractors

Association, New Jersey Nursery & Landscape Association, New York State

Nursery and Landscape Association, NorCal Sports Field Management

Association, Ohio Green Industry Association, Oregon Association of

Nurseries, Pennsylvania Landscape & Nursery Association, Virginia

Nursery & Landscape Association, Washington Association of Landscape

Professionals, Washington State Nursery & Landscape Association, West

Virginia Nursery & Landscape Association, Wisconsin Landscape

Contractors Association.
These endorsements underscore the importance

and benefit of this bill in advancing the transition to sustainable

equipment.
This bill isn't just about supporting the growth of our landscaping

businesses; it exemplifies our commitment to a smooth, realistic

transition towards more sustainable, consumer-friendly, and

environmentally-responsible business practices.