Regardless of what the Chancellor announces today, we are in the highest tax-raising Parliament in history, which is a consequence of the Minister’s Government’s failure over 14 years.
Ordinary hard-working Scots did not cause this economic crisis—the Government did—but they are being made to pay for it.
There have been 25 Tory tax rises since the last election, and the average family is much worse off as a result.
Does the Minister agree with the Institute for Fiscal Studies that even after today’s
Budget the overall tax burden on working people will still reach record levels?
Clearly, I will not speculate on what the Chancellor will announce shortly.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that 2.4 million workers in Scotland have benefited from £340 going back into their pockets thanks to the changes to national insurance that have already been announced.
In relation to the hon.
Member’s wider points about the tax burden, we should not forget the huge interventions that the Government made to support workers, families, communities and businesses during the pandemic.
As a consequence, we are having to repay that, but that saved jobs and many businesses from going under during the covid pandemic.
Regardless of what the Chancellor says today, working people will still be paying a much higher tax burden at the end of this Parliament, and it will reach record levels.
Shockingly, the tax burden in Scotland is even higher.
Anyone in Scotland earning more than £29,000 a year will pay more income tax after the SNP voted for yet another tax rise on working people.
That means we are in the absurd position in Scotland of the SNP raising taxes on nurses and teachers while opposing Labour’s plan for an extended windfall tax on the oil and gas giants.
We even hear that the leader of the Scottish Conservatives threatened to resign last night on potentially another U-turn from the Chancellor on the windfall tax.
Does the Minister accept that the best thing to happen now would be for this circus to be brought for an end and for the Prime Minister to call the election?
As I said, I will not speculate on the contents of the Budget.
But when the election comes, Scotland’s voters will have a clear choice: a party who will stand up for Scotland’s place in a strong United Kingdom, or the Scottish National party, who wants another referendum.
I am unclear what the Labour party has to offer.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on farm-gate prices for farmers and crofters in Scotland.
We want all farmers to get a fair price for their products.
The Government have committed to tackling contractual unfairness in the agrifood supply chain.
We will use the powers in the Agriculture Act 2020 whenever necessary.
At the National Farmers Union conference, the Prime Minister announced that the UK Farm to Fork summit will be an annual event.
That will help to strengthen joint working by Government and external partners to support a prosperous agrifood sector.