Putin has put the Russian economy on a total war footing.
He has increased military spending by 68% to 7.5% of GDP.
He claimed this month that over 520,000 new jobs have been created in the arms industry, which now employs an estimated 3.5 million Russians.
On my recent visits to Ukraine I have met Government Ministers and senior military figures who have expressed great frustration to me about the length of time it is taking to develop collaboration in building a defence manufacturing capability jointly with UK  defence companies in Ukraine.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can unblock the bureaucracy and, as our Ukrainian friends say, “build the arsenal of the free world together”?
I reassure my hon.
Friend that we remain steadfast in our support for Ukraine and we will not allow Putin to achieve his aim of eradicating Ukrainian freedom and democracy.
Our cross-Government taskforce is working diligently to support the armed forces of Ukraine and lead UK and Ukrainian defence industrial co-operation.
I am pleased to say that in December last year, we conducted our first successful trade mission to Ukraine, alongside the UK defence industry.
The Government and UK industry will continue to work hand in glove with our Ukrainian allies, seizing the opportunity for collaboration and bolstering our joint defence industries.
Last week, the Institute for Public Policy Research published a paper, “State of the North 2024”.
That paper predicted that wealth inequalities, already too large between the north and the south-east, would increase to nearly £250,000 per head by the end of this decade.
Does the Prime Minister accept that his levelling-up agenda has failed—or did he never want it to succeed?
On the contrary, inequality in our country has actually declined under this Conservative Government.
When it comes to levelling up in the north, the north has received some of the highest amounts of per capita levelling-up funding of any region in the country.
After the hon.
Gentleman last popped up to ask me a question about our investment in the north, did he manage to get an answer about what exactly is the Labour party’s position on HS2?
I would still like to know, because we are taking that money and reinvesting every penny of it across the north in forms of transportation that people use every day, delivering benefits to communities more quickly, not just in his constituency but across the entire north.
That has been warmly welcomed everywhere that I have been.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the performance of the Labour party in voting down our Rwanda Bill in the House of Lords was a disgrace?
It is only the Conservative Government and the Conservatives who have a plan for dealing with illegal immigration and the people smugglers.
Action on illegal immigration is a top priority in my constituency, and Labour has no policy or plan on this at all.
My right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
He knows, as I know, that if we want fully to stop the boats, we need to have a working deterrent, so if someone comes here illegally, we must be able to remove them to a safe third country alternative.
That is why the Rwanda scheme is so important, and why we are determined to see it through.
Just in the past week, an independent report was published that talked about the Labour party’s policies in this area.
It made it crystal clear that Labour does not have a plan to stop the boats.
In fact, its idea would see the UK accept hundreds of thousands more migrants.
Which part of his economic legacy is the Prime Minister most proud of?
Is it presiding over the highest tax burden since the second world war, or is it delivering the slowest real wage growth since the Napoleonic war?
Saving 10 million jobs in the pandemic with the furlough scheme.