The Minister knows that successive Energy Ministers have hugely helped the development of the marine energy sector in Scotland, as elsewhere in the United Kingdom.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that there is an opportunity in the next round of the renewables auction to allow for wave technologies alongside tidal  stream technologies?
Will he encourage the Scottish Government to speed up approvals of sites to get great green energy projects started as soon as possible in Scotland, as elsewhere?
I am grateful for that important question.
The Government are undertaking analysis of the technology pipeline available for contracts for difference auction round 6 against our legal obligation to ensure that the auction round is competitive.
We are considering the appropriate parameters for all technologies, including tidal stream and wave energy.
The final parameters will be published in the budget notice this month, ahead of the auction round opening.
The Seastar tidal farm off the coast of Orkney is set to be the largest tidal energy farm anywhere in the world, and it was supported by EU funding through the European Marine Energy Centre.
This comes after Edinburgh University’s report found that the UK Government could save hundreds of millions of pounds by bringing forward the development of tidal by years, if it worked more closely with its EU partners.
It is clear that the EU’s role in this in Europe and around Scotland is very important, so if Scotland is better together with anyone, is it not better together with the EU and its investment in tidal?
What a load of nonsense.
Scotland is much better served by being part of the United Kingdom, and we will continue to support all renewable energy sectors, including tidal.
Whether he has had recent discussions with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Scottish Government on waiting times for cross-border NHS provision.
The Government recognise the invaluable job that all NHS workers do; I see that every day of the week in my constituency in the Scottish Borders.
That is why the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has written to the Scottish Government about working together to reduce patient waiting times.
We continue to be open to exploring that further.
I have a lady constituent who suffers from a rare and dangerous condition called subglottic stenosis.
Only one clinic has the expertise to treat the condition, and it is in London, yet our local health board is refusing to refer her.
It says that it can offer another treatment, but it is thought to be less safe and possibly not very effective.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that patients, regardless of which side of the border they live on, get the best possible treatment?
I am regularly reminded, particularly as an MP for the Borders, of the need for healthcare to benefit people on either side of the border, particularly through cross-border working with the NHS.
Local people in the Borders often get treatment faster and more easily because of that.
Sadly, the hon.
Member has highlighted a real problem with Scotland’s NHS,  thanks to the mismanagement by the SNP Government in Edinburgh, particularly in rural health services.
He has identified a very distressing case for his constituent and I am very happy to write to the Scottish Government, along with him, to raise the case with them.
What steps he is taking to promote Scotland’s food exports.
Scotland Office Ministers have banged the drum tirelessly to promote the Scottish food and drink industry overseas, including on trade missions in Europe, India, the United States of America and Vietnam.
In Vietnam, sales of Scotch whisky have increased fourfold and are still growing.
I was delighted to discuss what more can be done to improve trade links and market access with the Vietnamese Government during my recent visit.
Scotland’s farming and fish sector produces some of the finest produce in the world.
Will the Secretary of State do all he can to promote the sale of Scottish smoked salmon abroad as a premium product known the world over?
I think I heard “smoked salmon”, but this is not just about smoked salmon.
The most recent figures show that Scotland’s world-leading food and drink sector accounted for 29% of all UK food and drink exports.
To help the sector to continue to flourish, the Government have secured trade agreements with 71 non-EU countries and the EU.
Total UK trade with those partners is worth £808 billion.