The Prime Minister will know that there is consensus across this House on the need to build new houses.
Where that consensus breaks down is where those houses should be built.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that, wherever possible, new houses should be built on brownfield sites, not on green spaces, not on green fields, and certainly not on prime farmland?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: sustainable planning must be at the heart of our planning system.
That is why we are committed to meeting the needs of communities by building homes in the right places and, as he says, making best use of brownfield land.
We have made it clear that that is what the priority should be and we have put extra funding aside to unlock those sites.
Our recent changes to the national planning policy framework provide clearer protection for the green belt, making it clear how future housing supply should be assessed.
That is the clear difference between our two parties: the Conservatives will protect the green belt and Labour will concrete all over it.
In some jurisdictions, Ministers routinely publish their tax returns.
The Prime Minister voluntarily published his UK tax return last year.
Does he agree that Ministers of the Crown should publish their tax returns as a matter of course, and has he ever filed any returns in the USA that have not been published?
I do not think that would be proportionate or appropriate.
[Hon.
Members: “Oh!”]
No, I do not think it would be proportionate for all Ministers to publish their tax returns.
In keeping with long-standing tradition, I voluntarily published my tax returns, as did the Chancellor.
That is the right balance and I have been completely transparent about that as I have done it.
Last year, a number of us were on the first transatlantic flight powered by sustainable aviation fuel.
This week, the International Airlines Group made its first major purchase of that fuel, but that fuel is coming from the United States and it is important that we have a SAF industry in this country.
Will the Prime Minister tell the Treasury and the Department for Transport to accelerate the work that they are doing to put in place the right framework and the right support mechanisms to ensure that we have a SAF industry for our aviation sector for the future?