The Prime Minister knows that not to be the case.
But there is a serious point to be made here: the Conservative party wants to use Scotland’s natural resources to pay for tax cuts in England, and the Labour party wants to use Scotland’s natural resources to pay for nuclear power stations in England—the cost of that is up to 100,000 jobs.
Scotland’s wealth, resources and jobs are all a game to Westminster.
With the Tories on just 15% in the polls in Scotland now, will the Prime Minister do us all a favour and call a general election?
The hon.
Gentleman claims to be supportive of the North sea energy industry, but why has he opposed all the measures that we have taken to protect those jobs in Scotland over the past couple of years?
He talks about tax in Scotland and England.
I gently point out to him that, thanks to the actions of the Chancellor and this UK Government, everyone in Scotland has received a significant tax cut from January this year.
In contrast to the Chancellor’s last Budget, the SNP’s budget put taxes up for working Scots.
Scotland is now the high-tax capital of the UK, but this Conservative Government are going to keep cutting taxes for hard-working Scots.
The Government are rightly acting to compensate properly the Horizon victims who were highlighted by Alan Bates’s legal challenge.
However, there are thousands  more sub-postmasters across the country who were not prosecuted but faced financial penalties for bogus shortfalls, causing them enormous financial and personal distress.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we should now be doing everything possible to do right by all the victims of a gross miscarriage of justice, clear their names and, at last, properly financial compensate them?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the appalling impact that this miscarriage of justice has had on people’s mental health.
As he acknowledged, our focus is on delivering justice for the postmasters, and that is why we will introduce legislation to overturn convictions and pave the way for the swift payment of compensation.
I thank him for his long-standing campaign on mental health on this issue, and I assure him that the postal Minister is closely examining the issues he raises, is considering next steps and will keep my right hon.
Friend closely informed.