The Minister should be aware that his colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs have recently concluded a consultation on contractual relationships in the fresh produce industry.
At a time when 23% of dairy farmers doubt that they will continue in business into 2025, will he impress on his colleagues in DEFRA and the Department for Business and Trade that urgent action is needed in relation to that consultation?
As the son of a Borders farmer, I completely understand the invaluable work that farmers and crofters do to put food on tables across Scotland and the United Kingdom.
This Government will continue to support the agriculture and food production sector.
Scotland Office Ministers regularly attend the inter-ministerial group for environment, food and rural affairs, along with representatives from the devolved Administrations.
This group oversees how changes to price, supply and trade affect our markets.
We will continue to take whatever action is necessary support that important sector.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications of allegations of impropriety in public life for his Department's work on strengthening the Union.
Our Union is strong.
[Interruption.]
Yes, it is.
Scotland’s contribution to our United Kingdom is beyond doubt, and this Government’s commitment to Scotland is without question.
From freeports and investment zones to the record block grant and £1.5 billion for the 12 city and region growth deals, we deliver for Scotland.
SNP MPs have been disengaged from Westminster for years.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is a disgrace that its deputy leader has said that its MPs will not engage should the party win seats at the next general election?
Does he also agree that Members elected to this House should turn up and do their job?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
Three years ago, on  16 March 2021 , we had a debate in this House on precisely the subject of this question.
At the time, I was concerned that Nicola Sturgeon’s Government were covering up interference in the complaints process against the First Minister.
Since then, in defiance of the Information Commissioner and of a court order, they have continued to cover up.
Will the Cabinet Secretary look at whether the ministerial code and the civil service code have been broken?
My right hon.
Friend should write to the Cabinet Secretary and ask him to do that very thing.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the adequacy of support for the marine energy sector in Scotland.
The Government are firmly committed to supporting Scotland’s marine energy sector to grow.
Around 80% of tidal stream contracts awarded through contracts for difference in the last two rounds will be deployed in Scotland.
In addition, Horizon Europe selected two Scottish-based UK tidal stream developers to deliver projects in Orkney.
They will lead construction on two £17 million projects, funded by the UK Government’s financial guarantee.