The Prime Minister mentions vetting
and I just want to press him on that, because serious failures in police vetting were raised in independent reports as long ago as 2012, 2019, 2022 and 2023.
That is why Labour has been arguing for mandatory national vetting standards that would stop anybody with a history of domestic abuse or sexual offending being allowed to join the police in the first place.
Why are mandatory national vetting standards not already in place?
It is vital for public confidence that those who are not fit to wear the badge are rooted out of the police and not able to join in the first place.
That is why the College of Policing updated its statutory code on vetting, and that happened quickly.
In addition, the policing inspectorate carried out a rapid inspection of all forces’ progress against the previous findings and, in addition to that, an entire check against the national police database was carried out for all serving officers and staff.
I am obviously very familiar with codes in criminal justice systems, but—[Interruption.]
This is too serious for that.
There is a world of difference between a code and binding mandatory standards which do not have legal effect, and that should trouble Members across the House.
Couzens’ history of sexual offending stretched back many years.
On four occasions, despite allegations of indecent exposure, he was not sacked.
We know that indecent exposure is a gateway to more horrific crimes, as was tragically shown to be the case not only in Sarah Everard’s case but in that of Libby Squire, but it is not treated with the seriousness required.
The Angiolini report recommends reviewing all indecent exposure allegations against serving officers in order to identify, investigate and remove those officers from service.
Given the obvious urgency of this recommendation, can the Prime Minister give a categorical assurance that it will be implemented immediately?
The Home Secretary addressed this specifically when he made his statement.
Indecent exposure, just like any other kind of sexually motivated crime, is abhorrent and we expect police chiefs to take it extremely seriously.
We fully expect police chiefs to suspend an officer charged with any kind of sexually motivated crime.
It is worth pointing out that, in addition to the new powers that the Home Secretary outlined about automatic suspension, chief constables have existing powers to suspend any officer in their force when allegations are made, and we fully expect them to use those powers.
I do think the recommendation that I referred to should be implemented urgently
and I ask the Prime Minister to look again at that, because every day that goes past when it is not implemented carries risk for victims in these cases.
Sarah Everard’s murder should have been a watershed moment for policing reform, for the criminal justice system and for violence against women and girls, but the sad reality is that victims of rape who have the courage and bravery to come forward have just a 2.4% chance of their perpetrator being caught and charged within the year.
How does the Prime Minister expect women to have confidence in the criminal justice system when almost all rapists do not see the inside of a courtroom?
As we acknowledged a couple of years ago, of course we need to do more to improve rape outcomes in the criminal justice system, and the rape review action plan is showing considerable progress.
We have already increased the average sentence for rape by a third since Labour was last in office—by the way, using a power that the Labour party voted against in this House.
Thanks to our action plan, we have seen police referrals double and charges double, and last  year there was a 50% increase in rape convictions—and now rapists will serve every single day of their sentence behind bars.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman raises his time at the Crown Prosecution Service, but he has not acknowledged that, under his tenure, rape convictions actually dropped.