Order.
Mr Cunningham, sit down!
Some of Scotland’s food export companies have been prevented from trading with Northern Ireland.
The InterTrade UK body has been set up as a result of discussions that have taken place.
What are the Minister and his Department doing to ensure that the companies that have stopped trading with Northern Ireland are encouraged to start doing so again?
In the UK Command Paper, we said that we are setting up the East-West Council, which will work to bring about the solutions.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of the UK’s departure from the EU on Scotland.
The UK Government are working tirelessly to maximise opportunities following our departure from the European Union.
Scotland continues to punch above its weight, both in exports of goods and services and in foreign direct investment, and I am delighted to be able to say that trade is now well above pre-Brexit levels.
Scotland has been hammered by Westminster’s imposition of a hard Brexit, with the Scottish salmon industry alone suffering an additional £12 million of Brexit red tape costs.
Across every sector of Scotland’s economy, Brexit has added red tape costs, limited access to vital workers and limited markets.
Is the Secretary of State proud of his legacy, which includes a deliberate and avoidable undermining of Scotland’s economy?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, our departure from the EU has allowed us to forge new relationships.
Consequently, Scotland’s exports are performing well—they are up by 13%.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the completion of fisheries negotiations with the Faroe Islands, which have resulted in 2,200 tonnes of fishing quota, mostly for the Scottish fleet?
Does he agree that since the UK became an independent coastal state, the Scottish fleet and those who negotiate on its behalf, including SNP Scottish Government Ministers and their officials, have a far stronger voice in these annual negotiations than if the SNP had its way and we went back into the EU common fisheries policy?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the fishing industry, and I completely agree with him.
We now come to Prime Minister’s questions.
We are joined today in the Gallery by the Speaker of the Supreme Council of the Kyrgyz Republic.