The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 March.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, including listening to the Chancellor’s Budget statement, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The UK used to be a world leader in psilocybin research but, despite the calls of the Home Affairs Committee, leading researchers, charities, veterans’ organisations and the Royal College of Psychiatrists, we have shamefully fallen behind on breakthrough treatments for conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder and depression, causing misery to millions of people in our country.
Can the Prime Minister explain why this policy remains the responsibility of a Home Office that cannot give it the attention it deserves, and why it is okay that American, Canadian and Australian patients can access treatment that British patients cannot?
I completely sympathise and understand why people suffering from distressing conditions will want to seek the best possible treatment available, and I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the issue.
We are committed to ensuring that the UK is a world-leading  jurisdiction for pharmaceutical, clinical and other medical research, and we have asked the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs to review barriers to legitimate medical research involving controlled drugs such as psilocybin.
I am pleased to tell the hon.
Lady that our response to the council’s recommendations will be published as soon as possible.
My constituency has a long and proud history of farming, with generations of the same families helping to feed our nation.
Not since world war two have we been so aware of how important food security is to our national security, so will the Prime Minister update the House on what his Government are doing to support our fantastic farmers?
As I set out at the NFU conference just a couple of weeks ago, we will always back British farmers for continuing to produce fantastic food.
We are accelerating that plan, with the largest package of grants ever.
Indeed, one of the new schemes opens just today, supporting farmers with up to £125,000 towards the purchase of new equipment and technology.
Our schemes in England are all about more choice, not less.
Unlike Labour in Wales, we will never introduce top-down, arbitrary targets that damage farm incomes, damage our food security and take farmers back to square one.