The Prime Minister knows that is going to be fact checked.
He also knows that I support tough sentences.
I really think that victims of violence against women and girls deserve better than this nonsense from the Prime Minister.
It needs to be taken seriously.
It is not a game.
We all want more victims to come forward, but we have to be honest that, unless things change, the criminal justice system will continue to fail them.
That is why we are committed to introducing specialist rape and sexual offences teams in every force to give victims specialist support and confidence that their experience will be investigated properly.
When will the Prime Minister commit to doing the same?
We have already implemented the rape review action plan.
The Leader of the Opposition says that we need to take this seriously, and here are the things that we have done: we have ended the appalling digital strip search of victims’ mobile phones; we have ensured that there is better use of pre-recorded cross examination; we have rolled out Operation Soteria, with incredible success, across all the nation’s police forces; we have significantly increased the number of independent sexual and domestic violence and abuse advisers to up to 1,000; and there is more specialist training in all police forces for these prosecutions.
That is the plan we have already put in place, and it is a plan that is working to ensure that we keep the women and girls of this country safe.
The problem is that the rosy picture the Prime Minister tries to paint of the current criminal justice system is completely at odds with the confidence that many women currently have in it.
With the publication of the Angiolini report, the country deserves to know that we are doing all we can to make our country safe for women.
That starts with what should be the most basic task: creating a safe workplace here in Westminster.
At the moment, as everyone in this House knows, we are failing in that endeavour, and we all have a duty to change that.
When will the Prime Minister make time for the vote on banning from Parliament those MPs who face allegations of sex offences?
It is absolutely right that we ensure our communities are safe for women and girls, which is why we passed the landmark Domestic Abuse Act 2021, why we set up a new 24/7 victim support line, why we quadrupled funding for victim support and why we are investing in practical things like CCTV and better streetlighting for safer communities up and down the country.
Of course, there is always more we can do, but this Government have a strong track record on ensuring that women across this country feel safe.
I want the Prime Minister to know that the people of Romford are struggling with ever-increasing energy prices, yet providers are making huge profits that run into the  hundreds of millions.
Does he agree that reductions in wholesale prices should be passed on to consumers and that standing charges should be brought down?
Will the Government hold utility companies to account for their actions?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the challenge that high energy bills have posed not just to his constituents in Romford but to constituents across the country.
That is why we stepped in with a significant package of support that paid around half of a typical household energy bill when prices were at their highest.
I know my hon.
Friend will join me in welcoming the fact that the energy price cap is set to fall by almost £250 in April, which will bring relief to many families, but we must hold companies to account.
That is why we introduced the energy profits levy on the windfall profits caused by an unexpected increase in energy prices.
We are going further to cut people’s costs by cutting their taxes and putting more money into their family bank accounts.