It started so well, and I agree with the Secretary of State about the Calcutta cup—I was there to witness an historic occasion—and about the World Athletics Indoor Championships in Glasgow.
I played rugby with Jemma Reekie’s cousin for many years, and I send my congratulations to them.
However, everything from that point on, from both sides of the House, has been absolute nonsense.
At a time when many Scots are struggling to pay their energy or shopping bills due to the rapid inflation that the Secretary of State’s Government have presided over, and with inflation in the public sector running even higher, his Government have cut the Scottish Government’s funding in real terms again.
Commons Library research shows that the Scottish block grant will be at its lowest level of UK Government spending since the start of devolution.
As the Secretary of State counts down the weeks to his departure, is he proud of his legacy?
That is an easy one to answer, Mr Speaker, as I am very proud of my legacy.
Rather like winning four Calcutta cups, I have won in court with the Scottish Government four times, and there are any number of things I would like to list for my legacy.
Importantly, the Scottish Government receive a record block of £41 billion, and record Barnett consequentials on top of that.
Spending in Scotland is 25% higher per person than the UK average, so that equates to an extra £8.5 billion.
I had no idea we should all just be very grateful for the largesse of the Secretary of State, but does that largesse extend to capital funding?
Capital funding to the Scottish Parliament has not just been cut, but slashed by 10% on his watch.
That money could have been used to invest in hospitals, schools and infrastructure, and it is about to be frittered away by the Chancellor on a sickening pre-election bribe that precisely no one will buy.
Will he finally accept that it is his Government’s “bust or bust” austerity that is driving public services to the edge, and does he support tax cuts at a time when even Tory voters know that increased public investment is required?
This is nonsense.
Austerity is not a thing under this Government—not a thing at all.
[Laughter.]
No, absolutely not.
Departmental spending—this is the point that the SNP does not acknowledge—throughout this Parliament has grown by 3.2% on average.
That is the simple truth.
What discussions he has had with (a) the Scottish Government and (b) Cabinet colleagues on the Scottish Government’s international relations policy.
I have had frequent and recent discussions with the Foreign Secretary on the Scottish Government’s international relations policy.
Foreign affairs are reserved to the United Kingdom Government.
We have been clear to the Scottish Government that they must respect that.
First, may I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s comments about the Scottish victory in the Calcutta cup?
Does the right hon.
Gentleman share my concern that these recent forays into international relations by the SNP are not only inappropriate, because it is a reserved matter, but potentially damaging, both to important relationships between Scotland’s two Governments and, critically, to UK foreign policy at a time when international tensions are at a height we have not seen since the cold war?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
It is important that the United Kingdom Government speak with one voice and the United Kingdom is seen to speak with one voice on foreign affairs.
I note that Angus Robertson has produced another independence document this week on foreign affairs and defence, and there is a lot of nonsense in there.
The Scottish Government want to join the NATO nuclear alliance, but they want to get rid of the nuclear deterrent.
They want to join the EU, but not the euro.
They want to have a Scottish spy agency—some are referring to it as the sleekit service, with agents heading across Europe in their bulletproof motorhomes.
It is all nonsense, and a complete waste of taxpayers’ money.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on promoting trade between Scotland and Northern Ireland.
I am pleased to say that I have had discussions with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland about maximising trade links, now that the Northern Ireland Executive have been restored.
What is more, the UK Government have committed to establishing the East-West Council, which will identify opportunities for deepening connections between Northern Ireland and the rest of the United Kingdom, including the scope for extending the Northern Ireland investment zone benefits to Stranraer and Cairnryan.
Will the Minister ensure that business bodies in Scotland are fully aware of, for example, the new Intertrade UK body so that business can prosper between Northern Ireland and Scotland?
Importantly, will he ensure that people can see the improvement in business trade flows between Scotland and Northern Ireland in six months’ time, as compared with six months ago?
As set out in the Command Paper, the UK Government are working to establish Intertrade UK, which will fulfil our pledge to grow the economy by ensuring that businesses large and small can make the most of the east-west trading opportunities.
Implementing the Windsor framework and the Command Paper are the Government’s priorities, and we will provide an update in close time.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Scotland.
We prioritised bringing inflation down, which is the key to reducing cost of living pressures.
We delivered on the Prime Minister’s promise by more than halving it.
In addition, the UK Government supported households with a package worth £104 billion—or, on average, £3,700 per household across the United Kingdom, including in Scotland.
Families in my homeland are reeling from the cost of living crisis, as both the Tory UK Government and the SNP Scottish Government have jointly loaded them with the highest tax burden in 70 years.
Does the Minister agree that it is time both Governments stopped going round in circles, left the dance and cleared the floor for Labour Governments to sort out their sorry mess?
I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman’s conclusions.
Thanks to this Government, 2.4 million workers in Scotland benefited from £340 back in their pockets thanks to the national insurance cuts in January.
However, I do agree with him in not agreeing with the SNP Government’s approach to tax, making Scotland the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom.
Scottish rail fares are set to rise by 8.7% next month.
This eye-watering fare hike will hit Scots hard during a cost of living crisis and push Scotland’s rail service into a spiral of decline.
Does the Minister agree that we need affordable fares to help people through the cost of living crisis and encourage more people to travel by train?
I certainly agree that we should do all we can to encourage people to travel by train.
The Scottish Government’s approach to ScotRail might discourage that.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss that further.
Recent findings from the Trussell Trust have revealed that 32% of people claiming universal credit in Scotland have fallen into debt because they could not pay essential bills.
Does the Minister agree that the people of Scotland and the people of Britain should not be made to pay for SNP and Tory failures?
In 2021-22, there were 1.7 million fewer people in absolute poverty after housing costs than there were in 2009-10, including 400,000 fewer children.
This Government are certainly taking lots of action to address poverty, and particularly in-work poverty.
But I agree that making Scotland the highest-taxed part of the UK does not help with that.
Does the Minister agree that putting up taxes as the SNP is doing at present will do nothing to help with the cost of living?
Does he further agree that if it continues on that trajectory, more and more Scots will want to leave and come to places such as Carlisle, where of course they will be very welcome?
Due to the SNP’s tax rises in Scotland, anyone earning more than £28,867 will pay more income tax than those living in England.
From my own experience representing a Borders constituency, I see increasing evidence of people choosing to live south of the border rather than in the high-tax Scottish jurisdiction.
In my discussions with science, technology, engineering and maths businesses, I find that they are finding it increasingly difficult to recruit in Scotland because of the aggressive high-tax policies of the SNP.