Title: APPRECIATING FRIENDSHIP GROUP BULGARIA--USA; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
100

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

APPRECIATING FRIENDSHIP GROUP BULGARIA--USA

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, a dream come true and

answer to prayers has been the restoration of friendship of the people

Curtain.
The latest achievement has been the establishment in the National

Assembly of the Republic of Bulgaria of the Friendship Group Bulgaria--

USA.
This duplicates the Bulgarian Caucus I founded in 2004 in the U.S.

Congress, which I now co-chair with Congressman Brad Schneider of

Illinois, confirming Republican and Democrat appreciation of Bulgaria

and valued Bulgarian-Americans.
My affection for the people of Bulgaria began when I was selected by

Lee Atwater of

the Reagan Administration to be an observer of the Bulgarian National

Assembly elections on June 10, 1990, on behalf of the International

Republican Institute.
With the collapse of the Soviet Empire, countries

of Europe, the Baltics, Central Europe, and Central Asia conducted the

first post-communist elections, replacing totalitarian dictatorships.
Before arriving in Sofia, my research incorrectly identified Bulgaria

appreciated being the most subservient Soviet satellite.
Upon arriving,

I found that this was not true as it was instantly inspiring to meet

courageous Bulgarian patriots restoring democracy, which had been

destroyed by Nazis and communists.
Additionally, getting my attention was that Bulgaria and my home

state of South Carolina were so similar--beautiful beaches to the east,

mountains to the west, and our respective capitals of Sofia and

Columbia are both in the center.
I enjoy confirming to Bulgarians that an extraordinary feature in

Bulgaria that we do not have in South Carolina are the phenomenal

structures and antiquities of ancient Thrace, Greece, and Rome being

the foundation of Western Civilization and remain to remind us of our

shared heritage.
Pumping gas myself in college, I especially understand gas stations.
In 1990, arriving Bulgaria, I only recognized that a pathetic building

appearing as an outhouse was actually a gas station because there were

lines of cars waiting patiently--with no gas.
Then, I found out the

cars were not actually cars, but Russian Ladas and East German

Trabants, being 2-stroke motorcycle engines with a hood.
Now, I see modern Circle K's convenience stores fully stocked with a

Wendy's or a Lukoil with a Burger King.
And especially good, many cars

are now X-5 BMW's made in South Carolina--and I want every Bulgarian to

have a BMW.
The foundation of the Friendship Group Bulgaria--USA encourages Black

Sea patriots of Ukraine, Moldova, and Georgia who are under attack by

war criminal Putin who is insanely seeking to resurrect the failed

Soviet Union, oppressing the people of Russia.
One day, Russians will liberate themselves for freedom.
Last month, I was honored to meet with Defense Minister Atanas

Zapryanov and Ambassador Georgi Panayatov, with talented Bulgarian

pilots in Greenville, South Carolina, receiving F-22 jet fighters

produced by Lockheed Martin.
We join valued NATO allies Romania and Turkiye in support of

Bulgaria, as Bulgaria is a vital ally with the Novo Selo NATO Base,

where young Bulgarians and young Americans train side-by-side for Peace

Through Strength.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING FIRE CHIEF JEFF WILLIS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT

HON.
JAY OBERNOLTE

Mr. OBERNOLTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate

Jeff Willis on his retirement from the Big Bear City Fire Department

after nearly four decades of dedicated service.
Throughout his career,

Jeff served as a firefighter, engineer, captain, division chief,

assistant chief, fire marshal, and fire chief.
Jeff is renowned in our

community as a selfless and caring individual and is a true friend to

all who have the privilege of knowing him.
A resident of the Big Bear community for over 48 years, Jeff attended

local schools prior to joining the Big Bear City Fire Department as a

paid call firefighter at 18 years old.