Throughout his career,

Jeff served as a firefighter, engineer, captain, division chief,

assistant chief, fire marshal, and fire chief.
Jeff is renowned in our

community as a selfless and caring individual and is a true friend to

all who have the privilege of knowing him.
A resident of the Big Bear community for over 48 years, Jeff attended

local schools prior to joining the Big Bear City Fire Department as a

paid call firefighter at 18 years old.
Jeff was promoted to paid call

engineer within 2 years and advanced to the rank of fire captain just 2

years later--a true testament to his unique skillset and exceptional

abilities.
In 2007, at just 43 years old, Jeff became the youngest fire chief in

the history of the Big Bear City Fire Department.
Jeff's additional

accolades include serving as a board member for the Fire Districts

Association of California and as both chair and vice chair of the Joint

Legislative Task Force representing the California Fire Chiefs

Association.
Jeff's decorated career and service to Big Bear City would not have

been possible without the support of his family.
His wife, Yvette; his

three sons, Brandon, Jordan, and Kadon; his two stepsons, Joshua and

Brennan Eddy; his mother, Barbara; and his late father, Ken, were

instrumental in supporting his work in keeping our community safe.
Jeff had a profound impact on our community and the Big Bear City

Fire Department.
Heather and I deeply appreciate Jeff for his years of

service, and we wish him and his family well as they enter this next

stage of his already eventful and purposeful life.
I ask my colleagues

to join me in recognizing Jeff Willis and celebrating his retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING COOPER LEHMAN AND BRAYLEN GARCIA, TENNIS DOUBLES

CHAMPIONS

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to congratulate Cooper Lehman

and Braylen Garcia of Hempfield High School on winning the 2025 PIAA

Class 3A boys' Tennis Doubles championship on May 24.
Senior Cooper Lehman and freshman Braylen Garcia dominated the 2025

tennis season.
Their doubles team was instrumental in Hempfield's 15-

win start and claiming the Section One title, second place finish in

the Lancaster-Lebanon League, and fourth place finish in the district

3A team tournaments.
Ending with a 16-4 record, the Hempfield Black

Knights advanced to states.
On May 24, Lehman and Garcia defeated their

opponents from Dallastown after climbing back from a large deficit.
Lehman and Garcia crowned an excellent season with their state title.
The duo also won the Lancaster-Lebanon League title and the District

Three title weeks prior.
This run wraps up a prolific high school

career for Cooper Lehman, who will be continuing to play tennis at the

University of Mary Washington, and it shows great promise for Braylen

Garcia who is just beginning his high school playing career.
Winning the Class 3A boys' tennis doubles championship is an

exceptional achievement for Hempfield's Cooper Lehman and Braylen

Garcia, and I congratulate them on their victory.
May they hoist their

medals high with great pride in their efforts.
I look forward to seeing

what these students accomplish next.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING THE 2025 CONGRESSIONAL AWARD GOLD MEDALISTS

HON.
BRYAN STEIL

Mr. STEIL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate this year's

winners of the Congressional Award.
The Congressional Award honors those who strive to be part of

something bigger than themselves.
With this award, Congress recognizes

young Americans who devote their free time to an important activity.
It

could be taking on a public service project, pursuing a hobby or new

skill, starting a physical fitness program, or going on an outdoor

expedition.