They are actively

involved in the Napa Valley Vintners, Napa Valley Grape Growers, Napa

Communities Firewise Foundation, Mentis, Copia, and many other

community organizations.
The Staglin family is distinguished by a strong foundation in higher

education and public service.
Garen Staglin earned an MBA from Stanford

University and Shari Staglin received an MPA from New York University.
Shannon Staglin holds an MBA from UC Davis, and Brandon Staglin earned

a Master of Science in Healthcare Administration and Interpersonal

Leadership from UC San Francisco.
Mr. Speaker, the Staglin family has established a legacy befitting

their enduring commitment and passion to serving our community through

winemaking and philanthropy.
It is therefore fitting and proper that we

honor their work here today.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF MEDICAL RESEARCH FOR OUR TROOPS ACT

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to introduce the Medical Research

for Our Troops Act, a bill to amend the Full-Year Continuing

Appropriations and Extensions Act, 2025, by restoring essential funding

for Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs within the

Department of Defense Account.
I thank my colleague, Rep. Mike Levin

for joining me as a co-lead of this important legislation, the 21

original cosponsors who support the bill, and the 66 organizations who

endorse the bill text.
Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs have been

instrumental in advancing groundbreaking medical research that directly

benefit our service members and veterans.
Over the years, this program

has supported lifesaving innovations in areas such as traumatic brain

injury.
PTSD, breast cancer, and other conditions that

disproportionately affect our military community.
Many treatments and

therapies that were once experimental are now standard care, thanks to

the success and dedication of Congressionally Directed Medical Research

Programs-funded research.
Our bill restores funding to levels aligned with the Consolidated

Appropriations Act, 2024, ensuring continuity of these vital research

efforts.
By doing so, we reaffirm our commitment to sustaining the

momentum of these proven programs that save lives and improve the

health outcomes of those who serve our Nation.
I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to ensure that

medical research for our troops and veterans remains strong,

innovative, and fully funded.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
SETH MOULTON

Mr. MOULTON.
Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, June 10, 2025, I voted NAY but

intended to vote YEA on Roll Call No.
163.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATIONAL TIME OUT DAY

HON.
CHIP ROY

Mr. ROY.
Mr. Speaker, wrong-patient, wrong-site, and wrong-procedure

surgeries are rare, but can be life-altering for patients.
Members of

the Association of PeriOperative Registered Nurses (AORN) are committed

to safe surgery.
Since 2004, AORN and the Joint Commission have

recognized National Time Out Day to bring greater awareness to the safe

surgery practice of taking a ``time out'' before operative and other

invasive procedures to prevent wrong-site, wrong-patient, wrong-

procedure surgery.
The National Time Out Day initiative supports the Joint Commission's

Universal Protocol and builds greater awareness among surgical and

procedural team members about the critical steps that keep patients

safe.
This initiative's goal is to prevent errors by ensuring that all

members of the surgical team pause before invasive procedures, so they

can communicate as a group and confirm key information about the

patient and the procedure.
I commend perioperative and procedural teams in hospitals across

Texas' 21st Congressional District for their hard work and dedication

every day to ensure safe environments for procedural and surgical

patients.
I also applaud their efforts to reduce unnecessary healthcare

costs.
Today, I recognize these efforts on behalf of my constituents,

celebrating June 11, 2025, as National Time Out Day in District 21 and

across Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF MASCOTTE, FLORIDA

HON.
DANIEL WEBSTER

Mr. WEBSTER of Florida.