MARCY KAPTUR

Ms. KAPTUR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Justice David H. Souter, who passed away recently at the age of 85.
Justice Souter served our Nation with integrity, humility, and an

abiding respect for the Constitution.
In retirement, he spoke rarely

but when he did, his words resonated with profound clarity.
In 2012, he

warned that democracy cannot survive too much ignorance.
He spoke not

from partisanship, but from deep historical understanding.
When

citizens no longer grasp how their government works, the path opens to

authoritarianism.
He said, ``That is the way democracy dies . . .
an

ignorant people can never remain a free people.''
Those words echo even

louder today, when civic trust is fraying, institutions are under

siege, and loud voices offer simple answers to complex problems.
This

is not a moment for cynicism or despair.
But neither is it a time for

complacency.
Justice Souter's warning was not about left or right.
It

was about whether we choose understanding over manipulation, engagement

over apathy.
Let us honor his legacy by committing ourselves anew to

the serious work of fostering a democracy of, by, and for the people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE STAGLIN FAMILY VINEYARD

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the

Staglin Family Vineyard as they celebrate 40 years of business.
The

longevity of this great establishment is a remarkable accomplishment

and a testament to the Staglin family's efforts in our community.
In 1985, the Staglin family purchased an historic estate on

Rutherford Bench in the heart of Napa Valley.
The family estate was

founded by Shari and Garen Staglin.
For four decades, the Staglin

family has produced wines of remarkable quality from their 61-acre

Rutherford vineyard.
The Staglin family approaches winemaking with a deep sense of

responsibility to the land and our community.
They farm their

Rutherford Bench vineyard organically, invest in renewable energy

through solar power, and operate a cutting-edge underground production

facility that reflects their commitment to sustainability.
Their work

is not only about producing high quality wines, but also about

preserving the character of Napa Valley and developing meaningful

relationships.
The Staglin Family Vineyard produces top quality wines in our

district, most notably Cabernet Sauvignon and Chardonnay from their

estate under the Staglin and Salus labels.
Additionally, they grow and

bottle a small production of Stagliano Sangiovese, named after Garen's

father, and INEO, a Bordeaux Blend.
The Staglin family has proven to be dedicated members of our

community through more than just winemaking.
The family motto, ``Great

wines for great causes,'' rings true as they regularly engage in

philanthropic wine and other donations.
Since 1985, they have

collectively raised over $1 billion to support charities, including

championing their main cause, mental health.
Their efforts have

culminated in the founding of a non-profit, known as One Mind, which

has raised over $600 million in the past thirty years.
The

organization's mission seeks to radically accelerate cures for brain

illnesses and injuries by funding and fostering scientific research

collaborations and initiatives, to achieve healthy brains for all.
I

was proud to collaborate with Garen Staglin and introduce the

bipartisan Mental Health Research Accelerator Act to incentivize

private companies with financial resources to collaborate with academic

or nonprofit research institutions on neurological and mental health

research to tackle the root causes of mental health conditions.
The Staglin's are leaders in our community.
They are actively

involved in the Napa Valley Vintners, Napa Valley Grape Growers, Napa

Communities Firewise Foundation, Mentis, Copia, and many other

community organizations.
The Staglin family is distinguished by a strong foundation in higher

education and public service.
Garen Staglin earned an MBA from Stanford

University and Shari Staglin received an MPA from New York University.