Today, I recognize these efforts on behalf of my constituents,

celebrating June 11, 2025, as National Time Out Day in District 21 and

across Texas.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF MASCOTTE, FLORIDA

HON.
DANIEL WEBSTER

Mr. WEBSTER of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 100th

Anniversary of the City of Mascotte, Florida.
Officially incorporated

on November 23, 1925, Mascotte has grown, flourished over the past

century, and this year, the city will mark this historic milestone with

a Centennial Celebration on Saturday, June 21, 2025.
The roots of Mascotte trace back to around 1885, when founder J.W.

Payne first settled the area.
The city takes its name from the

Mascotte, a ship owned by Tampa civic leader Henry B. Plant.
The

vessel, which played a role in transporting tobacco from Cuba during

the Spanish-American War, is proudly on the city's official seal.
Located in the southwestern portion of Lake County, the City of

Mascotte today is a thriving and diverse community providing a full

range of essential municipal services to its residents.
Now home to

over 9,000 residents, Mascotte continues to grow while preserving the

small-town charm and close-knit community spirit that has defined it

for generations.
Mascotte is a place where families raise their

children, businesses find opportunity, and neighbors support one

another.
It is my privilege to honor and celebrate the City of Mascotte on the

occasion of its centennial anniversary.
May the next 100 years be as

vibrant and prosperous as the first.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, June 12, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 17

10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine scammers exposed, focusing on

protecting older Americans from transnational crime

networks.
10:30 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Department of Defense

To hold closed hearings to examine proposed budget

estimates for fiscal year 2026 for the intelligence

community.
Committee on Appropriations

Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs,

and Related Agencies

To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates for

fiscal year 2026 for military construction and family

housing.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Technology, and Data

Privacy

To hold hearings to examine the World Anti Doping Agency,

focusing on swimming in denial over Chinese doping.
JUNE 18

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 and the Future

Years Defense Program for the Department of Defense; to

be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines,

and Safety

To hold hearings to examine modernizing America's rail

network.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine the President's proposed

budget request for fiscal year 2026 for the Department

of Energy.