Mrs. Riley is a true public servant who has made a significant and

lasting impact on Spartanburg County, the South Carolina GOP, and the

lives of countless South Carolinians.
We will never be able to fully

thank her for over 30 years of service to the people of Spartanburg

County and the Upstate as a whole.
She has left an indelible mark on

the Palmetto State.
I thank Mary Ann Riley for her years of service and friendship.
May

God continue to bless her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MS.
EVELYN RICE-PEEBLES

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, St. Louis and I rise to celebrate and honor

Ms. Evelyn Rice-Peebles for her career in public service to Missouri's

First District over the last 30 years.
Throughout her career, she has

been an inspiration to many.
Evelyn was the first Black woman appointed

as a Commissioner in the City of St. Louis.
She has served under

several Mayors, most recently as the Commissioner of Recreation for the

City of St. Louis, ensuring that all St. Louisans have an opportunity

to enjoy recreational activities such as swimming, aerobics, basketball

and more.
Her charitable contributions have ranged from providing science and

conservation education at the Saint Louis Science Center and Missouri

Department of Conservation, to promoting learning opportunities with

the National Society of Black Engineers.
She has further dedicated her

time with BJC HealthCare's School Outreach and Youth Development, St.

Louis Transitional Hope House, and the Women's Society of Washington

University.
She is a proud mother who is passionate about her faith and is

committed to making St. Louis a better place for all, especially our

youth.
Ms. Evelyn Rice-Peebles has received multiple awards including

the Harambee Institute Youth Service Award, the Jodie Bailey and

Friends Recreational and Sports Social Inc. Role Model Award, the Hope

House Creative Support Award, and the Young Women Christian

Association's 2016 Leader of Distinction Award.
She is also an inductee

of the St. Louis Boxing Hall of Fame and a recipient of a Resolution

for Excellence in Office and Service by the St. Louis City Board of

Aldermen.
On behalf of Missouri's First District and the St. Louis community,

we thank Ms. Evelyn Rice-Peebles for everything she has done for our

region.
I personally wish her a joyous retirement filled with family,

creative writing, spoken word, and the final publication of her

collection of short stories.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF RICHARD BARON

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate

Richard Baron of Woodstock, Connecticut who retires from his work with

the Woodstock Fire Marshal's office on November 30, 2023.
Richard's

retirement concludes 50 years of exemplary service to the Town of

Woodstock, the last 27 of which were as Fire Marshal.
His outstanding

dedication to his community and expertise will be sorely missed.
From his earliest days in northeastern Connecticut, Richard was

destined to be an exceptional member of the Woodstock community.
He

attended the Woodstock Academy and Ellis Technical School in Woodstock

and Danielson respectively and was drawn to helping others by following

a special calling to the challenging work of public safety.
At a very

young age, Richard began his journey at the Muddy Brook Fire Department

as a volunteer, which gave him a chance to apply his technical

knowledge and caring disposition to the tasks of a firefighter.
Richard's professional career has also been defined by his service to

the community--in the halls of Connecticut's state government, where he

worked with the Connecticut Department of Transportation for over 31

years.
His talented work and leadership skills were rewarded over the

years with a series of promotions.