Title: CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SAM SLOM, FORMER HAWAII STATE SENATOR; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
182

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF SAM SLOM, FORMER HAWAII STATE SENATOR

HON.
JILL N. TOKUDA

Ms. TOKUDA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of one of

my favorite Republicans, my former colleague, my friend, the late

Hawaii State Senator, Sam Slom.
For 20 years, Sam represented East Honolulu's 9th Senatorial

District.
and for almost half that time, he was the sole Republican

member of the Hawaii Senate earning him the self-imposed nickname.
``The Lone Ranger.''
As one of a handful.
or the only, member of the minority party, Sam

read every bill, every resolution, and defied time and space to try and

get to every committee and vote.
I had the honor and privilege of serving many years side by side Sam.
Yes.
we disagreed on many things, but more than not, we saw eye to eye,

especially on our commitment to lowering the cost of living for middle

class working families and being good fiscal stewards with taxpayer

dollars.
Prior to his service in the State Senate.
Sam served as the chief

economist for the Bank of Hawaii, and for over 30 years he was the

President and Executive Director of Small Business Hawaii.
There is much that could be said about the boy from Allentown,

Pennsylvania, who found his way to Hawaii in the sixties and made

Hawaii his home.
What I can personally share is that he was often the member I could

count on to be there.
When I needed his vote, even if he disagreed,

he'd help me get it to the floor and was open and honest with me on why

he disagreed.
He was a statesman till the very end, and given the partisan times we

find ourselves in, I truly miss my friend.
Mahalo to Sam for blessing us with his wisdom, his advocacy.
and his

friendship.
There are more Hawaiian hoary bats in our islands because

challenged our minds and won our hearts.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARY ANN RILEY OF INMAN, SOUTH CAROLINA

HON.
WILLIAM R. TIMMONS, IV

Mr. TIMMONS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mary Ann Riley of

Inman, South Carolina for her decades of service to our community and

dedication to the South Carolina Republican Party.
Mrs. Riley moved to South Carolina in 1982.
That same year, Mrs.

Riley began attending community meetings, getting involved in local

campaigns, and was appointed President of the Spartanburg County

Republican Women, where she has served ever since.
More than politics, Mrs. Riley is a major contributor to her local

pregnancy center, she has volunteered her time with the mental health

divisions, the foster care community, and supports Upstate veterans

undergoing hospice care.
She is also active in her church and other

organizations that work to assist our fellow South Carolinians every

single day.
She has served the South Carolina GOP in many roles and has attended

local, state, and national meetings and conventions.
She is the

recipient of numerous awards including the ``Woman of Achievement

Award'' from the South Carolina Legislative Republican Women Caucus,

``Woman of the Year'' from Spartanburg County Republican Women and has

received the honor of ``Catholic Woman of the Year'' twice.
A former teacher, her life's work has been to make the world a better

place for her students, her neighbors, and future generations.
Mrs. Riley is a true public servant who has made a significant and

lasting impact on Spartanburg County, the South Carolina GOP, and the

lives of countless South Carolinians.
We will never be able to fully

thank her for over 30 years of service to the people of Spartanburg

County and the Upstate as a whole.
She has left an indelible mark on

the Palmetto State.