J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate a

remarkable milestone: the 100th Anniversary Celebration of The Kiwanis

Club in Santa Ana.
On October 20, 1920, a group of 77 leading citizens of Santa Ana

organized the Kiwanis Club of Santa Ana as the seventh Kiwanis Club in

California.
The Club Charter was issued on February 23, 1921.
In the 1920's and 1930's, the Club focused on supporting various

youth and community organizations, including the YMCA and Boy Scouts of

America.
Members of the Club worked on the coordinating committees for

the development of the current Santa Ana College Campus and the YMCA

building on Sycamore Street, as well as helped to build the Masonic

temple on that same road.
In 1954, a focus on scholarships led to the Club's first award to a

Santa Ana High School student for $500.
Due to the generosity of

members, friends, and bequests, the Foundation scholarship fund has

grown to over $1 million.
Scholarships today are awarded to continuing

and transferring Santa Ana College students.
To date, the Club has

awarded over $3.6 million in scholarships.
Notably, Kiwanis International eliminated gender as a qualification

of membership in 1987.
The Kiwanis Club of Santa Ana welcomed its first

female member shortly thereafter.
Santa Ana Kiwanians Doy Henley and

Cliff Benson took a stand and advocated for the inclusion of women at

the International Convention in 1979.
Since 2000, the club has focused on education and support for low-

income families and those with special needs.
The Club has evolved with

the needs of the community and has developed into a group of concerned,

motivated men and women from diverse ethnic and vocational backgrounds.
While many similar organizations within the Kiwanis Community and

other similar organizations have disbanded, the Kiwanis Club of Santa

Ana is still doing significant work in our community.
I ask my

colleagues to join me in celebrating this wonderful milestone of a

century of community service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF JAMES THEODORE HERFURTH

HON.
TRENT KELLY

Mr. KELLY of Mississippi.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the

life of James ``Jim'' Theodore Herfurth, who passed away peacefully in

his home on November 1, 2023, in Osage Beach, Missouri.
Jim was born on July 21, 1937, to parents Theodore and Mathilda

Herfurth in Eldon, Missouri.
He attended Eldon High School where he

played forward for the Mustangs Basketball team.
The team ultimately

won the State Championship in 1954, and Jim graduated in 1955.
He

continued his education at the University of Missouri, graduating in

1959 with a BS degree in banking and finance, and commissioning as a

second lieutenant in the United States Army Artillery.
He was stationed

at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where he served as a Finance Officer and as

adjutant for the Target Artillery Department.
His passion for his

country led him to extend his original tour for an additional year due

to the Berlin Crises.
After leaving active duty, Jim began his finance career with IBM in

Kansas City, Missouri.
In 1964, he began his 35-year banking career

with Central Trust Bank in Jefferson City, Missouri while

simultaneously joining the 420th Civil Affairs National Guard Reserve

Unit.
During his career with the Central Bank organization, Jim rose

through the operations and loans divisions, as well as the ranks of the

Missouri National Guard, until Central Bancompany's acquisition of Bank

of Lake of the Ozarks in 1987.
Jim was then named President and CEO of

the newly named Central Bank of Lake of the Ozarks, and he earned his

rank of Colonel in the Missouri National Guard.
Passionate about his community, Jim left a mark wherever he lived.
His commitment to his community was evidenced through his involvement

in the new construction of roads and bridges, economic development

through Central Bank, public schools, YMCA, hospitals, and the Dogwood

Animal Shelter.