Jim was then named President and CEO of

the newly named Central Bank of Lake of the Ozarks, and he earned his

rank of Colonel in the Missouri National Guard.
Passionate about his community, Jim left a mark wherever he lived.
His commitment to his community was evidenced through his involvement

in the new construction of roads and bridges, economic development

through Central Bank, public schools, YMCA, hospitals, and the Dogwood

Animal Shelter.
He had a strong sense of community and worked hard to

make his home a better place for everyone.
Although a busy man, Jim still found time to enjoy his hobbies.
He

loved to play golf, spending an equal amount of time playing as he did

trying to convince his grandchildren to play.
When he wasn't golfing,

Jim was snow skiing, visiting Palm Springs, or visiting he and his

wife's friends in Tucson, Arizona.
Left to cherish his memory is his wife Marjorie M. Herfurth; his two

children from his marriage in 1961 to Barbara A. Silvers: daughter,

Kimberly Herfurth Ayscue of Franklinton, North Carolina; son, J.

Matthew Herfurth and his wife Jeane Herfurth of Madison, Mississippi;

his four grandchildren: Michael and Andrew Boyleir; daughter, Grace, of

Monet, Missouri.
He was preceded in death by his sister, Barbara

Herfurth Moffitt.
Jim's life was one of service, grace, and love for his family and

community.
He will be deeply missed by all whom he encountered.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I was absent from votes on November 2,

2023, due to illness.
Had I been present, I would have voted in the

following manner: NAY on Roll Call No.
592; NAY on Roll Call No.
591;

NAY on Roll Call No.
590; NAY on Roll Call No.
589; NAY on Roll Call

No.
588; NAY on Roll Call No.
587; NAY on Roll Call No.
586; NAY on

Roll Call No.
585; NAY on Roll Call No.
584; NAY on Roll Call No.
583;

NAY on Roll Call No.
582; NAY on Roll Call No.
581; NAY on Roll Call

No.
580; and NAY on Roll Call No.
579.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PENELOPE GROSS ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT

HON.
GERALD E. CONNOLLY

Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Penelope ``Penny''

Gross on her retirement after 27 years of serving as the Fairfax County

Mason District Supervisor and 21 years of chairing the Potomac

Watershed Roundtable.
Elected in 1995 to represent the Mason District, Penny has been an

advocate for affordable housing, expanded public transportation, and

violence prevention.
Penny represents Fairfax County on the Board of

Directors of the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments, the

Northern Virginia Regional Commission, the INOVA Health System Board of

Trustees, and the Potomac Watershed Roundtable (PWR).
Shortly after becoming the chair of PWR, she encouraged the VA

Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR) to help in developing

strategies that will bring the state of Virginia up to the standard

that Maryland had already set, regarding efforts that support the

Chesapeake Bay Preservation Program.
With that, in July 2003, the

Potomac River Tributary Strategy was developed by DCR.
In January 2004, Penny led the PWR in discussions for a 2004 vision,

whose focal points influenced many water-related issues, such as

Stormwater Management, Wastewater Treatment Plants, and Total Maximum

Daily Load.
In April later that year, Penny was appointed by then

Governor Mark Warner to the Chesapeake Bay Blue Ribbon Funding Panel.
A

panel tasked with finding alternative sources for funding the

Chesapeake Bay Cleanup.
By October 2004, Chairman Gross announced some

recommendations on behalf of the Chesapeake Bay Blue Bay Ribbon Finance

Panel.