Mr. KIM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the selfless service and incredible accomplishments.
Calvin Moon, a United States Navy Veteran, who passed earlier this month.
Born in Yardville, Calvin spent his life in southern New Jersey.
After graduating from Bordentown High School, he served in the United States Navy Submarine Service as a Petty Officer First Class Radar Operator on the Razorback Submarine in World War II.
His bravery during his service played an integral role on the Pacific Front.
After his service, he returned to New Jersey and earned a bachelor's degree in agricultural research from Rutgers University.
Calvin then continued his studies at the University of Pennsylvania earning a doctorate of veterinary medicine in 1952.
Calvin was also a devoted veterinarian practicing in his hometown.
While he began his career at the Wood Veterinary Hospital, he later helped launch the Hamilton Veterinary Hospital.
Additionally, Calvin was a key player in establishing the Columbus Central Veterinary Hospital and served 20 years as their Medical Director, in addition to his service as a diplomat with the American Board of Veterinary Practitioners.
His devotion to ensuring the beloved pets of families were taken care of was an inspiration to all those who knew him.
Outside his professional work, Calvin was an active member of his community.
Having served on the Northern Burlington High School Board of Education and as scoutmaster for Troop 55 in Crosswicks, Calvin received the Father of the Year Award in Chesterfield, New Jersey.
In addition to all those contributions, he was also a radio operator for Mercer County Emergency Service, a member of the Rutgers Oral History Society, the Base Commander of the New Jersey South Submarine Veterans, and Honorary Life Member of the USS Razorback Association.
I commend him for his deep roots in our community, and for his desire to uplift youth, veterans, and all of his neighbors.
Calvin was, at his core, a loving husband to June Ann Moon.
In their 76 years of marriage, the Moons had four children, seven grandchildren, and now five great-grandchildren.
While many community members locally know Calvin and his positive impact in our community, today I'm proud to honor his tenure as a veteran of the United States Navy, a valued member of our community, and as a husband, father, grandfather, and great-grandfather.
We are fortunate to be able to carry on his legacy of service and to have his life's work as inspiration in our community.