Mr. SCOTT FRANKLIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Anne B. Kerr, who recently retired from her role as the 17th president a quality campus life experience transformed Florida Southern into one Dr. Kerr developed her interest in education during her psychology studies at Mercer University.
She then earned a master's degree in counseling and a doctorate in higher education administration from Florida State University.
Prior to her tenure at Florida Southern, Dr. Kerr held executive roles at Rollins College and the University of Central Florida before serving as the University of Richmond's Vice President for Institutional Advancement.
Dr. Kerr's 20-year tenure as Florida Southern College's 17th president was the second-longest in the school's history.
Her steadfast leadership yielded the college's highest enrollment numbers and academic ranking.
The college became a top producer of Fulbright Scholars in the Nation, a prestigious scholarship for students pursuing studies abroad.
To house Florida Southern's monumental growth, the college added 22 new buildings, expanded 20 others and restored many of the famed Frank Lloyd Wright buildings.
Dr. Kerr also helped expand Florida Southern's academic offerings by adding 19 new graduate degree programs, including the Barney Barnett School of Business and Economics, the first named school on campus.
Other new programs were added in accounting, education, nursing and physical therapy.
On the eve of her retirement, she also announced the emergence of a new undergraduate architecture program, with a graduate program to follow in 2028.
Dr. Kerr declared at the start of her tenure she wanted FSC to be ``recognized as one of the nation's small, preeminent colleges.''
It is safe to say she exceeded her vision.
Dr. Kerr's success was driven by her faith and the fulfillment brought by seeing her students achieve their dreams.
We are lucky she intends to continue to inspire future generations, returning to Florida Southern in Spring 2025 to teach a leadership course in the Barnett School.