Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor George ``Lum'' Atkinson, a veteran and dedicated community leader from Gulfport, Florida.
George was born on June 23, 1926, in Birmingham, Alabama, right before the Great Depression.
As Tom Brokaw once said, ``the greatest generation that ever lived.''
The oldest of 4 boys, he had only one pair of shoes.
They were for school, Church, and any other fancy occasion.
This meant basketball in the school gym was played barefoot or in socks.
When he was nine years old, he was hit in the head with a baseball bat and had to stay in bed for six months.
He would spend his days in bed shooting bbs into a metal tin with wax.
Every evening, his father would melt the wax, pick out the bbs, and hang it back up in the morning.
In the mid-1940s, Lum and his family had to leave the cold of Alabama for the warmth of Arizona or Florida due to his brother's asthma.
They had been to Florida before to visit family, so they landed in Treasure Island and began their lives on the Gulf Coast.
He and his family became a part of the community and became the first six members of Church by the Sea in Madeira Beach, Florida.
Lum was a student in high school when World War II began.
As a senior at St. Petersburg High School, Lum decided to drop out of school and enlist in the Marines to defend our country.
Since he was only 17, his parents had to give their permission.
His mother was against his early enlistment, wanting him to get his diploma before enlisting.
She made him promise that he would get his diploma when he returned after the war was over.
So, after the war, he returned to St. Petersburg High School to get his degree.
When you make a promise to Momma, you keep it.
Lum was an excellent marksman during World War II.
He went to Hawaii in the 2nd Division, then transferred to the 6th Division to participate in the Battle of Okinawa.
On April 1, 1945, the invasion of Okinawa began.
Lum was a member of the main landing force in northern Okinawa.
By April 20th, the northern portion of the island was under the control of the 6th Division.
With the northern portion secured, Lum's unit took on new duties critical to the war effort.
Lum assisted in maintaining the airstrip during the day, guarding the airstrip from snipers and sabotage while in a foxhole at night, and getting supplies to the southern portion of the island where the Japanese had a stronghold.
When the war ended, Lum's unit was sent to China

to guard Japanese prisoners and help the Chinese repair their country.
For their service in the Battle of Okinawa, the 6th Marine Division was awarded the Presidential Unit Citation, the highest division award possible.
Corporal George ``Lum'' Atkinson was awarded the World War II Combat Action Ribbon, the Asiatic Pacific Theater Ribbon, and the Good Conduct Medal.
When he returned from World War II, he met and married the love of his life, Mary.
They settled down in the small town of Gulfport, Florida, where they raised three girls.
During this time, he joined the Marine Corps Reserve.
He was called up for the Korean War and was stationed at Camp Lejeune.
Always willing to serve his country and community, Lum worked for 38 years at Florida Power as a lineman, foreman, and switchman.
While at Florida Power, he played on the company softball team.
Knowing his love for the game, one of his coworkers asked him to help with Gulfport Little League around 1957.
He started coaching and remained active on and off for almost 50 years, serving as President, Secretary, Umpire, Scorekeeper, Manager, Coach, and Groundskeeper.
He is still in touch with many of his players.