Good Morning.
As I was listening to the beautiful music, I was reminded of one of my constituents whose name was John Szymanski, used to look out over a crowd like this and say, ``You look just beautiful.''
And you do.
Dear Americans and guests, respectfully, on this Memorial Day of 2024, we gather here in our nation's Capital at our National World War II Memorial centered along America's Mall.
Today, 235 years after the founding of our young Republic, we honor the memory of all Americans who are war dead, including unknown soldiers who rendered their dear lives in military service to Liberty.
Our Republic's sacred historical journey of Liberty, Justice, and Equality for all rests on their strong shoulders of over 1,100,000 of our forebears in arms.
They were our loved ones, our grandparents, our parents, our uncles, aunts, neighbors, friends.
They lodged deeply in our minds and our hearts forever.
Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen, Space Force, Marines, Guard and Reserves, Coast Guard, Merchant Marines.
We must honor their memory and meaning as we are today.
Thank you all for coming.
We recognize those who fought in the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War, the Civil War, the Spanish-American War, World War I, World War II, the Korean Conflict, the Vietnam War, the Persian Gulf War, the Iraq and Afghanistan Wars, and here today, America remembers Pearl Harbor, the May 8th Victory Europe, the September 2nd Victory Pacific, Guadalcanal, Midway, Anzio, D-Day, Omaha Beach, Saipan, Battle of the Bulge, and Iwo Jima, to name a few.
Today, America bows to these heroes and heroines.
They did not seek a Memorial Day.
Originally known as Decoration Day, following the Civil War.
It was widely observed starting on May 30th, 1868.
In 1968, Memorial Day was authorized by Congress to designate the last Monday in May as the day of tribute and remembrance of those who died while serving in our armed forces.
Today at this place, we recall a more recent chapter of America's solemn history.
The World War II Memorial was built to honor the human sacrifice that defines the 20th century's profound achievement: the victory of Liberty over tyranny.
After Imperialist Japan bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7th, 1941, the United States declared war on Japan and its allies, Germany and Italy.
In the immortal words of the Great American General, George Marshall, quote, ``Before the sun sets, our flag will be recognized throughout the world as a symbol of freedom and of overwhelming force.''
More than 400,000 service members died in service to Liberty halfway around the world on three fronts, Europe, the Pacific, North Africa.
And over the past two decades, more than 80 million visitors have traveled to pay homage at this Memorial to them.
The visitors make the journey to honor the extraordinary valor and historic achievements by our forebears who bequeath Liberty to us.
This gathering place is designed as a vista for reflection, between the Washington Monument to the East that honors our nation's founding and General George Washington, our nation's first President.
To our west rests the Lincoln Memorial and whose spectacular plaza honors President Abraham Lincoln.
During the 19th Century, his heroic life-giving leadership preserved the American Union, following our nation's bitter civil war, upwards of 700,000 soldiers and civilians died, along with unknown numbers of civilians on our own territory.
The United States of America was victorious, but the price paid in battle of brother against brother, state against state made the Civil War the costliest war in lives lost of any of America's wars.
America will not go back.
The sacrificial patriots honored here are the awful price of taming the 20th century's vicious beasts of human annihilation.
President Eisenhower described the fighting as ``savagery''
Our valorous heroes who survived the wars against Nazism in Europe and North Africa, the Holocaust, and Imperialism in the Pacific, then returned home.
Recently, as I witnessed the address of Japan's Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, before the assembled Congress of the United States this year, my memory recalled the 79 years of history extraordinary that made that moment and what had been required.
America had built and rebuilt a war-torn world, and though it was not until President Truman integrated the US military post-World War in 1948 that America proclaimed, as did Lincoln, that Liberty has no color.
History records how African American foot soldiers and Tuskegee airmen fought hand in hand with enlistees not of color, but veterans all returned home, built their families, and communities.
They intentionally created global institutions to promote dialogue and understanding, as well as to defend our Free World.
They did not assume these tasks willingly, but of necessity.
They did not shirk