their responsibility to the future.
They aspired to a higher purpose to tame the demons of war.
The World War II Memorial is not named for a person, but for the 20th century's Greatest Generation.
Here at this Memorial, 4,006 gold stars on the Wall of Heroes represent those 400,600 fallen Americans who offered their precious lives to Liberty.
Learning from the grit of World War II, America's team who built this memorial never gave up.
Former Chairman, as has been mentioned of the Battle Monuments Commission, Ambassador Haydn Williams never gave up.
He would write of these patriots, and I quote, ``If their silent stare could speak, Archibald MacLeish would have them say, `we leave you our deaths, give them meaning' ''
Those that survived did just that.
They forged new alliances like NATO to defend our Free World.
And they shaped a world in which the United States entered its longest period in history of relative peace between great powers.
That architecture is being tested this very day.
The World War II generation triumphed over adversity.
It vanquished the hateful cruelty exacted by the Axes of Nazi, Imperialists, and ultimately hateful cruelty in 1989 and 1991, with Soviet dictators who savagely had killed and starved millions upon millions upon millions more innocent human beings than ever before on Earth.
This coming June 6th, our nation will commemorate the 80th anniversary of the D-Day landing of 1944, the turning point in World War II.
History notes, it was the largest military and naval operation ever conducted by any armed force in the history of the world.
400,000 US combat troops were led by brilliant US Army General Omar Bradley.
US troops and 2,000 paratroopers joined with Britain, and Canadian allies in a total force numbering 1,200,000, in Operation Overlord, in a surprise attack that that enormous force traversed the English Channel beginning on D-Day on June 6th, 1944.
Their mission was to defeat the deadly forces of Nazi tyranny that had invaded France and other European nations that adjoined.
What transpired was the most harrowing, costliest battle in world history.
Enemy planes bombed our valiant seaborne troops as Nazi platoons hidden in bunker nests arrayed across the high bluffs above the French coast, shot down as Allied troops in column after column after column scaled up the treacherous cliffs.
The English Channel turned red with the precious blood of our fallen.
Our own Uncle, Stanley Rogowski, from Toledo, Ohio, was one comrades as he and his army engineer buddies hauled heavy steel track up the embankment under heavy fire.
Their valor allowed tons and tons of equipment to be hauled on that track.
Tanks and ammunition.
And ultimately the Allies kept persevering forward.
Over the next two months would come the terrible battle.
There, America's soldiers under command of Army General George Patton would break the back of Nazi invaders as fierce fighting in the treacherous French hedgerows resulted in terrible losses.
The Allies, U.S., British, and Canadian would slowly gain ground month after agonizing month of fighting.
They continued to aim at the heart of the strategic edge of Nazi resistance in Germany itself.
Still fighting a year later, on March 7th, 1945, it would be an exceptional soldier from Holland, Ohio, Sergeant Alexander Drabik, who would lead the consequential spearhead charge for American forces with the 27th Armed Infantry Brigade of the 9th Armored Division.
Under intense enemy fire, they dashed eastward across the Ludendorff Bridge over the Rhine River near Remagen and toward the heart of Nazi Germany.
Polish conscripts had cut the fuses that the Nazis had planted to blow up the bridge.
It was the last bridge that the Nazis had not blown up to prevent Allies from crossing into the heart of German territory.
Sergeant Drabik's bravery allowed troops to cross over within an hour.
The first Allied Brigade across the Rhine River, led by Sergeant Drabik under the command of General John Leonard, also of Toledo, Ohio, would go on to be awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for his extraordinary heroism, and that moment has been deemed the turning point for World War II on the continent.
They not only won the war but having faced the abyss of human annihilation.
They went on to build the institutions for the architecture of a Free World.
In 1987, almost a half century after Allied victory in World War II, it was a U.S. Army veteran who had served at Saint Lo, France in Tank Command, who first approached his Congresswoman.
His name was Roger Durbin of Berkey, Ohio, located in Lucas County's 9th Congressional District, and inquired of her in an open forum like this, why was there no World War II in Washington, DC, to which he could bring his grandchildren?
That question inspired our 17 year-long shared quest to build this Memorial.
May I recognize one of Roger Durbin's grandchildren joining us here today, Melissa Durbin Tsuji and her husband, Dr. Jun Tsuji from Berkey, Ohio.
Thank you for coming.
With 24 public hearings heard over 17 years, legislation to build this Memorial was first introduced in the U.S. House in 1987 until the memorial was officially dedicated in 2004.
The efforts span the terms of three Presidents and eight Congresses.
As one sage name, Congressman Barney Frank of Massachusetts quipped, ``it took longer to construct the Memorial than to conduct the war.''
The extraordinary and generous effort to raise private funds to help construct this memorial was led by Frederick W. Smith, CEO.
We were all blessed by the fervent support of then retired U.S. 
Senator and wounded World War II hero, 
Senator Robert Dole.
He dedicated his last years to greeting veterans here almost every day on site and doing everything within his power to help the Memorial reach its full potential.
It was heart rending to watch him greet his comrades here.
One by one for many, and indeed for him, it would be their last call.
Additionally, 
Senator John Glenn of Ohio, 
Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, Congressman William Clay of Missouri, Congressman Sonny Montgomery of Mississippi, Congressman Jack Davis of Illinois were essential, and I extend my gratitude, and the gratitude accomplish something great for America.
And let me shout out a huge thank you to Holly Rotondi, the persevering Executive Director of the Friends of the National World War II Memorial.
Where is Holly?
There she is.
Yay Holly!
Your entire Friends Board, led by Jane Droppa, worked tirelessly to support this Memorial and to advance its historical interpretation, and it has touched the hearts and lives of tens of millions of our fellow citizens.
You have spread the wings of Liberty for countless people to witness, and your unique, and ever-growing educational program is bringing more interpretation, and historical remembrance to our nation, and world, including the lesson of patriotic self-giving that encapsulates the World War II Generation.
While our efforts when our efforts began, we could not have imagined the citizen driven initiative that has selflessly helped over 200,000 veterans visit this Memorial, the Honor Flight Program.
Honor Flight was co-founded by Ohioan Earl Morse, a physician assistant and retired Air Force Captain, and Jeff Miller, a small business owner and son of a World War II veteran.
Morse worked in a Department of Veterans Affairs clinic in Springfield, Ohio, and there he saw many patients who were World War II veterans.
After the National World War II Memorial in Washington was completed in 2004, he asked many of his veteran patients if they were going to see it and most said, oh yes.
Morse said, ``I would see my World War II veterans, maybe three, six months later, and I'd ask them if they'd gone to see it.
300 of them I'd seen, and not a one had come to see the Memorial.
Reality set in.
They were never going ``So, 
Mr. Morse then offered to personally fly the first two veterans to Washington to see the Memorial, after seeing them break down and cry upon visiting, he pitched his idea to a club of 300 private pilots at a local Air Force base, proposing that the pilots would pay for the flights for the veterans to Washington and personally escort them around the city.
11 volunteered, and history was made as that network was formed.
Fast forward 20 years, I'm proud to say that the Honor Flight program is a resounding success.
It is now allowed veterans of any war to witness at no cost the national memorials marking their historic deeds.
And I recently welcomed back an Honor Flight from our region of the Midwest, led by a 102-year-old wheelchair bound World War II veteran nurse named Gerri DeMeo.
I was overjoyed to hear her response as they took her wheelchair off the plane and moved her into the room and the crowds were cheering
and I had the opportunity to ask her, ``Gerri, what did you think of the Memorial?''
``Absolutely beautiful Beautiful.''
And she just beamed.
She just beamed.
Most recently it has been the highest honor and privilege to introduce and gain passage of our new bipartisan legislation, H.R. 1057, the National World War II Memorial Commemorative Coin Act.
This legislation has authorized the minting of three new coins at the U.S. Treasury in commemoration of today, the 20th Anniversary of the National World War II Memorial here in Washington.
These coins will serve as an important token of the spirit, sacrifice, and commitment of the brave Americans who fought for the triumph.
The three distinct coins are now on sale through the U.S. Mint for the duration of this year.
The net proceeds generated from the sale of these coins will ensure the Memorial is properly maintained for years to come.
My hope is that improvements will include expanded educational and historical materials in collaboration with the American battle monuments Commission and the World War II Veterans History Project at the Library of Congress many years ago, championed by Congressman Ron Kind of Wisconsin, now retired.
Additionally, with the advance of the Internet, I'm challenging each of you to share the information about the coins and think about friends you know, let them know the coins are on sale.
With what we have now, with new social media apps, teaching opportunities, and commemorative programing for the millions of people who visit each year and others throughout our country who cannot come can really be advanced through the new electronic capabilities and embrace people across the country.
Let me just say, while the Greatest Generation saved the world from Nazi and Imperial domination and achieved the collapse of Soviet tyranny, beginning with Poland in 1989, and then all of Central Europe in 1991,