Mr. FITZPATRICK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an extraordinary constituent from my district, 
Mrs. Mary Jane Courtright.
Born on August 7, 1925, Jane exemplifies a century of steadfast dedication to education, family, and community service.
Her 100 years others.
Jane's commitment to education was evident early on.
She graduated first in her class from Camden Catholic High School and was awarded a full scholarship to Georgian Court College.
There, she earned a bachelor of science in chemistry in 1946 while also serving as senior class vice president, in addition to participating in a plethora of other clubs and student activities.
She went on to earn two master's degrees, one in science education and another in chemistry.
For over 25 years, Jane taught chemistry at Council Rock High School.
As the only female educator in the school's science department at the start of her career, she pioneered the implementation of the AP chemistry program--a program that continues to flourish today.
In 1950, Jane married Joseph Albert Courtright and supported his service in the U.S. Navy, living in Philadelphia, Pearl Harbor, and Port Hueneme before settling in Warminster, Pennsylvania.
After her husband's passing in 1958 while in the service of his country, Jane raised their five children with unwavering devotion and grace.
Her strength and love built a family that now spans seven grandchildren and ten great-grandchildren.
Beyond her roles as an educator and a mother, Jane served as the President of the Federated Women's Club.
Notably, she spearheaded a community initiative to create a lending library.
By placing collection cartons in local grocery stores for donated books, Jane amassed an extensive collection of literature.
Jane's initiative eventually grew into the Warminster Township Free Library, which today boasts over 100,000 volumes of literary works.
Jane served as both president and treasurer of the Founding Library Board of Directors, volunteering for 54 years.
Jane actively practiced her faith as a parishioner and volunteer at Nativity of Our Lord Catholic Church in Warminster.
In her service to the parish, Jane saw a need and organized Nativity's program to provide religious instruction for public school students.
She served as principal of the new CCD program for several years and continued as a volunteer instructor for many more.
Now, as she approaches age 100, Jane remains an extraordinary force-- focusing on her personal fitness with her trainer Sabrina Willard, who helped in her recovery from cancer and with whom she has now worked for the past 24 years.
As we celebrate Jane's 100th birthday, we honor her enduring dedication to Bucks County as an educator, community servant, loving mother, and an inspiring woman of remarkable strength and character.