Todd returned to Southern University for law school in 1960 and was admitted solely on the recommendation of a dean who met Todd as an undergraduate and recognized his potential.
There, law professors and students represented other students who had been arrested for sitting at whites- only lunch counters at five-and-dime and drug stores--an act of civil disobedience aimed at protesting segregation in Baton Rouge.
Todd actively participated in the first lawsuit regarding these protests to reach the U.S. Supreme Court, Garner v. Louisiana (1961).
He graduated magna cum laude and passed the bar exam on his first attempt in 1963.
Todd then secured a position at the solicitor's office in the U.S. Department of Labor in Washington, D.C., leaving that job in less than a year to train for the Judge Advocate General's Corps.
He practiced law while serving in the United States Army from 1964 to 1967.
That same year, he was appointed an assistant U.S. attorney in Chicago.
In 1968, he made history by filing the first federal criminal case against a Chicago police officer for violating an individual's civil rights.
According to United Press International, Todd's case was also the first indictment in the country against a law enforcement official under a

new civil rights amendment to the federal criminal code.
Chicago police officer Joseph Fine was accused of beating up Eldridge Gaston outside a South Side restaurant.
Gaston died as a result of his injuries.
Although the case ended in an acquittal, the indictment itself sent shockwaves through the Chicago Police Department and political establishment.
In 1969, Todd opened an office devoted to civil rights that became the country's first local U.S. attorney's civil rights office.
His next police brutality case would originate from a fight between black and white students at Chicago's Tilden High School, where police officers had allegedly beaten black students.
A newspaper photographer captured one incident, which showed Officer James J. Gorman standing over 16- year-old Roxanne Norfleet with his baton raised as she lay on the ground.
Todd got that case to trial, but it ended in 1971 with a hung jury, though 11 panel members favored conviction.
Tom Todd was admitted to many bars and courts, including the Supreme Court of Louisiana, the United States Court of Military Appeals, the Supreme Court of Illinois, and the United States Supreme Court.
He was a distinguished black lawyer in the U.S. attorney's office--standing tall, fighting for police brutality victims, challenging the status quo, and prosecuting police brutality cases at a time when the families of murdered Black Panther leaders Fred Hampton and Mark Clark had filed civil rights lawsuits against federal, state, and Chicago officials--a time when it was almost unheard of for a U.S. attorney's office to prosecute a police brutality case.
Todd received honorary doctorates from Grambling State University in 1987, Syracuse University in 1990, and Wilberforce University in 1993.
Between 1970 and 1974, Todd taught at Northwestern University School of Law, becoming the school's first full-time black law professor.
Genuinely interested in seeing young lawyers succeed, he was known to use a lot of anecdotes, legal stories, and significant cases in his teachings.
Todd was also known for helping to improve programs at historically black colleges in Louisiana, ensuring they were on par with other schools in the state.
Former Grambling State University President Joseph B. Johnson credits him for helping to secure $300 million in state funding that enhanced campus facilities and introduced graduate- level courses.
In the early 1980s, Todd became president of the local chapter of Operation Breadbasket and helped launch Operation PUSH, now known as the Rainbow PUSH Coalition.
He advocated for social change and economic empowerment.
When Harold Washington ran for mayor in 1983, Todd headed the campaign's speakers bureau and served as Washington's surrogate.
Because of his magnetism with audiences, he was often called on to warm up the crowd before Washington took the stage.