Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with immense pride and joy to recognize a significant milestone as the City of Passaic celebrates its 150th anniversary.
Since the city's incorporation in 1873, Passaic has evolved from a humble settlement into a vibrant and diverse urban center that stands as a beacon of progress.
This historic achievement is a testament to the resilience, growth, and community spirit that have defined the City of Passaic over the past century and a half.
The industrious spirit of Passaic's residents has been the driving force behind its success.
From the early days of fabric mills to the present, the people of Passaic have worked together to build a city that fosters innovation, economic prosperity, and cultural diversity.
Let us reflect on the rich history, enduring spirit, and remarkable growth as we commemorate the sesquicentennial anniversary of the City The Lenni-Lenape Native Americans are the earliest recorded inhabitants of the area situated in the City.
The LenniLenape were met by Hartman Michielsen Vreeland, a Dutch settler and trader, who purchased Dundee Island and Pulaski Park along the Passaic River on April 4, 1678.
The Dutch settlement expanded its land through further deeds and purchases over the next decade.
In 1693, the Dutch settlement incorporated as the Township of Acquackanonk as part of northern Essex County.
The Township of Acquackanonk was later moved to Passaic County after being formed in 1837 by combining parts of northern Essex County and western Bergen County.
In 1869 the Township of Acquackanonk officially changed its name to the City.
As the area experienced population and commercial growth, community members voted to incorporate as the City of Passaic in 1873.
Following the incorporation, the City of Passaic experienced an industrial boom fueled by immigration from European countries.
By the late 19th century, critical developments such as the construction of the Erie Railroad helped Passaic become an economic hub with flourishing manufacturing and commerce.
The city established a diverse economy with a thriving textile industry producing silk and cotton.
Today, there are nearly 70,000 residents that call the City of Passaic their home.
The city has a large immigrant population and is a melting pot evident through the array of multi-cultural businesses, restaurants, and community events.
Throughout Passaic's history, community leaders and residents played a key role in shaping Passaic into the exceptional city we celebrate today.
One of Passaic's most notable figures is Mayor Hector C. Lora.
His leadership and wisdom continue to guide the City of Passaic through all challenges, always emerging stronger.