Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleague, Congresswoman Barbara Lee and Congressman Mark DeSaulnier, to honor the life and legacy of Mayor Irma Anderson, a trailblazing leader within Contra Costa County and devout public servant.
Mayor Anderson, who passed away at the age of 93, leaves behind an indelible legacy as a mayor, nurse, and community advocate.
Born and raised in Boston, Mayor Anderson's passion for public service began at a young age.
After serving as Student Body President and Valedictorian of her high school, she became one of the first Black students to attend and graduate from Cornell School.
In 1959, Mayor Anderson moved to Richmond, California with her husband, Reverend Booker T. Anderson, Jr., beginning a lifelong residency in the Contra Costa County community.
Fueled by her passion for service and sincere belief in caring for those around her, Mayor Anderson worked diligently for the Contra Costa County Health Department for 20 years.
She eventually became the first Black Assistant Director and Director of Public Health Nursing in Contra Costa County, and her unwavering leadership undeniably improved her community.
Following her extensive career in public health, Mayor Anderson's commitment to service led her to run for Richmond City Council.
In 1993, she became the first Black woman to serve as a Richmond City Council Member.
After two successful terms on the Richmond City Council, Mayor Anderson made history yet again in 2001, when she became the first Black woman to be elected mayor of a major California city.
Mayor Anderson's career in public service was characterized by her spirit for advocacy and commitment to giving a voice to the unrepresented.
She developed a historic partnership with the West Contra Costa Unified School District, founding Kids!
First, which cultivates and expands after-school programs throughout Richmond.
In addition, she held the ``Richmond Rises Above Violence Conference,'' which galvanized Richmond's public health approach to violence prevention.
Subsequently, Richmond created an Office of Violence Prevention, later the Office of Neighborhood Safety, a nationally recognized violence intervention strategy.
Mayor Anderson's spirit of innovation was expressed both through her critical leadership and vital work as Metropolitan Transportation Committee Commissioner.
She spearheaded efforts to advance multiple bridge rehabilitation and expansion projects, helping ensure Contra Costa County's roads were safe and secure.
During her tenure as Mayor and Commissioner, Mayor Anderson presided over the transformation of downtown Richmond into a model of transit-oriented development.
Mayor Anderson will be remembered for her decades of service to Contra Costa County and her genuine spirit of kindness and compassion.
She impacted the lives of countless community members and her steadfast leadership, constant smile, and patient mentorship brought comfort to all who knew her.
Mayor Anderson's enduring spirit will live on in her son and the community she dedicated her life to serving.
We would like to extend our deepest sympathies to Mayor Anderson's loved ones.
We know they and the people of Contra Costa County will join us in celebrating her life and legacy.