Beverly Jean Davenport was born on April 30, 1929, in Detroit, Michigan, the second daughter of Lowell and Nellie Davenport.
Her father died when she was merely two years old, and her mother got remarried to a kindly neighbor man with whom she had two more children.
Raised in an evangelical household, Beverly's faith was a very important part of her life.
Beverly attended Bob Jones University in Greenville, South Carolina, where she met ministerial student Tim LaHaye, who was an Army Air Force veteran of WWII.
The two fell in love, and he was ready to propose marriage by Christmas break of their first year.
They married the following summer before returning to school, Not long after, they welcomed their first child, Linda, into their family.
After graduating, the young family moved to Minnetonka, Minnesota, where Tim pastored a small church, and together, they served the people of that community.
Their two sons, Larry and Lee, were born there.
In 1956, they relocated to San Diego, California, to begin their ministry at Scott Memorial Baptist Church.
Their youngest daughter, Lori, was born soon thereafter.
Throughout their ministry together, Beverly served as an integral part a secretary, Beverly stepped up to fill the role.
When the junior Sunday school department needed a director, the young pastor's wife met the need.
During that time of life, Beverly had the opportunity to hear from a well-known Christian speaker who taught on the importance of being fitted with the Holy Spirit.
She was introduced to the concept that walking in the Spirit meant full dependence on Christ, no matter what she was called to do.
She was challenged to commit an aspects of her life... her marriage, her parenting, her fears, and her insecurities, into the hands of her Savior.
This teaching changed her world.
God began to direct her steps to do more public ministry, including speaking at women's ministry events and working alongside her husband in his ministry to married couples through Family Life Seminars.
Additionally, she was challenged to write, and over the course of her life Beverly had written or co-written many books, including The SpiritControlled Woman, How to Develop Your Child's Temperament, and The Desires of a Woman's Heart.
Her books were one more way she could communicate God's truth to women on subjects that were increasingly coming under attack in the culture around her, namely womanhood, motherhood, and devotion to family.
In 1978, Beverly saw Barbara Walters' interview with Betty Friedan, the founder of the National Organization for Women.
While watching, Beverly was convicted that she must speak on behalf of millions of women who were not being represented by the feminist philosophy.
Friedan's purpose, according to LaHaye, was to promote homosexuality, abortion on demand, and thoroughly ``undermine the core of American culture: the family.''
God led Beverly to begin an organization that would provide a platform to advance conservative values in politics and policy.
Concerned Women for America was launched at a rally hosted by LaHaye in a local San Diego theatre.
CWA began as a local interest, but within two years, it had grown to become a national organization aimed at protecting and promoting Biblical and constitutional principles through prayer, education, and advocacy.
Believing that prayer was vital to the success of every endeavor, Beverly founded CWA on the principles of prayer and action.
CWA became a fast-growing grassroots organization of conservative women and men who were challenged and educated to pray for their country and its leaders, as well as to take action in their communities, states, and even at the national level.
In 1985, Beverly moved CWA headquarters from San Diego to Washington, D.C.
Both she and Tim believed this move was vital in order for CWA to have its greatest impact on the culture as the organization continued to expand.
Beverly's growing influence in the conservative movement, as well as Republicans holding a majority place in office, led to LaHaye's prominence during the presidencies of Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.
She regularly testified in congressional hearings, including Supreme Court nomination hearings for Antonin Scalia, Robert Bork, and Clarence Thomas.
Initially, 
Mrs. LaHaye jumped into the debate over the Equal Rights Amendment, helping lead the opposition to it as well as advocating for the life of the unborn.
As time went on, other vital family-oriented issues arose that demanded attention.
She led CWA to speak out on the protection of marriage, support for Israel, and more.
Additionally, God led Beverly to add a legal defense department to CWA's growing list of involvement as opportunities arose to be a voice on behalf of women and men embattled in the court in the areas of life, marriage, education, and freedom of religion.
During the 1980s, Beverly's heart of compassion led her to reach out to Nicaraguan families who were displaced by the communist regime in their country.
On numerous occasions,