Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a loving husband, outstanding father, proud grandfather, distinguished noncommissioned officer, dedicated public official, faithful servant of God, and friend of longstanding, The Honorable Clairmont Jerome ``Pops'' Barnes.
Sadly, Pops transitioned from labor to reward on April 14, 2024.
A public viewing was held on Wednesday April 23, 2024, at Taylor Funeral Home in Phenix City, Alabama, and a memorial service to celebrate his remarkable life was held on Thursday, April 25, 2024, at the Revelation Missionary Baptist Church in Columbus, Georgia.
The second oldest of five children, Clairmont Jerome Barnes was born on June 10, 1943, to the union of the late Pauline White and the late Eugene Barnes in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
He was reared by his grandmother, 
Ms. Mary J. White, a woman of great importance in his life, who significantly shaped his worldview and instilled within him the values of justice, compassion, and determination.
Pops began his life of service when he joined the Army National Guard and enlisted in the United States Army in 1977.
Demonstrating his adept leadership skills, he quickly rose through the ranks, ultimately retiring as a Master Sergeant in 1996.
Following his retirement from the Army, Pops decided to secure a second bachelor's degree and begin the next chapter of his professional career of service.
Desiring to use his time and skills to help those in need, Pops earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing from Columbus State University at the ripe young age of 57 and served countless patients as a registered nurse.
In 2004, Pops answered the call to run for public elective office.
He entered the race for the District 1 seat on the Columbus, Georgia Consolidated Government Council.
During the campaign, Pops took the time and effort to knock on every door in District 1, so that he could meet someone in every household he was running to represent and serve.
His efforts were rewarded and he was overwhelmingly elected Councilor for District 1.
Among his accomplishments for District 1 include reopening the Boxwood Park, Belvedere Park and Primus King Recreation center; leading the effort to hire 100 additional police officers, and opening a police precinct in the heart of District 1 to dramatically cut the city's crime rate.
Pops also demonstrated a steadfast passion in advocating for Veterans, seniors, and individuals with mental illness.
He restarted the Tri-City Veterans Day Parade in 2010; started a senior advocacy group to help seniors maintain their benefits, and periodically hosted the ``Focus on Health'' series from the studios of CCG-TV to provide health and wellness education to all citizens in the Chattahoochee Valley area.
He also launched a youth vocational training program entitled ``Opportunity to Get Ahead'' using his own funds; reformed the city's employment policy to allow the hiring of non-violent exoffenders; and consistently addressed right-of-way upkeep, drainage, street resurfacing, and pothole issues throughout District 1 on behalf In addition to his work as a City Councilor, Pops has been recognized for his community involvement and service with numerous social and civic organizations to include: American Legion; Disabled American Veterans Board; American Military Society Board; Red Cross Minority Recruitment Board; Concerned Citizens of South Columbus Board; and the Columbus Hospice Board.
Because of his dedicated commitment to these and other organizations he was the recipient of several awards to include the Family Caregiver Award (2016); the Living Legends Award (2018); the United States Postal Service Purple Heart Award (2019); the Distinguished Older Georgian Award (2020); New Horizons Behavioral Health Impact Award (2021); the Columbus State University (CSU) Legacy Award (2023); the Columbus State University Alumni Award (2023); and the River Valley Regional Commission Council Chairman Appreciation Award (2023).
It has been said that ``The true person of success is not the person that climbs the ladder of this life with both hands but who climbs with one hand and reaches back with the other.''
Pops always reached back to help others throughout his life and never shied away from an opportunity to improve the quality of life for those in his community.
On a personal note, Pops Barnes was always available and forthcoming regarding issues being considered by Congress.
He always gave me sound, wise and honest advice.
For that I will be forever grateful.
Pops Barnes accomplished much in his life but none of it would have been possible without the grace of God, the love and support of his wife, Jannie Mae Barnes; his devoted children, Cheryl, Clairmont, Simi, Mary, Robbi, Carla, Phydellis, and Bruce; thirteen grandchildren, and nineteen great-grandchildren.
But through their love, inspiration and support, Pops leaves a legacy that has made Columbus, our nation and the world better because he passed this way.