Ms. SLOTKIN.
Mr. Speaker, today I celebrate a remarkable milestone-- the 100th anniversary of the Howell Rotary Club--a century of selfless dedication to serving others.
Since its founding in 1924, the Howell Rotary Club has been a pillar of the community in Howell, the surrounding communities in Livingston County and across the state of Michigan.
Throughout its history, the Howell Rotary Club has truly embodied the Rotary's motto of ``Service Above Self,'' with its members playing a pivotal role in shaping the moral fabric of its community, fostering goodwill, peace, and understanding.
This vision is clear in the many Rotary Clubs that Howell Rotary has helped start throughout Livingston County, from Brighton Rotary in 1936 to M-36 Rotary in 2020.
Howell Rotary's legacy of community involvement is extensive.
In 1946, the Club provided the funding for the Howell High School football field, making it the first lighted football field in the state of Michigan.
The Club's commitment to supporting youth through education and forming international friendships is exemplified by the Club's foreign exchange student program.
In 1951, Howell Rotary hosted the first foreign exchange student in Livingston County.
Since then, Howell Rotary has sponsored these once-in-a-lifetime opportunities for both inbound and outbound students to learn about different cultures and build international understanding.
Since 1978, Howell Rotary Club has awarded scholarships to Howell High School graduates who demonstrate their passion for learning and community service to continue their educational journeys.
In 2001, Rotarians established the Howell High School Interact Club, which helps students develop leadership skills and connect with their peers and community through acts of service.
Howell Rotary Club has demonstrated its dedication to improving the lives of others through charitable endeavors like the OLHSA Walk for Warmth, completing Habitat for Humanity home building projects, and raising over $350,000 over a 13-year period for Livingston County United Way.
For 100 years, the Howell Rotary Club has lifted up its community through its enduring commitment to service, integrity, and leadership.
From its original 17 founding members to its hundreds since, it is my honor to celebrate Howell Rotary Club's 100th anniversary and recognize its members' contributions.