Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I rise to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Hill Top Bakery in Kaukauna.
For the past 100 years, the Hill Top Bakery in Kaukauna has provided exceptional customer service and delicious, daily made, old-fashioned baked goods for people throughout Wisconsin.
Originally a horse stable, their building on 7th and Main in Kaukauna was repurposed into a bakery and opened in 1923, where it still remains to this day.
To say baking runs in the family is an understatement.
Mark and Lynn Engel have owned and operated the location for nearly 30 years after they took it over from Lynn's parents, Harry and Diane Wirth, who ran the Bakery for the previous 26 years.
The family's commitment to outstanding service and quality products for more than 50 years has made Hill Top Bakery a staple in Northeast Wisconsin.
In addition to offering delicious baked goods for people throughout Northeast Wisconsin, Hill Top Bakery is known for its unwavering support of Kaukauna and the greater Fox Valley community.
The Bakery has donated goods to organizations like Project Purpose, a collaborative mural experience that centers around students in Special Education at Appleton East High School.
During Breast Cancer Awareness Month in October, the Bakery donates a portion of its proceeds to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
I commend the dedication and unwavering support that the Hill Top Bakery team has shown to our community.
100 years in operation is no small feat and at Hill Top Bakery they have the perfect recipe for success, incredible people, a Northeast Wisconsin work ethic, and generations of family recipes that have been acquired over the last century.
From their famous peanut squares to their cherry chip cookies, Hill Top Bakery provides top-notch baked goods to the people.
It is evident due to their continued success that the Hill Top Bakery is committed to providing homemade, authentic, and old-fashioned bakery items for people throughout Northeast Wisconsin, all the while making our community a better place.
I invite all members of this body to join me in celebrating the 100th anniversary.
I extend my sincerest congratulations to Mark and Lynn Engel and the entire Hill Top Bakery team on this remarkable milestone and wish them continued success for years to come.