Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to recognize Eden Housing, which will celebrate 55 years since it first opened its doors, on Friday, October 27, 2023.
Eden Housing provides dignified, affordable housing to residents across the state.
Eden Housing was founded in 1968 by community activists in Hayward, California.
Led by California State University, Hayward Professor Bill Vandenburgh, Eden Housing's mission is to provide safe, nondiscriminatory, affordable housing in Alameda County.
Following this mission, Eden Housing's first project was to rehabilitate six older homes in Oakland so that each family could keep making memories without sacrificing safety.
Eden Housing also develops high-quality housing communities for lowincome families, seniors, veterans, and persons with disabilities throughout my district, the wider Bay Area, and California.
Eden Housing properties ensure that residents receive supplemental resident and enrichment programs to support their well-being.
These services include wellness checks, physical education, and financial workshops.
Over the course of its history, Eden Housing has developed nearly 12,000 affordable housing units across 155 properties in California, with more than 100,000 residents calling Eden Housing properties home.
Since its inception, Eden Housing has also awarded over 620 scholarships to residents totaling more than $1 million in support of their academic and professional goals.
It has been my privilege to support Eden Housing's work by passing a direct appropriation of $1 million for the development of a veterans' park in Livermore.
Their hard work was also recently recognized by the Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial Institutions Fund award of $10 million.
In sum, Eden Housing is pivotal to improving California neighborhoods through nurturing relationships with residents and diverse community partners.
I am grateful for the 55 years of hard work that Eden Housing has undertaken to become a leader in the establishment of affordable housing in our state.
I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating Eden Housing's legacy and wish it many more productive years to come.