Mr. GARBARINO.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor a true Long Island ``power couple''--Kathleen and William Wisnewski--who are both retiring this year after distinguished multi-decade long careers at National Grid--the leading energy provider in my district.
Bill began his service at National Grid--then known as LILCO--in 1986 as a meter reader making $7.50 an hour.
A second-generation company employee, he put himself through night school and rose through the ranks as a gas and electric planner, field inspector, contractor supervisor, and finally field trainer, ensuring that future generations dedication he so diligently displayed over his long career.
Bill was also long active in IBEW Local 1049 at times serving as a shop steward and on the executive board, effectively representing his fellow employees through several acquisitions and successful contract negotiations.
Kathy started at the company in 1989 after graduating with a degree in business administration from Hofstra University.
Initially hired as an energy specialist in the conservation services department, Kathy climbed the corporate ladder at LILCO, Keyspan and now National Grid eventually ascending to Director of Customer and Community Relations for all.
In this position--and all throughout her career at National Grid--Kathy worked every day to strengthen communities across the island and help my constituents access the essential energy resources that power their lives.
There was no better example of this than Kathy's work in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy--a historic storm that devastated my district in 2012.
Kathy put in countless hours on behalf of National Grid customers, connecting them to critical disaster relief and working to restore their life sustaining energy service as safely and efficiently as possible.
For these efforts she was recognized by several municipalities and community organizations including the city of Long Beach and its Martin Luther King Center.
I also want to acknowledge Kathy's service on the boards of Girls Inc. and Vision Long Island.
Her leadership in these organizations dedicated to empowering young girls and building a more vibrant and livable community guarantees that her positive impact on Long Island will continue to be felt for decades to come.
For over thirty years, through overnights, weekends, holidays and countless storms--Kathy and Bill did their part to make sure the lights and heat came on when their neighbors needed it the most.
We thank them and thousands of National Grid employees just like them who work day-in and day-out to literally power our communities.
While this is certainly a loss for National Grid and my constituents, their well-earned retirement will allow them to spend more time with their daughters Jennifer and Bridget and dogs Harley and Winnie.
I am happy they are staying in Lindenhurst, the town they have called home since 1993 and wish them many years of smooth sailing as they captain their boat ``Club Wiz'' across the Great South Bay and along the South Shore communities in my district.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, please join me in congratulating William and Kathleen Wisnewski on this momentous occasion and thanking them for their years of dedicated service.