Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the life of David Nixon, who passed away on October 1, 2023, at the age of 64 after a courageous seven year battle with cancer.
Growing up in Roanoke, David and I first crossed paths in high school when we were on opposite sides of a political battle.
He went to Glenvar High School, and I went to Andrew Lewis High School.
Throughout the political debate to name the new high school in Salem, David always presented his views in a calm, honest manner.
I knew from that experience that I had met a man of honor.
I often think of the Abraham Lincoln quote when thinking of David, ``the best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.''
Instead of vilifying each other, we got to know each other and came to have deep respect for one another.
It is remarkable to me how much our lives mirrored one another.
After attending Roanoke College and Wake Forest University law school, he returned home to practice law, as I did to Salem after attending law school.
He served as Chairman of the Roanoke City Republican Committee while I was Chairman of the Salem Republican Committee.
I am thankful that he was a strong supporter of my many political campaigns over the years.
During his life he was appointed Escheator by Governor Allen for Roanoke City, 1994, for 23rd Judicial District, 2001.
He also served as Vice President of Legal Affairs, Blue Ridge Housing Development Corporation; Chairman, Roanoke City Fair Housing Board; and Member, Roanoke City Parks and Recreation Citizen Advisory Board.
A devout member of New Century Church in Roanoke, Virginia, David served many years as a volunteer greeter.
After being diagnosed with stage four cancer in 2016, David used his remaining years to grow closer to Christ, finding peace and joy in his diagnosis.
David is survived by his son Kirk Nixon (Darlene Smith) and granddaughter Ella Nixon; daughter Jessica (Nick Blandy), grandchildren Finn and Declan Blandy; siblings, Carolyn ``Kack'' Lynch, John, and Debbie Nixon; twin sister, Denise ``Cee'' and Alan Campbell; as well as many nieces, nephews,