This bill provides general whistleblower protections and anti-

retaliation measures and makes additional Occupational Safety and

Health Act (OSHA) retaliation provisions applicable to the legislative

branch.
This bill also provides subpoena authority to OCWR to conduct

inspections and investigations into OSHA violations.
It also provides

extended paid parental bereavement leave to legislative branch

employees.
This bill also furthers the CAA's goal of preventing workplace

discrimination in the legislative branch by prohibiting the legislative

branch from making adverse employment decisions based on an employee's

wage garnishment or involvement in bankruptcy proceedings pursuant to

the Consumer Credit Protection Act or Chapter 11 of the bankruptcy

code.
Finally, this bill bolsters the CAA's recordkeeping requirements.
It

applies to the legislative branch the obligation to maintain accurate

records of safety information and employee injuries, as otherwise

required by OSHA, as well as employee records necessary to administer

anti-discrimination laws.
This bill would help restore the public's trust in Congress by

redoubling our efforts to exercise leadership by example.
I urge

support for this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SUCCESS OF DOLLY PARTON'S IMAGINATION LIBRARY IN THE

STATE OF MISSOURI

HON.
EMANUEL CLEAVER

Mr. CLEAVER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate the

success of Dolly Parton's Imagination Library in the State of Missouri.
This new initiative increases literacy and education among our state's

youth and will foster an invaluable love of reading for our state's

precious youth.
I express my deepest gratitude to Dolly Parton and the

State of Missouri for bringing this program to the youngest

constituents in my district.
Dolly Parton's Imagination Library delivers books monthly to

children's homes from their birth until their fifth birthday.
For the

children and their families receiving the books, the program is

completely free.
In Missouri, this program thrives thanks to the

generosity of Dolly, nearly 60 affiliates and legislation passed by the

state to establish and administer Dolly Parton's Imagination Library

for all children in Missouri 0 to 5 years old.
In 1995, Dolly Parton--already an award-winning and chart-topping

artist--established an Imagination Library in her home county in

Tennessee, inspired by her father who could not read.
Since then, the

program boasts recipients from five countries around the world.
As of

this year, it has delivered over 250 million books to over 3 million

young children.
Dolly is an incredible philanthropist, and her record

international musical phenomenon.
We are thankful to have our very own

Imagination Library here to continue inspiring future generations of

leaders through literacy.
Though Dolly Parton's Imagination Library has been an ``Unlikely

Angel'' in helping our state advance early childhood literacy, the

establishment of the Missouri Imagination Library

ensures that in terms of having young children eager to read, there's

``More Where That Came From''.
I am grateful for Dolly Parton's

Imagination Library and promise to continue doing ``All I Can Do'' to

advance this noble cause--even if it means working past ``9 to 5''.
After all, there is little else more important than instilling a love

for reading within the minds of children.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in recognizing the

impact and service that Dolly Parton's Imagination Library will

continue to have in Missouri's Fifth Congressional District and the

rest of the ``Show-Me'' State.
I speak with the voice of Missouri's

entire Fifth Congressional District as we say a heartfelt ``thank you''

to Dolly Parton's Imagination Library as we celebrate and congratulate

them on all their current achievements and those to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WILKES-BARRE TOWNSHIP'S 250TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I wish to commemorate the 250th

anniversary of the Township of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a modern

metropolitan hub with roots in our Nation's Industrial Revolution.