Harrison Freer

was a community leader known for his dedication and commitment to each

endeavor he undertook.
Harrison served in the United States Air Force for 24 years, retiring

as a Colonel.
Following his distinguished military career, he began

working for Northrop Grumman Integrated Systems in 2000 as a Systems

Engineer and later served as the Director of Space and Intelligence

Systems.
A passionate pilot, Harrison owned a Pipistrel Alpha Trainer and was

a member of the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association.
He was also

active in the local chapter of the National Experimental Aircraft

Association and the Glens Falls Pilot Club.
Harrison's passion for aviation extended beyond his personal

interests, he worked with children at Warren County Airport through the

Experimental Aircraft Association's (EAA) Young Eagles flying program

where he inspired children's excitement about flying.
Additionally,

Harrison played a crucial role in the EAA's scholarship program,

increasing access to pilot training for many aspiring aviators.
Harrison's enthusiasm for teaching was evident in his work as an

instructor where he was most proud to teach his granddaughter how to

fly.
He was also an innovative advocate for electric planes pushing the

boundaries of sustainable aviation technology.
Harrison had been on the Queensbury Town Board since 2020, and his

contributions to his community and country are truly remarkable.
Harrison became the president of the Feeder Canal Alliance on July 1st

of this year.
His collaborative spirit and passion for environmental

preservation were always evident in his work.
Harrison Freer passed away on August 1st, leaving behind his wife

Tricia along with a legacy of service, leadership, and passion for the

skies.
His impact on his family, the community, and the field of

aviation, will be felt for generations to come.
On behalf of New York's

21st District, I am honored to recognize his extraordinary life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE CONGRESS LEADS BY EXAMPLE ACT OF 2024

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Congress Leads by

Example Act of 2024, which would apply to the legislative branch many

executive branch.
Congress should abide by the laws it imposes on

others.
In 1995, Congress passed the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995

(CAA), which applied 13 existing civil rights, labor and workplace

safety and health laws to the legislative branch.
In 2018, after

reports of sexual harassment in Congress and in light of the #MeToo

movement, Congress passed the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995

Reform Act (Reform Act), which changed the name of the Office of

Compliance to the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights (OCWR),

revised the process to resolve workplace claims and extended CAA

protections to unpaid staff, interns, and fellows.
It also made Members

harassment and retaliation laws.
The CAA and the Reform Act were important steps in making the

legislative branch accountable for its employment practices, but they

did not finish the job.
As noted, the CAA brought the legislative

branch under 13 existing civil rights, labor and workplace safety and

health laws but it omitted important substantive and procedural

protections.
In its three most recent Section 102(b) biennial reports

to Congress, OCWR identified additional federal workplace laws and

procedures that should apply to the legislative branch.
This bill takes

into account OCWR's recommendations, and seeks both to apply the

standard of fairness for employees of the legislative branch that

Congress requires for other employees and provide a safer work

environment for the legislative branch and visitors by bringing the

legislative branch obligations in line with the legal requirements for

the private sector and the executive branch.
This bill provides general whistleblower protections and anti-

retaliation measures and makes additional Occupational Safety and

Health Act (OSHA) retaliation provisions applicable to the legislative

branch.
This bill also provides subpoena authority to OCWR to conduct

inspections and investigations into OSHA violations.
It also provides

extended paid parental bereavement leave to legislative branch

employees.