George Francis Kelly was born on September 15, 1937.
He enlisted with

the U.S. Air Force on October 15, 1954, and served for four years until

his honorable discharge as an Airman, 2nd Class Personnel Specialist on

August 26, 1958.
George remained with the Reserves for another three

years until February 2, 1961.
He and his wife Shirley Nesbitt were

married on September 20, 1960, and together they had six children,

Timothy, Jacqueline, Edward, George Jr., Theresa, and Shannon.
George

worked independently as an electrician until he passed away on August

30, 1992.
The bravery and integrity of each of the Kelly Siblings serves as a

shining example of selflessness, camaraderie, and heroism.
On behalf of

New York's 21st Congressional District, I am honored to recognize their

extraordinary personal sacrifices.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LEGACY OF SERVICE OF CHARLIE COMPANY, 2ND BATTALION, 108TH

INFANTRY REGIMENT

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of

Charlie Company, 2nd Battalion, 108th Infantry Regiment, of the New

York Army National Guard.
Charlie Company's historic record began on April 27, 1898, when the

108th Infantry Regiment was constituted in the New York National Guard

as the 3d New York Volunteer Infantry.
The regiment was organized from

existing companies in Northern and Central New York.
The unit first

began federal service on May 17, 1898, at Camp Black, New York, serving

with distinction during the Spanish-American War.
On December 22, 1898,

the regiment was reorganized into the 1st Infantry Battalion in Niagara

Falls, the 2nd Infantry Battalion in Geneva, and the 3rd Infantry

Battalion in Oswego.
Charlie Company 2-108 served honorably in many of the defining

conflicts of the twentieth century.
During World War I, the regiment

was reorganized and redesignated on October 1, 1917, as the 108th

Infantry Regiment and assigned to the 27th Division.
The 108th Infantry

Regiment aided allied forces in the Somme Offensive in France and at

Ypres-Lys and Flanders Field in Belgium.
In World War II, Charlie

Company saw action throughout the Pacific Theater, fighting on the

Bismarck Archipelago, Leyte, Luzon, and across the Southern Philippines

and the Ryukyu Islands.
For their service in the Philippines, the

Company was awarded the Philippine Presidential Unit Citation in July

1945.
For many years, Charlie Company 2-108 has been deployed to critical

missions in the Middle East.
The unit was deployed to Iraq in 2004 as

part of the 1st Infantry Division and played a pivotal role in securing

the city of Samarra.
They were later recognized with the Valorous Unit

Award for their accomplishments.
In 2012, Charlie Company was deployed

to Afghanistan as part of Task Force Iron.
In 2024, Charlie Company

participated in African Lion, U.S. Africa Command's largest joint

exercise on the continent.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am proud to recognize the

distinguished service of the men and women of Charlie Company, 2nd

Battalion, 108th Infantry Regiment.
Their unwavering dedication to the

United States has forged a historic example of exceptional bravery and

reflects great credit upon themselves, the New York National Guard, and

the United States Army.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF HARRISON FREER

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Harrison Freer, the

Ward 2 Town of Queensbury Board Member, a retired Air Force Colonel and

pilot, community activist, and avid environmentalist.
Harrison Freer

was a community leader known for his dedication and commitment to each

endeavor he undertook.
Harrison served in the United States Air Force for 24 years, retiring

as a Colonel.
Following his distinguished military career, he began

working for Northrop Grumman Integrated Systems in 2000 as a Systems

Engineer and later served as the Director of Space and Intelligence

Systems.