His tenure as president of ORION and his work at Sandia National

Laboratories

showcased his brilliance and unwavering commitment to advancing

technology and science.
In 1985, Miguel's expertise and leadership were further recognized

when he was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to serve as a member

of the National Science Board for the National Science Foundation.
This

prestigious appointment underscored his significant contributions to

the scientific community and his influence on national science policy.
Beyond his professional accomplishments, Miguel's leadership at the

National Center for Genome Resources (NCGR) in Santa Fe, where he

served as Chairman of the Board and Interim President/CEO, was

transformative.
His work in bioinformatics and computational biology

has left an important mark on the field, contributing to advancements

that will benefit future generations.
I was privileged to work alongside Miguel on the National Genome

Resource Center, where his insights into the role of science in shaping

New Mexico's economy were invaluable.
His passion for both science and

community was truly inspiring, and I learned so much from him.
Miguel was not only a brilliant scientist and leader but also a

loving husband, father, and grandfather.
His deep love for his wife,

Maria Estela de Rios, is legendary.
I will always remember their smooth

dancing to the tango, the cumbia, and other mainstays of his Latino

cultural heritage.
His love for his family (familia)--Miguel III, the

late Benjamin Tomas, Eva Angelica, Magdalena Anastacia--and his

grandchildren was evident in all he did.
His family is in my thoughts and prayers.
May Miguel's spirit

continue to guide and watch over them.
His passing is a profound loss

not only to his family but also to the scientific community, to our

civic community, and to all who were fortunate enough to know him.
Miguel's legacy will continue to inspire all who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RETHINKING AMERICA'S NUCLEAR POSTURE: A QUESTION OF WHY

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to address the future of

our nuclear posture.
In 1985, Ronald Reagan and Gorbachev, two cold warriors at the head

of the world's largest nuclear arsenals, declared that nuclear war

cannot be won and must never be fought.
That declaration was regularly

repeated and reaffirmed by the leaders of all five Nuclear Weapon

States in 2022.
This recognition should be the start and end of every

conversation on nuclear weapons.
Nevertheless, nuclear powers, since the advent of the Cold War,

instead seem to have concluded that deterrence requires more nuclear

weapons of every kind than the adversary.
Today, because of this logic,

we find ourselves engaged in a three-way nuclear arms race with Russia,

China, and the U.S., each blaming the other for starting it and

continuing it.
Each nation, fearing an adversary may outflank them,

continues to build nuclear infrastructure: nuclear silos in China's

western deserts, nuclear weapons on satellites, and replacement ICBMs.
As each nation seeks to strengthen its own hand, on and on it goes . .
.
a constant buildup where a country asks, ``How can we build faster?''
or ``What can we target'' but ignores the most important question: Why?
Leadership requires the rigorous use of that three-letter word,

``Why.''
We must avoid blind adherence to yesterday's decisions.
In

today's discussion, that means asking what is sufficient for nuclear

deterrence.
Looking at past strategies and relying on past assumptions

isn't enough.
Old cold-war mentalities will create unacceptable costs,

rob us of alternatives, and place us in even greater danger.
Instead,

we must think boldly and not repeat the problems of our history.
With this in mind, I bring this question of ``why'' to us all.
I know full well that we face a hostile world with numerous

aggressive adversaries.
We also know that we are now engaged in a

nuclear arms race with China and Russia.
Other nations are also known

to have nuclear weapons, and others seek them.