Title: HONORING COLONEL ALAIN G. FISHER; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
134

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING COLONEL ALAIN G. FISHER

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Alain G.

Fisher, the sixty-third Commander of the Watervliet Arsenal.
Alain Fisher selflessly served his country through years of

distinguished service in our military, where he played a crucial role

in defending our Nation and protecting our interests around the world.
Alain enrolled in the Army Reserve Officer Training Corps Early

Commissioning Program at Kemper Military Junior College where he was

commissioned in 1998.
After graduating from the University of Central

Florida in 2000 with a Bachelor of Science in Liberal Studies, he

entered active duty as a Quartermaster Officer.
His first assignment

was with the 725th Main Support Battalion, 25th Infantry Division, at

Schofield Barracks, Hawaii.
There he served as a Supply Platoon Leader,

Battalion S1, and S4 until 2003.
Upon attending the Captain Logistics

Career Course at Fort Lee, Virginia COL Fisher served with the 19th

Theater Support Command G4 at Camp Henry in South Korea.
In 2005, he was reassigned to 7th Special Forces Group and served as

a Support Operation Plans Officer during Operation Enduring Freedom in

2006.
COL Fisher commanded the Service Detachment in the 1st Battalion,

7th Special Forces Group (Airborne), deploying again in support of

Operation Enduring Freedom in 2007 to Afghanistan.
He returned to the

7th Special Forces Group to serve as the Battalion Operations Officer

until 2008.
COL Fisher was reassigned to the Commonwealth of Virginia,

as the Quartermaster Captain's Assignments Officer and Future-Readiness

Officer.
After attending the Air Force Command and Staff College at Maxwell

Air Force Base, COL Fisher served with the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat

Team, 3rd Infantry Division at Fort Stewart, Georgia as the 703rd

Brigade Support Battalion's Executive Officer, Support Operations

Officer, and the 4th Infantry Brigade Combat Team's S4.
Fisher was then

assigned to the NATO Rapid Deployable Corps-Italy in Spoliate Olona,

Italy, serving as the Corps Information Knowledge Management Officer.
He has served as the 63rd commander of the Watervliet Arsenal in

Watervliet, New York since July 22, 2022.
For his distinguished and lengthy military service, COL Fisher was

awarded the Bronze Star Medal (with two bronze oak leaf clusters), the

Defense Meritorious Service Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal (with

silver oak leaf cluster), the Army Commendation Medal (with two bronze

oak leaf clusters), the Army Achievement medal (with three bronze oak

leaf clusters), the Combat Action Badge, Air Assault Badge, and the

Parachutist Badge.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am honored to recognize

Colonel Alain G. Fisher for his exceptional record of service to the

United States, and I wish him continued success as he continues his

military career at Fort Liberty in North Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KRIS BERTRAND-GLOMSKI

HON.
ANDRE CARSON

Mr. CARSON.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to commemorate a Hoosier who

has not only faced the adversity that afflicts the lives of soldiers

after service but has been able to overcome those obstacles.
The

culmination of Kris Bertrand-Glomski's experiences and perseverance has

guided her efforts to enact the change our military women and men

deserve to see in our community.
Kris first answered the call to serve her country in 1989 and served

in the Navy until 1993.
With a Bachelor of Social Work from Indiana

University, a Master of Science in Vocational Rehabilitation, and a

certificate in Mental Health Counseling from Butler University, she has

since put her expertise into providing steadfast support to the

Indianapolis veteran community.
Working at the federal and state levels, Kris has impacted the day-

to-day lives of others as a member of multiple organizations, such as

the Department of Veterans Affairs and most recently Indiana's Veteran

Service Office.