From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING WILKES-BARRE TOWNSHIP'S 250TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
MATT CARTWRIGHT

Mr. CARTWRIGHT.
Mr. Speaker, today I wish to commemorate the 250th

anniversary of the Township of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, a modern

metropolitan hub with roots in our Nation's Industrial Revolution.
I

have always been proud of the heritage and history of the 8th

Congressional District of Pennsylvania, which I have the privilege to

represent, and the story of Wilkes-Barre Township is one I'm eager to

share.
The Township of Wilkes-Barre, founded during America's Colonial Era,

originally extended from the Susquehanna River to the Lehigh River.
The

Native American inhabitants of the region sold to Connecticut settlers

rolling hills with endless forests, valley-wide vistas, and pristine

watersheds nestled between these two major waterways.
Officially incorporated in 1774, Wilkes-Barre Township was named for

two courageous Englishmen, John Wilkes and Colonel Isaac Barre, who

supported colonial America and fought for our country's independence

while serving in the British Parliament.
The Township's role in the 19th Century Industrial Boom began in

1849, when Moses Tammany left the shores of his beloved Ireland for a

better life that was promised in America.
Upon arrival in our region,

Moses acquired most of the land that is now Wilkes-Barre Township for

the sum of $12,000.
Not long thereafter, the largest anthracite coal

fields in the United States were discovered nearby, with coal companies

purchasing up major parcels of Tammany's land as it contained the

finest and purest anthracite coal deposits in the world.
Between the late 1800's and early 1900's, hundreds of thousands of

European immigrants flocked to Wilkes-Barre Township to work in the

mines, transforming the Wyoming Valley from an isolated farming area to

a major metropolis and fueling America's Industrial Revolution.
When coal mining waned in the 1930s, the region developed a highly

diversified manufacturing economy that includes glass, boilers, toys,

steel fabrications, airplane parts and electronics.
Today, Wilkes-Barre Township serves as a commercial destination for

Northeastern Pennsylvania thanks to the addition of the Mohegan Sun

Arena at Casey Plaza and several major shopping hubs, including the

Arena Hub Plaza, Wilkes-Barre Township Commons, and the Wilkes-Barre

Township Marketplace.
Throughout the past two-and-a-half centuries, the spirit of America

has truly been portrayed in Wilkes-Barre Township and the heart of

American history lies within.
I commend Mayor Carl Kuren and the citizens of Wilkes-Barre Township

for their commitment and hard work in organizing a grand

Semiquincentennial Celebration--250 years as a community and a township

is certainly a cause for celebration.
I also congratulate Wilkes-Barre Township for withstanding the tests

of time and for providing a welcoming community for friends, neighbors

and visitors.
Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I ask all Members

of the House of Representatives to join me in paying tribute to Wilkes-

Barre Township's 250th anniversary and wishing its residents many more

years of good fortune.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING DR.
MIGUEL RIOS, JR.
HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, with a heavy heart, I commemorate

the passing of a beloved force in New Mexico, Dr. Miguel Rios, Jr.

Miguel's life was a remarkable journey of dedication and achievement.
From his early days earning his Ph.D. in Experimental Nuclear Physics

at the University of Maryland to founding ORION International

Technologies, Inc. in Albuquerque, Miguel was a pioneer in his field.
His tenure as president of ORION and his work at Sandia National

Laboratories

showcased his brilliance and unwavering commitment to advancing

technology and science.
In 1985, Miguel's expertise and leadership were further recognized

when he was nominated by President Ronald Reagan to serve as a member

of the National Science Board for the National Science Foundation.
This

prestigious appointment underscored his significant contributions to

the scientific community and his influence on national science policy.