At 91 years young, he credits his longevity to ``staying

positive and volunteering.''
In his own words, ``It's never too late to

enjoy life and serve your fellow man.''
I'd like to thank Sandy Lauder for going above and beyond to serve

our North Texas community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CAREER OF JAMES BARTELLI

HON.
JOE COURTNEY

Mr. COURTNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate a

pillar of public service, James Bartelli of Waterford, Connecticut.
James is retiring this year as the Director of Utilities from the

Waterford Utility Commission after 39 years of dedicated service.
His

almost four decades of outstanding expertise and dedication to his

community will be sorely missed.
James's professional career has been defined by his service to the

community.
James began his journey with the Waterford Utility

Commission in 1985 when he started as a sewer maintainer and has worked

his way up from apprentice to director.
From a young age, James was

able to apply and develop his specialized knowledge and caring

disposition to a range of different positions with the Utility

Commission.
James has since remained a dutiful protector of his community in

Waterford, serving in many different capacities with the Waterford

Utility Commission.
Given his steadfastness, James was promoted several

times within the Utility Commission, quickly moving up the ranks.
He

spent more than 20 years as the Assistant Director, making changes for

staff and customers of the Waterford Utility Commission that enhanced

the community.
His valuable contributions to Waterford residents in all situations

were recognized time and time again and he achieved the position of

Director, a position he has dutifully held for the past two years.
James's dedication to his work is evident in his demonstrated

enthusiasm to jump into action in any scenario no matter how complex,

working through bad weather, budget crises, and anything in between.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent constituents like James

Bartelli.
James has been an exceptional public servant throughout his

life, and he is deserving of a relaxing retirement.
James's nearly 40

years of unwavering dedication to the Waterford community will leave a

legacy for years to come.
He will leave behind an expert skill set and

enthusiasm that will be hard to replace.
We can take solace in the

knowledge that James's tireless work will continue to be felt in

Waterford for decades to come.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues

join me in recognizing James Bartelli's immeasurable contributions and

congratulating him on his well-earned retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE KELLY FAMILY

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the United States

veterans and siblings of the Kelly family of Rensselaer County, New

York.
Mr. James A. Kelly and Mary Elsie MacArthur-Kelly were the parents of

twelve children, instilling in them a sense of pride and duty to their

Nation.
Seven of their children, sons James, Francis, William, Donald,

Charles, Robert, and George, each valiantly served in the United States

military.
James Kelly was born on June 8, 1921.
James enlisted in the U S. Army

Air Forces on December 28, 1939, and was serving at Naval Station Pearl

Harbor during the 1941 attack that instigated the U.S.' entry into

World War II.
He worked as a heavy automotive equipment operator.
Upon

his honorable discharge on June 9, 1945, James was awarded the American

Defense Service Medal with One Bronze Star, the American Service Medal,

and the Good Conduct Medal.
After his military service, James married

his wife Dorothy Levinoch on September 8, 1948, and together they had

one daughter, Janice.
James was privately employed as a milkman with

the Dairy League, a bus driver for United Traction, and a tractor

trailer driver for the St. Regis Paper Co.

Francis Kelly was born on May 30, 1923.