Kris first answered the call to serve her country in 1989 and served

in the Navy until 1993.
With a Bachelor of Social Work from Indiana

University, a Master of Science in Vocational Rehabilitation, and a

certificate in Mental Health Counseling from Butler University, she has

since put her expertise into providing steadfast support to the

Indianapolis veteran community.
Working at the federal and state levels, Kris has impacted the day-

to-day lives of others as a member of multiple organizations, such as

the Department of Veterans Affairs and most recently Indiana's Veteran

Service Office.
Seeking to bridge this important work across Indiana,

she established the Hoosier Women Veterans Program and was instrumental

in the passing of the Women Veterans Program bill.
Kris is a shining example of lifelong advocacy.
Her efforts to

provide resources for women veterans have garnered numerous accolades,

such as the Torchbearer Award and, more recently, the HUMANA

scholarship to continue learning how to best assist her fellow

veterans.
Often, women veterans tend to be underrecognized for their efforts

and impact.
Beginning with its namesake, the Sheila Corcoran Hoosier

Women Hero Award was created to highlight exemplary Hoosier women

veterans whose service to their community and Nation is unparalleled.
Therefore, it is with great pleasure to commend and uplift our Hoosier

women veterans who proudly, continuously serve our people, community,

and Nation.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Kris Bertrand-Glomski.
I thank her for her service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SEAMAN FIRST CLASS FRANCIS A. PICHE

HON.
ELISE M. STEFANIK

Ms. STEFANIK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Seaman First Class

Francis Alfred Piche, United States Navy veteran of World War II.
Francis Piche was born in Troy, New York, on May 12, 1927.
He was

raised and attended school in Troy until he enlisted in the United

States Navy on June 26, 1944, serving as Seaman First Class.
He was

stationed stateside in Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, and in

Long Island, New York, before the USS Oklahoma City was called into

action.
He served aboard the Cleveland-class light cruiser for

operations in support of the Okinawa campaign and continued action

against the Japanese islands.
At the end of hostilities, he was part of the patrol off the coast of

Japan and the subsequent occupation.
Upon returning to the United

States, Piche was honorably discharged in July 1946 and was awarded the

World War II Victory Medal, American Campaign Medal, Asiatic-Pacific

Campaign Medal with two bronze service stars, and the Navy Occupation

Service Medal for his service.
After leaving the Navy, Francis reentered civilian life and pursued a

career with the Ford Motor Company in Green Island, New York.
He worked

as a floor inspector for two decades before retiring in 1977.
During

his free time, Francis served as a communicant at St. Joseph's Church

and was a loyal member of the American Legion Legnard-Curtin Post 927.
Francis married his wife Audrey in 1946 and together they had six

children, Francis, Colleen, Laurie, Paul, Diane, and David.
He enjoyed

spending time with his family, which grew to include twenty-four

grandchildren and many great-grandchildren.
Francis' dedication and service to the United States is truly

remarkable.
On behalf of New York's 21st District, I am honored to

recognize his extraordinary life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING SOUTHLAKE FIRE CHIEF MIKE STARR

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate and honor a

remarkable leader, Fire Chief Mike Starr, who has dedicated 27 years of

his life to serving and protecting the citizens of Southlake, Texas.
In

1997, Starr joined the Southlake Fire Department, working as a

firefighter and paramedic.
As a result of his unwavering dedication and

commitment, he rose through the ranks, taking on the positions of

driver, engineer, and captain of operations.