Sohail Zaffer raped a child.
He received 42 months.
Manzoor Akhtar raped a child.
He was sentenced to four and a half years.
Ramin Bari was convicted of four rapes.
He got just nine years—just two years per rape.
These men were sentenced, but not punished.
Does the Justice Secretary think these sentences represent justice?
If she does not, like most people in this country, will she change the law so that rape gang perpetrators receive full life sentences?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that I cannot and will not comment on individual sentences.
I urge him to live up to the responsibility of being the shadow Lord Chancellor, because commenting in the way that he regularly does on individual sentencing decisions, stripped of context and without all the information, is wrong.
Those are independent decisions made by the independent judiciary in individual cases.
What steps she is taking to increase prison capacity.
We took immediate action to prevent the collapse of our prison system.
The last Government added just 500 places to our prison estate over 14 years, whereas the previous Labour Government added around 28,000 places over 13 years.
We intend to match the ambition of the last Labour Government, not the last Conservative Government, which is why we are committed to building 14,000 new prison places.
By the end of this Parliament, we will have more people in prison than at any time in our history.
Every week brings new concerns about crime in Bournemouth, and I will pick up this issue with the police and crime commissioner for my area in my Boscombe office on Friday.
Increasing prison spaces keeps dangerous people away from the public, and punishes serious crime.
Increasing prison spaces stops reoffending, and I thank Tim from Athelstan Road for his creative suggestions to achieve that, which I have forwarded to the relevant Minister.
Can the Minister outline the steps that he is taking to stop reoffending, especially where it applies to violent crime?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Public protection is our No. 1 priority, but we are also tackling reoffending, with proper programmes in place in prison.
We also need to support people when they come out of prison, and probation is part of that solution.
In the light of the pressure on prison places, what assessment has the Minister made of the Government’s early release scheme, under which nearly a quarter of those released reoffended again within just one year?
Does he believe that the criteria used to determine eligibility were fit for purpose, and will he share them with the House?
Due to the circumstances that this Government found when we came into office, we had no option but to introduce a temporary change to the law to allow prisoners serving an eligible standard determinate sentence to be released on licence.
This had many more constraints to it than the early release scheme operated by the previous Government, which was rushed out just before the election.
Actually, the data has not yet been published, so the right hon.
Gentleman will have to wait for that.
What steps she is taking to support probation officers.
Me again, Mr Speaker.
We are determined to back our hard-working probation staff by investing up to £700 million, which is a 45% increase in funding.
We have already exceeded this year’s target by recruiting over 1,000 trainees.
We will recruit another 1,300 more probation officers in 2025-26.
An effective Probation Service is crucial for the rehabilitation and resettlement of prisoners to reduce reoffending.
Although I welcome the number of new probation officers to be recruited, Napo reports that probation workloads are unmanageable, staff turnover and sickness are high, and probation officers are often managing cases belonging to colleagues, when evidence suggests that prisoners on licence are less likely to be recalled if they have had the same supervising officer from the day of their release.
Can the Minister please outline the steps being taken to address these issues, so that morale is improved and probation officers have sufficient time for and attention to give to individual cases?
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to ensure that prison officers have the time to do the job they came in to do, which is to spend time with offenders and turn their lives around.
In addition, we have invested an initial £8 million in technology and launched a new programme to develop a sustainable work process that will allow probation staff to focus on the work they joined the service to deliver.