Prison staff are facing record levels of violence and working in such a toxic environment that, according to the Rademaker review, workers are too afraid to raise complaints about bullying and harassment.
Does the Lord Chancellor therefore welcome today’s relaunch of the updated “Safe Inside” prisons charter by the Joint Unions in Prisons Alliance, a coalition of 10 trade unions representing the vast majority of prison staff?
If so, will she join us this evening to hear more about safer systems of working in prisons?
I believe the Prisons Minister may well be attending the event that the right hon.
Member mentioned.
I will happily pick that up in my regular conversations with trade union officials.
She is right to highlight the scale of violence across our prison system.
We are already taking measures, and I hope that the combination of sentencing reform and investment in our prisons will bring down the level of violence we are currently seeing.
What steps she is taking to tackle the backlog in the courts.
What steps she is taking to reduce pre-trial waiting times.
This Government inherited a record and rising courts backlog from the previous Tory Government across every jurisdiction.
Whether for a victim of crime, a parent, a business or an employee, backlogs mean waiting years for their day in court.
We have taken swift action to invest in our courts, and courts in every jurisdiction are sitting at or close to maximum judicial capacity.
We have announced record investment this year of £2.5 billion across all courts and tribunals, which will make a real difference to clear up the Tories’ mess.
In my constituency of Horsham, I have been asked to support a woman left in limbo regarding the trial of her ex-partner on a domestic abuse charge.
When she was finally given a date, the trial was pulled as a result of an administrative error as she sat waiting in the courtroom.
A new date was set for a whole year later.
She suffered emotional distress and had to take  time off work, which cost her £500.
She installed CCTV at her own expense and endured months of further intimidation.
Will the Minister undertake to set clear guidelines about maximum waiting times for trials to solve the problem now and in the future?
I am terribly sorry to hear about the case of the hon.
Member’s constituent, which exemplifies exactly why we are so determined to grip the backlog in our Crown courts.
That is also why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to recommend a once-in-a-generation reform to deliver swifter justice for victims such as the hon.
Member’s constituent.
Ultimately, getting the backlog down so that we can look her in the eyes and say, “We can deliver swifter justice,” will make the real difference.
I work closely with fantastic local businesses across Leeds North West, and I know they already have a lot to contend with, so I am concerned to see a pattern of crime on our high streets, from burglaries to other forms of vandalism, that leaves owners in Horsforth and Adel feeling unsafe.
At the same time, like most hon.
Members, I am very aware that the Government have inherited a significant backlog that undermines the sense that justice will be served.
How does the Minister plan to address that so the individuals responsible are dealt with and small business owners know that we are on their side?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
The impact of the Crown courts backlog is being felt by domestic abuse victims and small businesses, so we have a real job to do to restore confidence in our criminal justice system.
That is why we gripped the crisis by putting in place an extra 110,000 Crown court sitting days—a record number.
We understand, however, that we will need fundamental reform to address the backlog, and that is what we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to look at.
What steps her Department is taking to support the rehabilitation of people convicted of knife crime offences.
Halving knife crime is a moral mission for the Government.
Every young person caught with a knife is referred to a youth offending team, and Turnaround is very successful in diverting youngsters on the cusp of crime away from offending.
Alongside that, the Government will roll out prevention partnerships and Young Futures hubs.