All options are on the table.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service introduced a head of education, skills and work into every prison to ensure that, across the estate, a senior member of prison staff is responsible for improving the quality of education provision.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to Ofsted reports, but there has been an increase in the overall number of “good” ratings achieved through the inspections.
This is work in progress.
We need to do better, as she says, and that is what we are determined to do.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
It is a little over a year since this Government were elected, and ever since I have been clearing up the mess created by the previous Government, who left our prisons days from collapse.
I am ensuring that we can never run out of space again.
We have already opened around 2,500 new prison places, with the aim of creating 14,000 by 2031.
We have accepted most of David Gauke’s sentencing review, and I will increase funding for the Probation Service by up to £700 million.
In our courts, we are reversing 14 years of under-investment that left us with a record and rising courts backlog.
I have funded a record number of  Crown court sitting days—4,000 higher than the Conservatives managed—and Sir Brian Leveson will soon propose once-in-a-generation reform.
Make no mistake: unlike those on the Conservative Benches, I will do what it takes to bring down the backlog and deliver swifter justice for victims.
Under the SNP, the number of suspected criminals in Scotland being let off with a slap on the wrist has increased by 28% in a year, according to the latest data.
Now the Labour Government here seem to want to copy the SNP.
Why will the Labour Government not put victims first, instead of doing what they are doing now—letting dangerous criminals off with short and weak sentences?
What absolute nonsense.
Let me tell the House the definition of soft justice: it is what the Tory party did, building only 500 prison places in 14 years in office.
That is why we are in this mess and that is the mess that I am cleaning up.
Last month, a devastating report by Women’s Aid revealed that a total of 67 children have been killed over a 30-year period by a known domestically abusive parent, in circumstances related to the courts’ use of the principle of the presumption of contact.
Two of those children, Jack and Paul Sykes, are the sons of my formidable constituent, Claire Throssell.
All these deaths were preventable.
Will the Minister update the House on the progress of the Government’s review of the presumption of contact?
The killings of Jack and Paul were horrendous crimes and I would like to pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and to her constituent, Claire, for their tireless campaigning on these issues.
I am sure that she would agree that the guiding principle for any reform must be children’s welfare.
That is why we have requested a review of the presumption of contact.
We will be publishing findings and next steps very shortly.