In the year since Labour took office, can the Justice Secretary tell us how many individuals have been prosecuted for smuggling people in on small boats?
I do not have those figures directly to hand, but I am sure that if they are available, I can write to him with the details.
I asked the Justice Secretary a very simple question about one of the biggest challenges facing our country right now, and the whole House can see that she did not have a clue.
This is about not just the pathetically low levels of prosecutions under her watch, but the fact that she has waved through guidelines to shorten sentences for immigration offences.
Under the Nationality and Borders Act 2022, the most serious offence for facilitation carries a life sentence, but she is watering that down to between 10 and 16 years.
Instead of smashing the gangs, she is slashing the sentences.
Why will she not do something for once and stop this?
Honestly, the shadow Justice Secretary really ought to pay more attention to his day job—rather than to the job he is looking for, which the Conservative party might give him.
First, had he paid any attention, he would know that prosecutions do not fall to the Ministry of Justice; they are dealt with independently through the Crown Prosecution Service.
We will of course publish the statistics when we get them, and I will happily write to him with the details.
We are making sure that, across Government, we are taking all the action necessary to protect our borders.
He is misrepresenting what the immigration guidelines do; I have picked him up on that before.
I will happily write to him again, but maybe he could actually read them and learn something.
PeoplePlus has just won the contract for prison education in Scotland and England.
PeoplePlus was sold to Talent International, a subsidiary of swipejobs, in which US and Australian-based venture capital firm Clearsign Capital has a 40% stake, according to the University and College Union.
Can the Minister explain why venture capitalists are making money out of educating British prisoners?
My hon.
Friend asks a good question.
In England, prison education contracts are awarded following a rigorous commercial process that awards providers on merit.
I understand that PeoplePlus has been awarded education contracts for Scottish prisons, but that would be a matter for the Scottish Government.
I wish to raise the case of my constituent whose 89-year-old father was subject to serious abuse through a lasting power of attorney.
It took two years and significant legal costs to get the power of attorney removed through the Court of Protection.
The father tragically died, homeless and penniless.
Does the Minister believe that the current LPA protections are sufficient to prevent such abuse, and will the Government consider an urgent review and reform of the system?
I am very sorry to hear about the case of the hon.
Member’s constituent.
We need to put this into some context.
As of March 2024, over 8 million lasting powers of attorney were registered in England and Wales.
They are a really useful instrument.
Although concerns about misuse do exist, the sort of abuse that the hon.
Member highlights is, in context, rare.
The Office of the Public Guardian investigated around 2,500 cases last year.
We are looking to strengthen safeguards and add more identify checks as part of a modernised service.
Lasting power of attorney is a really important tool, and we do not want to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
During my recent visit to Pennine Domestic Abuse Partnership in Huddersfield I heard about how long delays between CPS charges and trial dates leave abuse victims in limbo.
The delays not only retraumatise victims but put a huge strain on support services that provide long-term care, so I join colleagues in asking the Government to reduce the delays as soon as possible so that victims of domestic abuse can access justice swiftly.
My hon.
Friend outlines exactly why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to conduct a review into the criminal courts; the ambition is to reduce the length of time victims have to wait for justice.
We are expecting the recommendations of that review shortly.
We are supporting victims by funding key support services to make sure that victims continue to be engaged with our criminal justice system, and we are expanding the use of specialist domestic abuse courts, where trained staff can support victims directly.
I recently  met Ruby Hamill—a young activist who nearly died in a Government-run prison when her severe eating disorder was ignored.
Ruby is not a constituent; she wanted to talk to me because I chair the eating disorders all-party parliamentary group.
Will the Minister meet me and Ruby’s family to ensure that there are eating disorder guidelines in all prisons, and that the guidelines are appropriate and implemented across all prison healthcare providers?
I am sorry to hear of the case that the hon.
Member outlines, and I would be very happy to meet her to explore the issue further.
In a recent report, the Victims Commissioner said that she feared that the delay in victims getting justice “will drive some victims to give up on seeking justice altogether—a second injustice compounding the first.”
This is completely unacceptable, and at Ipswich Crown court the backlog of open cases has more than doubled since 2016.
What are Ministers doing to reverse the harm inflicted by the Conservatives not only on the justice system itself but on victims’ confidence that justice will be served at all?
My hon.
Friend is right that we are seeing an increase in the number of victims pulling out of the process because they no longer have confidence in it because it is taking so long.
We have funded an additional 4,000 sitting days this year and have asked Sir Brian Leveson to recommend once-in-a-generation reform precisely so that we can deliver swifter justice for victims.
The hon.
Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Dr Tidball) raised the issue of the presumption of contact.
I have a constituency case where one parent has abused their children and the other parent has had to pay for the supervision of those children.
The presumption of contact is not working in cases where domestic abuse has happened, so I echo the calls from the hon.
Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge for an urgent review of it.
The hon.
Member will know that a staggering 60% of cases that go through our family courts involve some form of domestic abuse or allegation thereof.
That is why consideration of the operation of the presumption of contact and wider consideration of domestic abuse allegations in our family courts are so important.
It is why officials and Ministers are taking the process really seriously.
Derbyshire Victim Services does really important work supporting victims, including those who have experienced sexual assault and domestic violence, but given the court backlog inherited from the Conservative Government, the service has told me that many of the victims are in need of support for longer, with many having complex needs that public services can struggle to meet.
What steps is the Department taking to help support services to provide support to victims with complex needs that are exacerbated when justice is delayed?
I place on record my thanks to all the brilliant victim support services that do tremendous work in incredibly difficult circumstances to ensure that victims get the support they need to stay engaged with the criminal justice system.
We have protected dedicated Ministry of Justice spending on victims of violence against women and girls by maintaining the 2024-25 funding levels, ringfenced sexual violence and domestic abuse support for this year, and commissioned a 24/7 rape and sexual abuse support line, providing victims and survivors with access to vital help and information whenever they need it.
We are carefully considering how best to allocate the current budget from the spending review to look specifically at VAWG alongside other departmental priorities.
My  constituent Andy from Offerton often plays a caring role for his adult son, as his son has serious mental ill health.
During his son’s recent stay in prison, Andy struggled to get quality information from the prison about his son’s health situation and living conditions.
What more will the Government do to ensure that parent carers such as Andy get the information they need and deserve during a child’s stay in prison?
The hon.
Lady is right: it is important that parent carers get the information they need that helps with rehabilitation and getting things to the right place.
If she wants to write to me about that particular case, I will look into it and write back to her.
Survive is a York-based charity providing specialist services and trauma-specific interventions to survivors of sexual violence and abuse.
However, it has had to close its waiting list because it does not have the capacity to meet the demand.
Will the Minister look at providing additional funding, so that we can get those vital services to survivors and victims now and they do not have to wait?
My hon.
Friend has contacted me and written to me on this issue.
She will know that we in the Department are looking at the spending allocations following the spending review.
However, we have protected and ringfenced special support for sexual violence victims, because we know that there is huge demand coming through the system and we need to keep those victims engaged in the criminal justice system to ensure they get their day in court and justice is served.
I read a recent BBC article about an asylum seeker who had violently raped a teenage girl.
He has been convicted and given a sentence of nine years in  prison, followed by three years on licence, after which he will need to be deported.
I am concerned that such individuals, during their period on licence, pose a risk to British women and girls.
Does the Lord Chancellor agree, and will she ensure that people go straight from prison to deportation where appropriate?