All options are always under review, but as I have said, performance under that contract is improving.
The Prisons Minister in the other place is gripping this issue, and we will get to where we need to get to.
What steps she is taking to help provide access to legal aid to people in rural areas.
People must be able to access legal aid, regardless of where in the country they live, and this Government have made substantial new investments.
On the civil side, in housing and immigration, we have announced uplifts worth £20 million; in respect of criminal law, criminal legal aid solicitors will receive an additional £92 million a year.
The Legal Aid Agency works hard to ensure that the supply of, and access to, legal aid is secured across the whole of England and Wales.
From the lack of a rural crime strategy to reduced access to legal aid, our rural communities are being left behind.
In Harpenden, one farm alone has reported 56 fly-tipping incidents in five years, with the injustice that the most recent incident is costing the farmer around £40,000.
Proper legal support for victims of rural crime could make a world of difference, so how are the Government ensuring fair access for our rural communities, including face-to-face legal aid support?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right that we need to ensure access to legal aid for those who live in rural areas.
The Legal Aid Agency was satisfied that legal aid services across all categories are adequate in her constituency of Harpenden and Berkhamsted.
Digital technology is transforming access to justice through remote consultations and Government-funded websites, such as Advicenow.
I encourage her constituents to access legal aid through those means, as well as through local providers.
What progress she has made on reviewing terms and conditions of service for prison officers.
I pay tribute to the essential work that our prison officers do, day in, day out.
This year’s pay award delivered another real-terms pay rise for our frontline prison staff.
We are committed to effective training and development of existing staff, as delivered through the Enable programme, alongside the provision of extensive wellbeing services.
I was in correspondence with the Minister of State for Prisons, Probation and Reducing Reoffending last October, but he sits in the other place.
In January, I was advised by the Minister in this place that the Secretary of State was awaiting advice about the range of terms and conditions issues for prison officers.
I was also advised later in the spring, again from the Dispatch Box, that it was right that the situation was being “kept under review”.
I thank the Minister for the thoughtful and sincere way in which he has engaged with me in recent months, but given that I have been asking about this issue for nine months, can he provide an update today on progress with the advice, and on exactly what is being reviewed?
The hon.
Member and I had a useful meeting a short time ago to explore all these issues, and I can reaffirm that the Lord Chancellor and the Department are fully engaged with the Prison Officers Association on this and other issues.