There has been a spate of attacks on prison officers in recent months by Islamist terrorists.
One study even revealed that terrorists inside prisons are teaching organised criminals how to make bombs.
It has got so bad that former governors believe that the threat posed to frontline staff by radicalised Islamists is now intolerable.
Can the Minister tell us what his assessment is of the threat from Islamist gangs, and what on earth he is doing about it?
We are working hard to enhance security and ease crowding in order to curb violence, including through a new £40 million investment to stop contraband, which puts our hard-working staff at risk.
Assaults on staff and the other issues that the right hon.
Gentleman mentions are unacceptable.
That is why we are firmly and securely taking action.
We are mandating the use of protective body armour in the highest-risk units and on the long-term high-security estate, which hold some of the most dangerous prisoners.
We are taking action, while the previous Government failed.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of lowering the pension age of prison officers on prison officer morale.
Prison officers benefit from the civil service pension scheme, which offers excellent public sector terms, low employee contributions and a 28.97% employer contribution, but we recognise that pension age is an important issue for prison officers.
That is why we are fully engaged with the unions on this issue.
The last Government hiked up prison officers’ pension age to 68, and then walked away from negotiations that were set up to partially reverse that unfair and unrealistic policy.
This devastated morale, which is now worse than ever, especially with violence against staff at record highs.
Are this Government prepared to do what it takes and clean up yet another Tory prisons mess?
Will Ministers finally get back around the table with the Prison Officers Association to negotiate a fair pensions deal for its members?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point to the fact that this is yet another Tory mess that we have inherited.
As I have said, we value the work of the POA, and we recognise the significant work of prison officers and the strength of feeling on this issue.
We will continue to engage with the POA and others to try to find the best way forward.
There is a problem in our prisons across the United Kingdom.
It is a two-spectrum problem, in that there is an increase in turnover, with prison officers leaving  early, while the problem of the pension continues.
Can the Minister increase the intensity of discussions with the POA to try to reach a more satisfactory outcome to which the Department and the prison officers concerned are amenable?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a fair point.
We need to make progress on this issue, and we are determined to do so.
What steps she is taking to support victims of violence against women through the criminal justice system.
We are funding police support services such as independent sexual advisers and domestic abuse advisers.
We have launched domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas, and, as recommended by the sentencing review, we are exploring the possibility of expanding the use of domestic abuse specialist courts.
We have asked Sir Brian Leveson to conduct a review of our criminal courts with the ambition of reducing the time for which victims wait for justice.
A woman from Winchester wrote to me saying: “It feels as though every department that should have protected us has instead failed us”.
After years of high-risk domestic abuse, she went through a CID investigation to prove that she needed financial separation, but the police missed the Crown Prosecution Service investigation deadline and no charges were brought.
She is now unable to secure child maintenance.
Her abuser remains in financial control, which is effectively enabled by Government systems.
What discussions is the Minister having with colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to ensure that perpetrators of domestic abuse can no longer use financial systems to maintain power and control over their victims?
The hon.
Member has made the important point that this is not just a criminal justice problem to be solved, but a problem for every single Department.
That is why we have a cross-Government strategy on tackling violence against women and girls, which includes economic abuse.
Along with the Safeguarding Minister, I regularly meet Treasury and DWP colleagues in order to get to grips with the problem, and we will publish our strategy in the coming months.