I have a constituent who is a survivor of violent economic abuse, which has involved her abuser occupying one of her properties without consent and vandalising it with mounds of human excrement, rendering it unrentable at huge financial costs.
The photographs are disgusting.
Delays in civil court proceedings have forced my constituent to live with this for nearly three years.
What steps can the Government take both to support survivors who are  living in this kind of hell and to speed up the legal proceedings that are currently preventing my constituent from being free once again?
Will the hon.
Gentleman please pass on my sincere thoughts to his constituent?
That is a horrific situation that no one should have to face.
The hon.
Member will be aware of our manifesto commitment to look at co-habiting couples’ rights to ensure that victims, survivors and every party have equal access to these rights.
We are currently developing that policy work, as well as working across Government with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, the Treasury and DWP to look at how we can tackle all elements of violence against women and girls, including economic abuse, and I will happily update him on those discussions in due course.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of grooming gangs through the court system.
The sexual exploitation and rape of children by grooming gangs is one of the darkest moments in this country’s recent history.
In the Crime and Policing Bill, we have made grooming a statutory aggravating factor in sentencing for child sexual offences, and we have accepted all of Baroness Casey’s recommendations, including changing the criminal law to ensure that adults who penetrate children under 16 are charged with rape.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her response.
Thousands of children across the UK have been abused by grooming gangs, yet charities still warn of victim blaming by police and those in authority.
We should be clear that the problem is not children; it is those who prey on them.
What are the Government doing to ensure that victims are properly supported and receive the justice they deserve?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important point that was picked up by the Casey report, all the recommendations of which the Government have accepted, and I have no doubt that the national inquiry will be very cognisant of the issues that he raises.
Through the Criminal Justice Board, we will ensure that every part of the criminal justice system, from policing right through to prisons, probation and courts, is aware of how we deal with victims: with fairness and justice.