Order.
Just to help everybody, the hon.
Gentleman is meant to go through the Chair, but he was looking at the Secretary of State.
As good looking as the Secretary of State is, it is easier if the hon.
Gentleman speaks to me, and then I can pick up what he says.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker—and you, too, if I may say so.
[Laughter.]
I congratulate my hon.
Friend, but particularly the Fairwater community campus on the work it is doing.
I think he highlights a very important issue.
By helping to decarbonise public buildings, including schools, we help not only to cut our carbon emissions, but, crucially, to save money for those schools that they can then use for frontline services.
The previous Secretary of State commissioned the Department to produce a full economic costing for getting to a fully decarbonised renewables-based grid by 2030, as the Secretary of State wants.
That is obviously the sort of information that should be placed before the House so that we can have an informed discussion.
It may be a good thing to do, but we should obviously know what the cost is.
When will the Secretary of State publish that information?
Of course, that work is ongoing—in fact, I think the right hon.
Lady the shadow Secretary of State has written me a letter about it—and we will be announcing our plans in due course.
In my constituency, two major offshore wind farms are currently being developed: Morgan and Morecambe.
I recently met nearly 100 farmers who will be directly affected by the cabling corridor and the substation plans for the cabling route to connect to Penwortham.
I am working with  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Fleetwood (Lorraine Beavers)  on a potentially better route through her constituency, which would mean a major economic development revitalising an industrial area that has been looking for a major energy project for some time.
We are jointly writing to the Secretary of State, and may I ask if he would commit to working with us on at least assessing that potentially alternative route for the cabling corridor?
The hon.
Gentleman—and he knows this—will obviously want to stand up for what he sees as the best benefits for his constituency.
I will be cautious about what I say, because there are proper procedures for planning decisions, including my quasi-judicial role.
I will make this general point to the House, because I  think this may well be a recurring theme during questions, but if we want to get off the dangerous exposure to international fossil fuel markets, which we were left with by the last Government, we need to build the grid.
Every solar panel we put up, every wind turbine we put up and every piece of grid we build will help to deliver energy security for the British people.