Batteries will play an important part in the short-duration storage required for the energy system we are building for the future.
It is a question of balance.
Communities will be engaged in the consultation process, and I will be convening a roundtable with providers of battery technology and other short-duration storage in the next few months to learn both from projects that have worked well and from projects on which we could do better in future.
I will happily share any information from that with my hon.
Friend.
Will the Secretary of State commit to ensuring that large energy suppliers work with community energy organisations to generate and sell electricity locally at discounted rates, and provide fair community benefits, as proposed by the Liberal Democrats?
The hon.
Lady raises the important issue that, as a country, we are massively underpowered on community energy.
As part of the GB Energy local power plan we will be trying to change that, learning from countries such as Germany and Denmark, which do much better than us.
We will certainly look at the issues she raises.
The clean power by 2030 mission shows the clear intention of this Government to get on with the just transition.
Energy workers in Falkirk, Grangemouth and across the central belt are rightly concerned about jobs.
Between 2013 and 2023, under the previous Government, jobs in the UK oil and gas sector halved.
Unfortunately, some of the Opposition parties have opposed the stream of funding for clean infrastructure and jobs of the future that will come from an increase in the energy profits levy on the record profits of oil and gas giants.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is time Opposition parties started putting their own plans forward on how they would get on with the just transition and deliver clean energy jobs at a critical time for workers and the climate?
My hon.
Friend raises the important issue that what will define the future for North sea workers is whether there is a plan for future jobs in offshore wind, carbon capture and hydrogen.
There was no plan from the previous Government; this Government are absolutely determined to ensure a just transition for those workers, using the power of Government and a proper industrial policy to make it happen.
On petrol prices, for the past 11 years the Government froze fuel duty; they cut it in 2002 and then froze it again.
The Government instructed the Competition and Markets Authority to carry out a review, and we  came up with the pumpwatch scheme.
A consultation was undertaken in January, but when I wrote to the Government in September to ask about its results, they said they were looking at it and would consider it in due course.
Is the scheme a priority for the Government?
If not, in what other ways will they ensure petrol prices are kept low at the pump?
Are they going to freeze fuel duty?
I will not comment on the Budget, obviously.
We are very sympathetic to pumpwatch—it is important that there is a fair deal for consumers at the pump.
Exeter city council has worked hard to install solar panels on council homes to ensure that social tenants can benefit from lower bills and participate in the green transition.
Can the Minister set out what more we can do to ensure that all tenants benefit from new green technologies?
My hon.
Friend raises such an important issue.
Across the House, we can have different views on ground-mounted solar, but we need to do more on rooftops and to ensure that tenants, for example council tenants, benefit from such technologies.
That is a huge priority for us and we are working on it with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Scottish Government regarding the major planning application for an offshore wind farm between Scotland and Northern Ireland, which may well have significant implications for the Giant’s Causeway world heritage site?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that I have to be careful in what I say about planning issues, but he should rest assured that I have frequent conversations with my counterpart in the Scottish Government and, no doubt, that is one issue we will be discussing.
Warwick and Leamington must be one of the sunniest places in the United Kingdom given the flurry of applications we have had for solar farms.
There is a “loss of amenity” caused by one application, but if that community were prepared to welcome onshore wind turbines, of which we have none in Warwickshire, rather than a solar farm, would the Secretary of State or the Minister agree to support that?
Will they meet me to discuss the issue?
Every planning application and development consent order is assessed on its merits.
Importantly, the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Streatham and Croydon North (Steve Reed) , is polishing a land use framework, which has long been needed in this country.
It will set out the balance between food security, the use of renewable energy, the restoration of nature and the role of farming.
I hope that will help with some of the issues that hon.
Members are facing.