My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As things stand, those who get the continuity of education allowance would be hit, in part, by the tax.
In the calculus that my right hon.
Friend rightly asks the Government to publish, can we include the foreign receipts that the independent sector generates?
The roll of a school in my constituency includes a very large number of children from overseas whose parents pay directly into the UK economy.
That school is now under threat.
The loss of that revenue will be substantial, and the local impact huge.
May we have that factored in, given that, so far, we have not seen any figures on the loss of money and reputation that the closure of many such schools will entail?
My right hon.
Friend is correct: substantial export earnings come from the sector, and from a globally mobile set of families.
But I would go further; in addition to the direct export earnings effect, there is also an indirect effect.
For companies deciding where to site their European headquarters, English education is a big factor.
That is partly because of our brilliant state schools, which have improved so much over the past 14 years, but the availability of independent schools is also a factor.
The shadow Secretary of State makes a strong point about the sanctity of zero-rating VAT for education.
I am concerned that children’s clothes, which are currently exempt from VAT, may be the next target.
Notwithstanding the impact that the change to VAT will have on individual families, does he agree that private and prep schools—my constituency has five—are enormous employers of people involved in building maintenance, such as electricians and plumbers, and that the impact on the wider economy could well be profound?
Order.
I remind Members to look towards the Chair when they are speaking, or what they say will not be picked up by the mics; I then struggle to hear them.
I know that the Minister was struggling as well.
If Members keep the chatter down, it will help us both.
My right hon.
Friend is of course correct about the economic contribution that schools make locally and the large numbers of people they employ.
That point was also made by NASUWT, which is worried about teachers being inadvertently pushed out of the profession if redundancies are made mid-way through the school year.
My youngsters have had a mix of excellent learning, including in nursery and in state education, as have youngsters in many families.
I have a personal and constituency interest in wanting all education settings to thrive, so I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
The economic and employment impact of this new tax will be devastating for bus drivers and maintenance teams.
It will impact on so many livelihoods and communities.
The people picking up the unknown impact will be  in the state sector.
The policy will just deliver more of the unknown.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
rose— I will take one more intervention before making progress, so as not to try your patience too much, Mr Speaker.
It is not that my patience is being tested, but I do worry when shadow Secretaries of States cover a subject at length.
I understand, but we need to get on, because lots of Back Benchers are desperate to get in.
In fact, we have a very eager Opposition Whip coming in now.
You will find out, Mr Speaker, that I will not test your patience.
I want to take my right hon.
Friend back to the point he made about the Education Secretary’s tweet, which I thought was disgraceful.
[Hon.
Members: “Where is she?”
] The divisive language behind that tweet was a disgrace, given the many independent schools that work hard and play by the rules.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the embossed notepaper that the Secretary of State focused on is sent to many children who are being sponsored through bursaries or scholarships, and whose parents work hard to give their children the best education?
The Education Secretary should apologise for that disgraceful tweet.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who, as ever, makes important points.
I too am disappointed that the Education Secretary is not with us for this important debate.
I will make progress, Mr Speaker, because I do not want to go on longer than I should.
To be clear, we want to talk first and foremost not about revenue, but about education, schools and children—all children.
[Interruption.]
No, I have been talking about schools and children throughout.
If the Government insist on ploughing on with this divisive policy, they must at least exempt certain groups of children for whom it would be especially unjust or counterproductive to impose this tax.
Surely, schools that charge the same as, or even less than, the average cost of a school place were not in the Government’s sights when they devised this scheme.
There are small religious groups that have no state sector provision for their denomination.
Why should they be disadvantaged?
The continuity of education allowance exists expressly to support families who are serving our nation in the armed forces.
Surely they should be protected.
The Government acknowledge the role of centres of advanced training and performing arts schools that come under the music and dance scheme, because, again, there is no equivalent specialist schooling available in the state sector.
Then there are the many children who receive special educational needs support, including those with an education, health and care plan, whether or not they are at the school named in the plan, and those children who are applying for a plan.
rose— I ask my hon.
Friend to forgive me, as I must make progress.
As for children whose parents are priced out of a school, or face its closure, disruption to learning can be difficult at any time, but it is even more problematic when pupils have started a public examination course.
Their next school might not even offer the subjects that they were taking, or the exams might not be marked by the same exam board.
We need to think about those children.
The tax levy should be postponed until pupils who are now in years 10 or 11, or in the lower and upper sixth form, have finished their exams—until 2025 or 2026.
The widest impact of all will be felt by state schools.
Ministers have said repeatedly that there is no problem because there are plenty of spaces in state schools.
We have repeatedly pointed out that that is of no help at all if those places are in the wrong places or the wrong year groups.
They need to be where and for whom they are required.
State schools in my constituency are bursting at the seams.
There are no spare spaces to move into for the more than 1,000 children being educated in independent schools there.
The fees charged by those independent schools are a quarter to half of the cost of state school provision per pupil.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
In Buckinghamshire, we do not have the places.
We have a lot of children in special education needs and disabilities schools, faith schools and other private schools.
We cannot cope with the capacity loss.
We have parents who are sacrificing everything to send their child to a SEND school.
There is no provision in the county for them.
The policy will result in a crisis  of transportation and places, and children will suffer as a result.
I am grateful to both my hon.
Friend and  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  for their interventions.
Indeed, there are many places, particularly at secondary school level, where there are insufficient spaces available to accommodate a significant minority being displaced from independent schools—places such as Bristol and Bedford, Salford and Richmond, Worcester and Wycombe, and Bury North and Bolton North East.
Let us be clear: local authorities have a duty to find spaces for children.
They take that duty very seriously, and a number of them are considerably worried about what may happen.
In-year admissions can be especially complicated in any case: they can involve not only governors but the fair access protocol panel and, ultimately, a Secretary of State direction, all of which can add up to months out of school.
Creating additional physical space in schools obviously takes time, and building new schools takes longer still.
Time is needed to adjust, which is why our motion further calls on the Government to “postpone imposition of the VAT charge for schools in areas where state schools in the relevant key stage are already on average” almost full.
This Government barely have their feet under the table, and already they are a Government in chaos.
That chaos is exemplified by this destructive, disruptive and divisive education tax that will interrupt learning; create place demand where it cannot be accommodated; put further strain on the SEND system; hit specific groups that we ought to be trying to protect; likely generate much lower revenue than anticipated; and quite possibly even end up as a net cost to the public purse.
In their headlong rush to make a political statement, the Government appear simply to not have thought through the consequences.
We call on them now to announce immediately that they are abandoning the unrealistic January implementation date, to publish a proper impact assessment, and then to entirely rethink this entirely counterproductive tax.