On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am concerned that the Government have not always been consistent with the explanations that they have given of their policy in relation to arms exports to Israel.
In particular, some of the explanations that Ministers have given in this House are inconsistent with accounts that have been given elsewhere, including in the other place.
My noble friend Lord Howard is also pursuing this matter in the other place.
This is a critical foreign policy matter involving a close ally.
Mr Speaker, have you had any indication that the Foreign Secretary intends to come to the House to make a statement on this matter and to clear up any misunderstanding that might have arisen as a result of discrepancies between what we have been told and what Ministers have said elsewhere?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for giving notice of that point of order.
As he well knows, the Chair is not responsible for the accuracy of ministerial remarks, either in this House or elsewhere; but I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have noted his comments, and I am sure they have been taken on board.
I do not think we have heard the end of this yet, so I am sure, as I know the right hon.
Member well, that the Opposition will not give up at this stage.
I beg to move, That this House regrets that the Government has decided to impose VAT on independent school fees; believes that educational provision should not be taxed; regrets that the Government is rushing to implement this change part-way through an academic year; calls on the Government to exempt from the VAT charge fees paid in respect of children of military and diplomatic families, all children who have an Education, Health and Care Plan, or who are in the process of applying for one, all children on SEN support, Centres for Advanced Training and schools in the Music and Dance Scheme, all children at schools whose fees are lower than the average per capita funding for a state school place, and children at religious schools of denominations for whom there is no faith school provision in the state sector; further calls on the Government to postpone imposition of the VAT charge for schools in areas where state schools in the relevant key stage are already on average over 95% full; also calls on the Government to postpone imposition of the VAT charge for fees paid in respect of children who have started a public examination course, to September 2025 for pupils currently in Year 11 or Year 13, and to September 2026 for pupils currently in Year 10 or Year 12; and calls on the Government to publish a full impact assessment of the effects  of this policy on independent schools and the state sector ahead of the Budget.
There are 85 days to go until the introduction of Labour’s education tax, and we are still in the dark.
Many questions remain for parents, for children and for schools—when I say “schools”, that is both independent schools and state schools—and also for the local authorities that are responsible for special educational needs provision and generally for ensuring that everyone can get a place at school.
This is a huge change, which is being made in a headlong rush.
There are big worries about children with special educational needs or a disability, about military families, about the talented musicians and dancers of tomorrow, about small religious faiths and about the widest impact of all—that on state schools, because this means disruption, bigger classes, budget overstretch, and ultimately, parents being less likely to get their preferred choice of school.
Even those who do not necessarily object to this in principle are saying it cannot be pushed through this fast, from the Chartered Institute of Taxation to the NASUWT.
It is a long-standing principle that you do not put tax on learning—a principle all but universally observed around the world.
On the Conservative Benches we believe in that principle and we believe in the sanctity of parental choice.
The vast majority of children, of course, go to state-funded schools, and we defend the right of parents to choose those schools and defend the diversity of those schools.
A small number of parents choose home schooling; we defend that right too.
And yes, some choose the independent sector.
Parents are the first educators of their children.
The state sets an expectation of a suitable education for all children, and beyond that, parents should make the choice of what is best for their child.
Parents might decide to opt out of state education for any one, or  many, of several reasons—quite often simply because they have found the school that they believe is right for their child, and where their child is most happy.
rose— rose— I am spoilt for choice.
I give way to my right hon.
Friend.
During the election, in the Monks Walk pub, I met a constituent who has stayed in his small home and has one car for the family, because they decided their bullied daughter needed to go to another school.
They have sacrificed, with the support of wider family, so that that child with special educational needs can go to a private school.
It is children and families like that who will be the victims of this spiteful policy.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree?
My right hon.
Friend is right to identify that many parents make great personal financial sacrifices to do what they believe is best for their children.
Some parents whose children go to independent school are rich, and some are definitely not.
I include in that latter bracket most of the parents sending their children, for example, to small religious schools in Hackney, Salford or Birmingham.
Very many more are in the middle, including many professionals working in our public services.
The shadow Minister has rightly underlined the issue for those who send their children to faith schools or independent schools.
Many constituents in Strangford have told me that they have saved and persevered, have not been on holidays, have not bought a second car, or have even continued to use their old car longer than they should, so that those moneys can go into their children’s education.
Does he, like me, find it impossible to understand how it can be that it is the Labour party—the party of conscience, I would say—that has let us down on this issue and is going to penalise people who are hard-pressed to find education for their children?
The hon.
Gentleman is right about the financial sacrifices some make.
Let us be clear: it is possible to tax wealthier people or people with a higher income more, but the Government should be honest about it.
The way to do so is through the income tax system, not through a choice that people make to have their child in an independent school.
The hon.
Gentleman did not mention this, but I might add that because the situation in Northern Ireland is different from that in England—by the way, the situation in Scotland is different, too—the Government need to think carefully about how the policy is applied throughout the whole United Kingdom, because VAT is a reserved matter, and about what it means for the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents and others across these islands.
My late mother and dad used to run a pub, and they paid their taxes.
It was a private business that made a profit.
Why should these businesses not pay their taxes?
Why should they not pay what is owed?
This is a completely different situation.
Independent schools do pay tax.
indicated dissent.
No, independent schools do pay tax on supplies.
No tax is charged on education, whether in an independent school or in other settings, and that is a very long-standing principle.
Let me clear up one very important definitional point, which I ask colleagues to reflect on.
There is no tax break involved.
It would be a tax break if a person who had a child at an independent school and was not taking a place at a state school were charged less tax as a result.
That does not happen in the United Kingdom.
Everybody contributes to state sector education, whether or not they take up a place.
The principle of no tax on learning is a fast one, and once we loosen it, we do not know where we will go.
Where might the Treasury look next?
Private nurseries, perhaps?
Music lessons?
Private tutoring?
What is the philosophical difference between independent school education and private tutoring?
Let me make a point to demonstrate how rushed and ill thought through this policy is.
My understanding is that if a child in a nursery has turned five but the other children in the class have not, all the parents in that nursery year will have to pay VAT on their child’s nursery fees.
That is how badly this has been thought through.
My hon.
Friend is right.
That comes from the rushed nature of the legislation.
The sloppy drafting means that children who are not of school age get dragged into this tax if they happen to be in the same room as children who are, and there are concerns about what might follow in other borderline cases.
The Government claim that the policy is about revenue, not politics, but having read the Secretary of State’s twitterings, I think hon.
Members could be forgiven for mistaking the motivation.
It is entirely spurious, for multiple reasons, to link this tax to 6,500 teachers, mental health support or anything else.
The money will go into general Exchequer receipts, and anyway, 6,500 teachers is not that many in the scheme of things, given the 468,000 there are now.
That is a compound growth rate of 0.3% over five years—and, by the way, a lot fewer teachers than we recruited in the last five years.
Mental health support teams are already being rolled out, and they cover primary schools as well as secondary schools.
It is not clear what the difference is in the new Government’s policy on mental health support, other than that it will not include primary schools.
To the extent that the VAT revenue could be hypothecated, it looks a lot more like that revenue would reduce cuts to education resourcing, rather than increasing it.
If the policy is about revenue, not politics, the Government could easily commit to one simple thing today.
They are confident, they tell us, that the policy will raise a large sum of money and not create large costs.
Will they commit to measuring and reporting back on that, and if it turns out, against expectations, that they were wrong, will they reverse it?