The Secretary of State and the Minister will know that civil nuclear has a higher employment multiplier than any other form of zero or low-carbon energy generation.
As part of the transition from high-carbon sectors, what specific measures are the Government taking to retrain workers and transfer skills into the nuclear energy industry, thus ensuring that they benefit from job creation in this growing sector in my constituency and throughout the country?
Obviously the last Government did nothing about nuclear in 14 years, apart from coming up with a plan.
We will ensure that nuclear is an important part of our country’s future, and we will be working to provide the right skills and jobs in the right places to deliver that.
What steps he is taking to increase grid capacity We are halving the development time for new transmission infrastructure through reforms of planning, supply chains and other areas, delivering the grid capacity that is needed to achieve clean power by 2030 and meet a doubling of electricity demand by 2050.
Communities are doing their very best, and lots of people are trying to help each community to power itself.
My own village has its community solar project, which was fully funded by local residents.
There are non-profit organisations which have dealt with local schemes by putting solar panels on schools with an element of community ownership, and there are individuals who try but are faced with extortionate costs for connection to the grid.
The grid was really designed for big old power stations rather than smaller power creators trying to plonk power into the system.
What can the Minister  do to encourage National Grid to pivot, and help communities and individuals to create their energy nearer to their homes?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the importance of community energy projects throughout the country.
We want to see many more of them, but we have inherited a grid that needs significant upgrading, and we are now working apace to ensure that that happens.
Part of the work that I have been doing with National Grid and others involves trying to identify the next steps that are needed to shorten the connections queue, and also to make it more affordable for smaller community projects to connect.
There is an important role for partnership as well, with some of the bigger renewables projects giving part of their connections queues to smaller ones, and that is already happening in some parts of the country.
There is no doubt that there is much more to do, but we are, as I have said, working apace to try to move this forward after 14 years of inaction.