Contrary to what one of the Ministers said earlier, the last Government brought about one of the largest revivals in nuclear energy in 70 years in order to provide clean electricity generation, yet we hear precious little from the new Government on their plans for nuclear; we hear only their plans for inefficient technology that will destroy the countryside.
Why are they so anti-nuclear, and when are they going to get on with delivering nuclear energy?
I will give credit to the Conservative Government on one thing: they were very good at making grand announcements.
On delivery, however, they were much poorer.
Looking at a whole range of things—carbon capture being a very good example—they had lots of warm words but no delivery whatsoever.
On nuclear, they had lots of warm words but no delivery whatsoever.
In 14 years, how many nuclear power stations were built under the Conservative party?
None.
We will get on with doing the work.
If we want to see an increase in clean energy generation, we need more announcements such as the one we saw last week on the development of carbon capture, usage and storage.
Although that is incredibly welcome and a sign of determined action from the new Government, there is still more to be done.
Perhaps the Minister can give an indication of when he anticipates he will be able to announce progress on track 1 extension, and share some information on track 2, because that would secure thousands of jobs in the Humber region.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that in the three and a bit months that we have been in government we have moved at pace to deliver the largest renewables auction in history and to make last week’s announcement on carbon capture.
We are  working through the next stages of the process at pace, and we will have further announcements in the weeks ahead.
Does the Minister agree that it would be better to have the right electricity system in 2032 or 2035 than to have the wrong one because of an artificial target, which may be undeliverable by 2030?
I could be wrong, but I think the right hon.
Gentleman previously said that his own Government’s plans on onshore wind in England were not the right approach to take.
I agree with him, which is why we lifted the onshore wind ban.
The reality is that whereas the previous Government used to talk the talk on climate action, we are the ones now delivering—and delivering an energy system fit for the future.