Not only is the Secretary of State a very good looking fellow, but we in this House all know that he is an incredibly hard-working and very open Minister, as indeed are his whole team.
So I know that the reason he has not replied to my letter of  11 September  is that he and his team will be working their socks off to get a full and open answer to all my questions.
He has already made reference to one of my colleagues and said that he will produce “in due course” a full systems cost analysis.
May I stress that it is incredibly important that we in this House have that systems cost analysis as soon as possible, so that not only can we analyse his ambitious plans for carbon-neutral targets, but we can also explain to our constituents exactly how much it will cost them in their bills to deliver his target?
Let me tell the hon.
Gentleman a little about the situation that we inherited from the last Government, because it is very relevant—obviously, he was not a Minister in that last Government.
We inherited a situation where there was no plan: no plan for their target of 95% clean power by 2030, no plan for their target of clean power by 2035, and no plan to avoid a repeat of the worst cost of living crisis in generations.
This Government are developing a plan and will publish it in due course.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to tackle climate change.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to tackle climate change.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to tackle climate change.
This Government believe that we can only ensure climate security for further generations in the UK if we lead globally.
That was the message of the Prime Minister at the United Nations General Assembly with our world-leading 2030 clean power plan, no new oil and gas licences, and playing our part in reforming the global financial system.
Next month I will be attending the COP29 talks in Azerbaijan to stand up for Britain’s interests.
It is brilliant to see the Secretary of State commit to putting climate diplomacy back at the heart of Cabinet, and I know he will bring a great amount of experience to that role.
Sir David Attenborough  has repeatedly warned that our planet hangs in the balance, so will my right hon.
Friend explain to the House what he will do to ensure that Britain is once again a main player on the world stage in tackling the climate emergency?
Will he meet me and representatives from my constituency of Paisley and Renfrewshire South to discuss the work that they are doing on rewilding, in an effort to play their part in tackling the climate emergency?
It sounds like my hon.
Friend’s constituents are doing important work.
She is absolutely right.
The last Government used to say that we have only 1% of global emissions, as if that was a sort of excuse for inaction on the world stage.
We see it differently.
We see that only by leading at home can we provide the platform to lead internationally.
This Government have in a few short months put Britian back on the world stage on climate, and we will be working with our best endeavours to ensure that we tackle the situation we have inherited—I am afraid the world is miles off track for keeping global warming to 1.5°.