May I congratulate the Secretary of State on his appointment of Rachel Kyte as his climate envoy to support his work with international partners?
Before her appointment, did the Secretary of State declare to officials her links with Quadrature Capital, which donated £4 million to the Labour party?
Also, did he declare her links to the Green Initiative Foundation, which gave him £99,000?
A yes or no answer will suffice.
All the proper processes were followed by the Foreign Office, which was in charge of the appointment.
I have to say that this is a very sad reflection on the Conservative party.
Rachel Kyte is an esteemed person who is recognised for her leadership, and all the Conservatives can do is fling around baseless allegations.
What steps he is taking to help increase levels of onshore wind energy production.
After nine years of the disastrous, bill-raising ban on onshore wind in England, this Government overturned the ban in our first 72 hours in office.
We have also set up the onshore wind taskforce to restore the pipeline of projects destroyed by the last Government.
In the recent renewables auction, almost 1 GW of onshore wind was secured at prices that make it among the lowest-cost power sources to build and operate.
When will the Secretary of State bring forward proposals for community benefit for those living alongside wind and solar farms to greater incentivise the permitting of wind and solar farms, including Ham solar farm in my constituency?
Will that include a minimum level of compensation for the communities affected?
I am sympathetic to what the hon.
Gentleman says.
We are working on proposals on community benefit.
I believe that when communities host clean energy infrastructure, they should automatically get benefit from it.
I am also sympathetic to what he said about minimum levels of support.
We are discussing that with industry at the moment and will come forward with proposals soon.
What steps he is taking to improve energy security.
The energy shocks of recent years have laid bare the exposure of our energy system to the international fossil fuel market.
That is why we have started a mission to reach clean power by 2030, to end that reliance and ensure that the British people never again go through the sort of cost of living crisis that they have faced in recent years under the Conservatives.
People across Hendon have paid the price for the previous Government’s failure over the last 14 years to invest in our energy system.
Does the Minister agree that the only way to get us off the rollercoaster of high bills is to invest at pace and scale, as the Government are doing through our clean energy mission?
I completely agree.
The only way to permanently protect hard-working families and businesses from the high energy bills from which many are still  suffering is to get ourselves off our reliance on the volatile fossil fuel markets.
That is why we are rolling out at pace and at scale the clean power necessary to do so, which not only gives us energy security but creates good jobs, brings down bills and helps us to tackle the climate crisis.