Madam Deputy Speaker, it is a genuine honour to address you and the House today.
It is a privilege not just to represent the Derbyshire Dales, but even to be there, because it is truly an area of outstanding natural beauty—known to many hon.
Members, I am sure, because it is a destination for millions.
But its great appeal also presents a problem, particularly for younger people who are looking for housing.
The little house building that takes place is more or less matched by the number of properties lost to second homes, holiday lets and Airbnbs.
That results in the highest house prices in the region, which puts houses out of the reach of many young people; they end up moving to other areas to find more affordable housing.
That in turn means fewer young families, fewer children, and schools with falling numbers on roll.
Small businesses, including farms, pubs and restaurants, suffer as well, as they struggle to get staff due to the lack of affordable accommodation nearby.
It is vital that we address this housing crisis.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Sarah Dines, who stood up for the farming community in the dales—something that I very much hope to continue.
I have had the pleasure of meeting her predecessor, Lord Patrick McLoughlin, who is in the other place, and I hope to benefit from his vast experience of the constituency.
The main industries in the dales are, unsurprisingly, tourism, leisure and hospitality, quarrying and agriculture.
I am hopeful that the new Government can secure a veterinary agreement with the European Union to give our struggling farmers a boost.
I have spent much of my first few weeks in the role speaking to farmers to try to understand what the key issues are for them.
Food security in an increasingly unstable world must be a high priority.
The dales have great historical significance.
According to the Anglo-Saxon chronicles, in the 10th century, the northern kings met Edward the Elder at the Bakewell burh and chose him as father and lord, effectively creating the entity that we call England.
Arkwright’s mill at Cromford is the birthplace of mass production, and of course it was powered by renewable energy.
I recently met the Arkwright Society, which is restoring the site for the benefit of future generations and doing a great job.
I also recently met Jamie Needle, who has taken on Masson mill, another of Arkwright’s mills.
He  is also concerned with the delivery of hydroelectric power from the Derwent—what goes around comes around.
Stone from Derbyshire quarries was used in the reconstruction of Parliament in the 19th century, and the founder of modern nursing, Florence Nightingale, lived in the constituency, at the family residence at Lea Hurst.
She said: “Nursing is a progressive art such that to stand still is to go backwards.”
Today’s health service is barely standing still.
We need to reduce the waiting lists, and to get 3 million working-age people back to work as soon as possible.
I know from my time as the Mayor of Derby that so much of the good being done daily never makes the headlines; good deeds do not appear to sell newspapers or attract advertising.
But in my few weeks in this role, I have already met some remarkable people and organisations who are making a difference in the constituency and further afield.
Aquabox is a Cromford charity with over 80 volunteers who supply clean water solutions to people in disaster zones.
Terry Eckersley at River Network provides social housing and a second chance to people in need.
Bakewell Youth Theatre has been led and inspired by Sue Stones for 46 years.
I appreciate that this is on a different scale, but Chatsworth House, no less, has given invaluable opportunities to children and young people in the area by having a “takeover” day at the world-famous stately home.
I must mention Ben Woodroffe, our world champion toe wrestler—yes, it’s  a thing.
As well as being a great bloke and a champion, he has raised valuable funds for the mental health charity Mind.
I hope the days of having a reasonable expectation that one’s children will do well in life are not over, but they seem at least to be on pause.
A lack of housing, a reduction in opportunity due to political decision making, unrestrained social media and a climate crisis mean that my children are entering adulthood with much greater uncertainty than I did.
As a foster carer of teenage children for 24 years, I know how tough things are for young people in general, but they are much harder for young people leaving care now than they were just a few years ago.
Local authorities are running on fumes, so the support has diminished, and unfortunately the prejudice against care-experienced young people still persists.
The new Government must work towards fixing the broken children’s social care market, address the lack of placement sufficiency, and end the profiteering from vulnerable children that is driving our local authorities to the brink of bankruptcy.
I did not even bother to check with the Commons Library, but I am very sure that I am the first former singer of a progressive metal band to be elected to this House.
Although my gigging days are behind me, I think, I am extremely pleased that the Labour Government will seek a deal with the EU to help our touring acts, who suffer no end of red tape when trying to get to the continent to ply their trade.
The UK music industry has been an enormous success story over many decades and we need to support all of it—not just the multimillion selling acts, but the ones playing to a couple of hundred people, who will hopefully be tomorrow’s multimillion selling acts.
During my campaign, I was struck by the sheer number of constituents whose No. 1 priority for an incoming Government was either the climate or nature,  so I feel empowered to say that as influencers and makers of law, we have a duty to think not just in the short term and until the next election, but about those who have not even been born yet, and to leave behind a habitable planet.
I was particularly proud to campaign under a banner of public service—service to our constituents and the nation.
Country first, party second.
We are here not for the status, but for the people who elected us.
I will try to keep reminding myself of that.
We must deliver on our commitments, but we must also treat the staff here, the staff working in our offices, our colleagues in local government and in the civil service and our constituents with the respect that they deserve.
If we can do that, we will move this great bastion of democracy a little closer to the people it serves.
I am delighted to take part in this debate, as I am always grateful for the opportunity to praise and defend our public services, particularly our state schools, and the millions of people, including the vast majority of my constituents, who rely on them.
The Opposition motion “regrets that the Government has decided to impose VAT on independent school fees”.
Well, I regret that the last Tory Government did all they could to deliberately and carefully dismantle, defund and destroy our public services, including state schools, for 14 years—[Interruption.]
There is a huge amount that I could say, but we are pushed for time and many Members want to speak, including lots of Government Members.
I know there are more of us here— Every day.
Indeed.
There is a lot that deserves to be said about our schools.
We have heard many Conservative Members ask about the impact.
They suddenly care about the impact of decisions made in this place, but where was their talk of impacts over the past 14 years?
In St Helens North,   81% of schools have had real-terms funding cuts since 2010—over £3 million in real terms, or £239 for every pupil.
Where was the consideration of impacts when the last Government cancelled Labour’s Building Schools for the Future programme and watched our state schools crumble?
Where was the talk of impacts when the last Government presided over a SEND system that is failing over 1 million children and that their own Education Secretary described as a “lose-lose-lose”?
Where was the concern for impacts when standards fell, which  they did?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am honoured to speak for the first time in this House as the Member of Parliament for Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley.
I represent the village of Coseley in Dudley, as well as the towns of Tipton, Wednesbury and Hateley Heath in Sandwell.
In the last Parliament, Shaun Bailey was a tireless advocate for this special corner of the Black Country, and I wish him well as he resumes his legal studies.
Let me tell you about Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley.
We are an industrial constituency, shaped by factories, foundries, mines and canals.
We have beautiful parks, laid out for the leisure of working people, and civic buildings of grace and gravitas, such as the grade II listed Tipton central library and the 16th-century St Bart’s in Wednesbury.
But more than anything, we have the people of the Black Country—creative, ingenious, hard-working and down to earth people like Thomas   Barratt.
Born in Coseley, he stopped the enemy advance and saved his patrol at Ypres.
He was a boilermaker, awarded the Victoria Cross posthumously at just 22.
The workers of Tube Town, the metal finishing capital of the world, went out on strike for two long months in 1913 for a decent wage.
They were backed all the way by their wives, heroes in their own right, who somehow kept 25,000 families fed amid near destitution.
They won.
I am proud to say that their union became my union, Unite.
Workers have come to the constituency from Ireland, the Caribbean, Bangladesh, Kashmir and Punjab; they left their homes to provide for their families, facing racism but prevailing, building churches, temples, mosques and gurdwaras, and seeing their children succeed.
We are a proud, working-class community.
Too often, people have stood in this place and talked our area down.
I will never.
Of course, the name “Black Country” is for the smoke of heavy industry; there has been coalmining, steel fabrication, metal finishing, and nail, brick and chain making.
We are where the industrial revolution started.
James Watt’s first steam engine hauled coal in Tipton, at the Bloomfield colliery.
Today, despite everything, a quarter of all workers in our area are still in manufacturing.
We may be the Black Country, but modern manufacturing is clean, high-skill and high-wage.
In Sandwell, 1,000 firms —with 21,000 jobs—make everything, from street furniture to hinges to locks to the precision metal forming for aeroplanes and power plants.
I am proud to wear the “Made in Britain” badge, and to back our new deal for working people.
If we are to have a new industrial revolution here in the UK as we meet the challenge of climate change, let us make it with our hands and our brains, in the place that was the crucible of the first industrial revolution, the Black Country.
I stand for no more and no less than this: prosperity for every family.
My friends at the TUC worked out that if wages had risen in the last decade by the amount by which they rose between 1997 and 2010, the average worker in my constituency would be £93 a week better off.
That is nearly five grand a year more in people’s pockets.
In the Black Country, we work hard, but forces bigger than any individual—deindustrialisation, Thatcherism, and the cruel austerity of these last 14 years —mean that good folk there earn less and have fewer chances and fewer choices than people elsewhere.
Fully half of our kids grow up below the poverty line, in infested B&Bs, in homes with damp dripping down the walls, or in flats made for two, but home to three times that.
For many, most weeks, the money stretches, just about—until the week when it does not.
I want to turn the thoughts of those in this House to the young people in my constituency, almost none of whom go to fee-paying schools.
Four in 10 kids in my constituency did not get grade 4 GCSE in maths and English last year.
That has to change, and we will change it.
As I stand here today, the obstacles to delivering prosperity, and more than that—comfort, security, leisure—to every worker and every family seem almost insurmountable, but we take heart from our history: from Ernie Bevin, who forged the working-class women and men of the UK into an industrial machine that, from a standing start, equipped our country for victory.
In my area, those in saucepan factories made grenades,  and car makers built the machines to defeat fascism.
That is a reminder that once we turn our minds to something, the ingenuity and drive of the British working class can rarely be equalled.
It is for us, here, to set  it free.
I will always stand against decline and for progress.
After all, I grew up in a world where people like me could not get married, but now our beloved daughter has both her mothers’ names on her birth certificate.
To believe in progress is to believe that once again this country can work for working people.
It is time, Madam Deputy Speaker, so my final words are to the people of our towns.
Tipton, Coseley, Wednesbury, Hateley Heath: I am here to serve you always.