I agree.
One in four households in the private rented sector is in fuel poverty.
We need to bear down on bills.
Our commitment to improve and boost minimum energy efficiency standards will lift 1 million renters out of fuel poverty.
We are determined to do this alongside our bigger package to deliver clean power by 2030, which will drive down bills for everyone.
People across my constituency are worried about how they will afford to heat their homes this winter.
I was shocked to hear the former Energy Minister, now shadow Minister, admit that his Government should have gone “further and faster” on insulating homes, which will certainly help.
Does the Minister agree that this is an admission of failure by the previous Conservative Government, who have left working people to pay the price?
Can she reassure my constituents that this Government will do better?
I completely agree.
The legacy left to us by the last Government was woeful.
Ordinary people—families across the country—have paid the price of that legacy.
We are clear that we will do and must do better.
Our warm homes plan will kickstart the upgrades that we need across the country so that we can deliver warmer homes that are cleaner to heat.
Millions of cold, draughty homes need updating UK-wide, so it is great to hear that there will be a proper plan, rather than the itty-bitty approach of spraying bits of money here and there.
In the plan, will the Minister look at the fact that there is no national retrofit advice service in the UK?
Can the Government rectify that?
They could take a leaf out of Sadiq Khan’s book, because his service in London has helped 24,000 households.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
There is a critical role for national advice to ensure that people can access support and know the range of interventions available to them.
We will be looking at that as we look at our warm homes plan.
We are very clear that it will be a comprehensive plan that will deliver the upgrades we need to see across the country.
One of my low-income pensioner constituents had a solar panel installed on their home through a Government scheme.
However, they are now facing an issue with birds nesting in it, which is causing a huge amount of problems because the scheme does not come with protection.
Will the Minister agree to meet me about this constituency issue, because it is really affecting one of my older constituents who, sadly, has also just lost her winter fuel payment?
Yes, I will agree to meet to discuss the range of things we can do.
I very much hope the Secretary of State and his Ministers agree that if we are serious about energy security and net zero, we must be serious about energy efficiency.
What steps are they taking, in addition to working on insulating existing homes, to ensure that the promised   1.5 million new homes are built to net zero standards, have solar panels on the roof, and are fully insulated so that every new home is a warm home?
We have an ambitious plan to build more homes.
We want those homes to be fit for the future.
We will put out information in due course on the standards we want across those homes, but we have an opportunity to do insulation, energy efficiency and homes that are fit for the future, at the same time as building the homes we need.
Local authorities play an important role as trusted sources of knowledge and expertise, and guide householders, for example, to trusted installers, but they need the resources to do that.
Will the Department devolve some resources to local authorities to fulfil that important role?
We see local and regional government playing an absolutely fundamental role to reach homes that we need to upgrade, but also to help us deliver the scale of ambition we want.
Local and regional government will be a key part of our warm homes plan.