The Secretary of State promised in the general election to cut everyone’s bills by £300 by 2030—a pledge he will not repeat now that he is in office.
In fact, one of his first acts has been to snatch the same amount away from millions of pensioners in poverty.
The right hon.
Gentleman likes to preach, to politicise and, dare I say it, to patronise, but I have one simple question for him.
To the millions of pensioners who are worried about their heating bills this Christmas, will he apologise?
The people who should be apologising are the last Government, who left this country in a total mess—a £22 billion black hole.
I have to say to the right hon.
Lady that she does have a brass neck.
She said  of  the right hon.
Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) , whom she is backing in the leadership contest, that she “tells the truth”, and what did the right hon.
Member for North West Essex say?
She said: “I have people in my constituency telling me that they don’t need the winter fuel payments…Why do we not have a…mechanism for means-testing?”
That is her position.
There we have it: no apology; no recognition that it is the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government’s decisions that are going to leave pensioners in the cold this winter.
He has to acknowledge this: from the trade unions to the CBI, from blue Labour to Blairites and from the left to the right of his party, people are sounding the alarm that his ideological approach will see jobs lost and bills go through the roof.
Even his old pal Ed Balls does not think that GB Energy is going  to deliver the green transition, and I read this morning that the Prime Minister’s brand-new chief of staff is a sceptic of the Secretary of State’s approach.
The Secretary of State is increasingly isolated in his party, so when will he do the decent thing and set out the full systems cost of his approach, so that the British public can see what he is going to do to their bills?
Oh dear, oh dear.
The truth is that after three months of this Government, people have breathed a sigh of relief that there is finally a Government with a plan for the country.
[Interruption.]
I think the right hon.
Lady should listen to what her own ministerial team has been saying about her.
The former networks Minister has said that their infrastructure approach is hopeless.
The former Energy Minister says that the onshore wind ban was “always mad”, and Lord Callanan said that the right hon.
Lady had kicked the solar consents “into the long grass”.
If I were her, I would be hoping for just one thing from the next Tory leader: a shadow Cabinet reshuffle.
Grid capacity and the slow speed of new connections is a major issue in west London.
It is holding back house building, and it is holding back businesses exciting new green businesses such as Allye Energy in my constituency.
The Conservatives did absolutely nothing in 14 years to tackle the issue.
What is my right hon.
Friend’s strategy, and will he meet me and local businesses to discuss how we can tackle this issue together and meet our missions around growth and good clean energy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that that issue is holding back projects across the country, which is why we have tackled it from day one.
We are attempting to release network capacity, which can then be reallocated to accelerate the connection of viable projects.
There is a lot of work to do, and we are building on what the previous Government did to prioritise the queue and to build the necessary infrastructure that should have been built over the past 14 years.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the only way we will both meet our net zero targets and keep energy bills down is by pressing ahead with a new generation of nuclear power stations?
Will he therefore accelerate existing projects such as Hinkley Point and Sizewell C, and press ahead with small modular reactor and advanced modular reactor technology?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
Nuclear is an essential part of the energy mix.
We are mainly going to have a renewable system, but nuclear is an essential accompaniment.
I fully support all the projects he mentions.
The previous Minister of State for Energy Security and Net Zero has admitted that the last Government could have gone further and faster on insulating homes, but said that he would wait to see how the new Government tackle the issue.
When it comes to insulating millions  more homes across the country and reducing bills for millions of families, will we simply take a “wait and see” approach?
Whether it is our ending of the onshore wind ban, the CCUS funding we announced last week, our plans for Great British Energy or our warm homes plan, we are hitting the ground running to deliver our clean power mission.
The Conservatives spent 14 years dithering and delaying, leaving ordinary people to pay the price, but we will get on with the job of delivering energy security so that we can secure financial security for families, good jobs and climate action.
To achieve net zero, we will need widespread micro-generation alongside large-scale projects.
However, as a local farmer who wanted to install an anaerobic digester told me, grid connections are both costly and subject to long delays.
What does the Secretary of State plan to do to address these issues, particularly in rural areas such as my Thornbury and Yate constituency?
The hon.
Lady raises a question about the problems of grid connection that is familiar to many Members.
We are building on work done by Nick Winser, the former electricity networks commissioner, and we want to go further to tackle the problem of grid connections once and for all.
The great turbines of the Rampion wind farm are off my beautiful coastal constituency.
Although the UK has done well on offshore generation, the jobs in this sector have not always been here in the UK.
What plans do the Government have to expand offshore wind, and to ensure that UK workers and supply chains benefit from that expansion?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Of course, we and the Opposition have fundamentally different views.
We believe in an industrial strategy that will help to deliver our supply chains.
We believe in Great British Energy, and we believe in a sovereign wealth fund, which so many other countries have and the previous Government failed to deliver.
We will make sure we have resilient supply chains that create jobs, deliver energy security and maximise the economic benefits of the transition.
What guarantees can the Secretary of State give to steelworkers in Scunthorpe that the grid connection required for a new electric arc furnace will be ready on time next year?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue that I am afraid was not solved by the last Government.
We are working at pace with National Grid, and I am sure the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , will be happy to talk to him further about the work we are doing.