As we have heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wells and Mendip Hills (Tessa Munt) , the lack of national grid capacity is holding back the UK’s push towards renewable energy.
There are numerous examples of projects that have been delayed because they are waiting to be connected to the national grid, or because connection is too expensive.
In my constituency, we cannot even connect the solar panels and batteries for the ambitious plan to decarbonise and electrify the refuse fleet for South Cambridgeshire district council.
The projects that have been delayed include the building of new homes, which is crucial at present.
Can the Minister explain to us how we are to reach this stage on the scale and at the pace that is needed?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight those issues.
The connections queue, in particular, is a huge challenge, with more than 700 GW waiting to join it.
The last Government did some work to establish how the queue could be prioritised, and we will now implement that, but we need to go further.
It is clear that by 2030 we will need to build four times as much new transmission network as has been built since 1990.
This is a project to rewire the entire country, to improve the current connections availability, and to work with everyone, including the new national energy systems operator, on the road map towards 2030.
What steps his Department is taking to increase clean electricity generation.
The latest contracts for difference round secured a record 131 renewable electricity projects across Great Britain.
This will deliver a total capacity of 9.6 GW, enough to power the equivalent of 11 million homes.
The Energy Secretary will continue to work with industry to explore how the contracts for difference scheme, and other energy policies, can be expanded even further.
I commend the Secretary of State for his excellent work since he took office in accelerating clean electricity generation in the UK, and I commend the fantastic team he has with him.
The Minister is right to say that there is a clean energy imperative if we are to tackle the climate crisis, boost our energy security and reduce our bills.
What steps has the Minister taken to ensure that this Government encourage and take advantage of the significant opportunity around community energy, and will he meet me and representatives from my constituency of Sheffield Central to discuss how we can boost the growth of community energy?