I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I thank him for his support.
I doubt anybody would disagree with him on the benefits of our announcements on carbon capture and storage, which will create 4,000 jobs in the short term, with carbon capture more broadly creating up to 50,000 jobs over the next decade or so.
[Interruption.]
The Opposition Front Benchers chuckle, but I wonder whether, instead of dismissing that number of jobs, they might welcome them alongside Government Members.
Alongside carbon capture, Great British Energy, our national wealth fund and our British jobs bonus, we are putting in place the levers to encourage growth across our country, and the Climate Change Committee estimates that up to 725,000 net new jobs could be created in low-carbon sectors by 2030.
Does the Minister agree that GB Energy is a fantastic opportunity for Wolverhampton North East to capitalise on the opportunities for research and start-ups on our forthcoming green innovation corridor and to put Wolverhampton North East back where we belong: at the heart of industrial growth and British industry?
I agree with my hon.
Friend: it is a fantastic opportunity.
Publicly owned Great British Energy will partner with industry to help us to deliver our mission of clean power by 2030.
I have been reading about the green innovation corridor, and I am interested to see what it will deliver.
Working in partnership with the private sector, we can rebuild jobs across the west midlands and far beyond.
Does the Minister agree with the head of the GMB union that the Government’s plans to ban new licences for oil and gas will result in exporting jobs and importing virtue?
I agree with the GMB in its warm congratulations for our announcements yesterday to deliver carbon capture and storage across the country.
We are of course working closely with our trade union colleagues.
It is interesting: in opposition, the Conservatives suddenly quote the unions, when they refused to even meet them in government.
We work very closely with the GMB and all our trade unions to ensure that we have a just energy transition and that we are creating the jobs and skills of the future by becoming a clean energy superpower.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of introducing energy social tariffs.
We know that people are worried about their energy bills going into the winter and that, for a growing number of people, energy is simply unaffordable.
We are absolutely determined to take this affordability issue and tackle it head on.
There are many different ideas about what a social tariff could look like, and it means different things to different people.
We are clear that we will tackle the affordability question and look at the full range of options available to us.
But our priority—my priority—this winter is to ensure that families struggling with bills have support through our warm home discount scheme, and to work with energy suppliers to provide support.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her response.
I absolutely recognise that energy prices over the last few years have escalated, putting particular pressure on households with low incomes and also those with high energy needs, such as disabled people and pensioners.
I agree that the warm home discount scheme is valuable, but it is limited and I am concerned for people with high energy needs but on low incomes, who might fall foul of the system as it stands.
We have been working flat out with energy suppliers to ensure that they are providing additional support to families who will struggle with bills this winter.
In August, I met all the suppliers, and there was a shared commitment to do everything we can to support vulnerable households.
We have been working with them, the industry body, Ofgem and Citizens Advice to ensure that there is a proper package of support in place this winter so that we can support families who we know are struggling with their bills.
Would it not have been better to put that proper package of support in place before the Government withdrew the winter fuel allowance from so many pensioners?
We are having to clean up the mess that the Opposition left us.
Yes, we have means-tested the winter fuel payment, but we have also been clear that we will do everything we can do to support vulnerable households.
That is why we have extended the take-up of pension credit and the household support fund, and we are working flat out with energy suppliers to provide additional support to all vulnerable households this winter.