Mrs. PELTOLA.
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my fellow Members of the 118th Congress to join the proud Members of the Alaska Delegation in congratulating and thanking the Alaska Railroad Corporation (ARRC) for 100 years of service to our State and to our Nation.
The ``Railroad,'' as we call it back home, and the builders, operators, and leaders that are its lifeblood, have been the backbone of the Last Frontier's evolution.
For the last century, the Railroad has been catalyzing economic development, supporting war efforts, transporting passengers between Alaska's largest cities, helping build the TransAlaska Pipeline, investing in real estate, and facilitating tourism and commerce across miles of remote and beautifully wild landscapes.
Like Alaska itself, the Alaska Railroad story is full of peaks and valleys.
The Alaska Central Railway (later renamed ``The Alaska Railroad'') laid the first track in Alaska in 1903.
It started in Seward and extended 50 miles north.
The Alaska Central Railway reorganized in 1910 as the Alaska Northern Railway Co., later extending the railroad to Kern Creek--71 miles from Seward.
In 1914, the U.S. Congress, noting it's essential national importance, funded construction and operation of a railroad from Seward to Fairbanks at an estimated construction cost of $35 million.
On July 15, 1923, President Warren G. Harding drove a golden spike in the ground at Nenana thereby connecting the track and marking the completion of the Alaska Railroad.
From 1940-43, World War II brought large profits from hauling military and civilian supplies and materials.
In 1962, the Alaska Railroad established its first car-barge service in Whittier, followed by train-ship service in June 1964, revolutionizing Alaska by enabling rail cars from the Lower 48 to be shipped to any point along the Alaska Railroad.
In the early to mid1970s, the railroad supported construction of the Trans Alaska Pipeline, shipping and storing pipeline between Valdez, Seward, and Fairbanks, from which it was then trucked to the North Slope.
In 1981, the Railroad entered into agreements with Fairbanks and Anchorage school district career centers for a tour guide program that trained high school students to serve as hosts onboard summer passenger trains.
President Ronald Reagan penned into law the authorization of the transfer of the Alaska Railroad to the state in 1983.
Officially, in 1985, it became the property of the state, and the Alaska Railroad Corporation was born.
By 1996, ARRC showed a profit of $8.0 million and passenger ridership had grown to 512,000.
Former Governor Bill Sheffield became CEO in 1997.
In the early 2000s, the ARRC's real estate operations exceeded $11 million in profits for the first time and a web-based passenger reservation system was implemented.
Simultaneously, the Railroad initiated a program to reduce diesel emissions and noise.
And 2003 was the railroad's most profitable and safe year in its history up until that point.
In 2013, the Railroad's own Bill O'Leary was named CEO, becoming the first lifelong Alaskan to lead the Railroad.
Today, the ARRC operates a regularly scheduled public transportation service extending from Seward north through the traditional lands of the Alutiiq and the lands of the Athabascan groups: the Dena'ina, Ahtna, and Lower Tanana people.
Passengers gain access to remote regions and areas off the road system and to the state's public land treasures including the Chugach National Forest and Denali National Park, which are visited by hundreds of thousands of people annually.
During the last 100 years, ARRC has proudly nurtured and promoted a relationship with the Alaska Native community.
The ARRC team includes Native members throughout its history; from laborers during initial railroad construction between 1914 and 1923, to track maintenance during World War II, through to top leadership guiding corporate policy on the ARRC Board of Directors after state ownership.
The Executive Team is comprised of President and CEO William G. O'Leary, CFO Michelle Maddox, COO Clark Hopp, Chief Counsel Andy Behrend, Vice President of Real Estate & Facilities James W. Kubitz, Vice President of Marketing and Customer Service Dale Wade, Vice President Chief Engineer Brian Lindamood, and Chief HR Officer Jennifer Mergens.
The Board of Directors are Ryan Anderson, Commissioner, Alaska Department of Transportation and Public Facilities; John Binkley, Chairman, Godspeed, Incorporated; T.J. Dinsmore, Conductor/Engineer, ARRC; ARRC Board Vice Chair: Judy Petry, President & General Manager, Farmrail System; John Reeves, Owner, Fairbanks Gold Co., LLC; Julie Sande, Commissioner, Alaska Department of Commerce, Community & Economic Development; ARRC Board Chair: John Shively, Chair, Pebble Mines Corporation.
Throughout the Railroad's storied history, the corporation's team, as much as the iron and steel of the locomotives, has served as the foundational infrastructure driving economic development in my great state.
By carrying freight and passengers across wide expanses of wild plains, rivers, and mountains, and by harnessing human ingenuity and creativity, the Railroad has played an irreplaceable role in turning Alaska into a destination for tourists and new residents alike.