Ms. MACE.
Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to Angela Mund, DNP, CRNA.
Dr. Mund will soon complete her year as national president of the American Association of Nurse Anesthesiology (AANA).
I am proud that Dr. Mund was elected as the 2022-2023 president of this prestigious healthcare organization.
Certified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) are advanced practice registered nurses who administer more than 50 million anesthetics to patients each year.
They work in every setting in which anesthesia is delivered including hospital surgical suites, obstetrical delivery rooms, ambulatory surgical centers, and the offices of dentists, podiatrists, and specialty surgeons.
They also provide acute and chronic pain management services to patients in need of such care.
CRNAs provide anesthesia for all types of surgical cases and are the sole anesthesia providers in many rural hospitals.
CRNAs have full practice authority in the Army, Navy, and Air Force and are the predominant provider of anesthesia on forward surgical teams and in combat support hospitals.
As a member of the AANA for 27 years, Dr. Mund has contributed greatly to the healthcare community in the Mount Pleasant area and nationwide.
Dr. Mund's career spans 19 years with roles at the University of Minnesota as well as the Medical University of South Carolina.
Providing the diverse and interrelated perspectives of a leader, educator, advocate, and clinician, she has testified before state legislative bodies as well as the U.S. House of Representatives on the important role CRNAs play in providing safe, quality anesthesia care.
Honorably discharged as captain from the U.S. Army Reserve Nurse Corps, Dr. Mund was previously the executive director of the Association of Veterans Affairs Nurse Anesthetists as well as its president.
Dr. Mund earned her Doctor of Nursing Practice, Master of Science, and Bachelor of Science in Nursing degrees from the University of Minnesota-Twin Cities.
She completed her nurse anesthesia training at the Minneapolis Veteran's Affairs Medical Center School of Nurse Anesthesia.
During her AANA presidency, Dr. Mund has been a prominent advocate for the patients and practice of nurse anesthesia before federal agencies and members.
She has worked tirelessly to promote anesthesia patient safety and the value of CRNAs to our healthcare system, especially at a time when that healthcare system has been hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Dr. Mund has advocated to eliminate burdensome regulations for CRNAs, to have CRNAs recognized as full practice providers in the Veterans Health Administration, and to address underlying causes of surprise billing such as provider discrimination.
I extend my sincere congratulations to Dr. Mund today on a job well done.
Her service to AANA and to her patients, and her commitment to safe, quality anesthesia care nationwide, are highly commendable.
I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Dr. Mund's notable career and outstanding achievements.