experiencing poverty and other vulnerable populations.
She fought for justice through her years of work at NETWORK, a Catholic Social Justice Lobby, the McAuley Institute, the Children's Defense Fund, and the Coalition on Human Needs.
As the founder and leader of the SAVE for All Campaign (Strengthening America's Values and Economy for All), Sister Richelle has been a driving force for better public policy and an essential educator for Members on human needs programs, which is key in promoting and enacting good public policy.
Over the years, I have been proud to work with Sister Richelle Friedman on programs of mutual interest and concern.
She has been a tireless champion of meeting human needs through investments in housing and programs to reduce poverty and hunger.
She has been a strong voice of conscience, urging Congress towards equity, demanding that the rich and corporate interests pay their fair share of taxes and do not profit unfairly from government contracts.
Sister Richelle has unfailingly conveyed reliable evidence that increasing tax credits for low- and moderate-income families, expanding access to food assistance and health insurance, ensuring justice for immigrants, and building economic opportunity for all are investments that help our nation move forward, leaving no one behind.
Through her decades of advocacy, she has helped members of Congress understand that increased wages, family supports such as childcare and paid leave, adequate retirement benefits and civil rights protections are the goals we must reach, no matter how long it takes.
As a stalwart defender of the needs of those experiencing poverty, Sister Richelle has earned the praise of fellow advocacy organizations, the respect of ideological opponents, and the friendship of many of us on Capitol Hill.
I am honored to have this opportunity to stand today and pay tribute to Sister Richelle Friedman for her hard work and thank her for her commitment to social justice.
She has left an indelible mark and set a standard of compassion, service, and advocacy to which we should all strive.