Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, it is with profound sadness that I rise to honor the life and service of my former intern, Mari Tisera, who passed away on June 6, 2023, at the age of 20.
Mari's legacy will be remembered through her passion and dedication for helping marginalized and underserved communities and her kindness to all those she knew.
Mari Tisera was born on July 29, 2002, into a family that emigrated from Argentina to the United States 2 years earlier.
Mari's family moved to the United States in order to provide Mari and her 3 older brothers better opportunities and a stronger future.
Raised in Front Royal, Virginia, Mari was a standout student at Wakefield Country Day School in Huntly, Virginia, where she excelled in a variety of academic subjects, served her community, and was a fierce athlete.
Some of Mari's many accomplishments include being chosen by all the coaches in her volleyball league for the Delany Athletic Conference All-Conference Team and working hard as a leader in student government.
A firstgeneration Argentinian American, Mari enjoyed volunteering at a local elementary school as a Spanish to English translator for summer school students who were learning English as a second language.
Mari attended George Mason University, where she studied Spanish and Government and was a sweetheart for Zeta Psi, a position that she was very proud of because of the love and goodness that she was contributing to the fraternity.
She dreamed of being a lawyer and had always been passionate about the ethics of law and government.
Mari's dedication to serving all communities and for standing up for what is right continued in college.
She organized marches for women's, LGBTQ, and Black rights, and continually fought for the rights of the unhoused.
It was wonderful having Mari serve in my Capitol Hill office at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022.
She worked hard, was eager to learn, and served my constituents and all visitors with kindness and warmth.
I know that Mari has said that all of us in the office had a positive impact on her, but she also had a positive impact on all of us who worked with her that we will never forget.
Mari wanted to come back and work in our office after she graduated, and it would have been an honor to have her back on our team.