Will the Minister consider that it is right that the Armed Forces Commissioner be able to challenge Ministers, and increase parliamentary oversight of the issues that face our forces and their families?
That was a commitment we made in opposition, but it is also a commitment to increased scrutiny that we are proud to make from the Government Dispatch Box.
We want to make the case that, to improve morale and to improve the relationship and the contract between the nation and those who serve, having an independent and impartial figure to champion our armed forces and their families will improve not only the lived experience of those people, but the operational capability of our forces, encouraging more people to recognise that someone is genuinely listening to their concerns and that Ministers are prepared to act on them as well.
There is a lot of work to be done to renew the contract, but the Armed Forces Commissioner is a key first step.
Last month I visited the Northern Hub for Veterans and Military Families Research at Northumbria University to hear about its suicide prevention work.
Its research found that many military families bereaved by suicide felt helpless and unsupported as the wellbeing of  their loved ones declined.
Does the Minister agree that the Armed Forces Commissioner Bill is a vital opportunity to deliver better support for families going through difficult times?
Any death by suicide is a tragedy, though it remains fortunately a rare event in the armed forces community.
It is positive to hear of the work by Northumbria University in this area.
This month we published a refreshed edition of the armed forces suicide prevention strategy and action plan to enhance the MOD’s commitment to reducing suicide and better supporting those affected by it.
A future independent commissioner will have the discretion to investigate welfare matters affecting our forces and will be a direct point of contact for bereaved families of our serving personnel, and that would naturally be a matter worthy of their attention.
Will the Armed Forces Commissioner’s powers of investigation extend to being allowed to visit troops deployed on operations, to question them, and to seize documents?
The Armed Forces Commissioner Bill includes powers for the Armed Forces Commissioner to visit serving personnel, and for UK visits to be unannounced.
Due to the logistics of visiting troops abroad, we would expect that such visits would be co-ordinated with the Department.
I expect the commissioner to visit our troops serving abroad, and families deployed abroad, and to hear about the particular challenges that being deployed abroad presents for those in uniform and those who love them.
We have lots of work to do, and I would be grateful if the hon.
Gentleman would raise that issue at the Bill’s Second Reading later today, when I can respond in more detail.