Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker.
[Interruption.]
I did not mean to knock you down a peg, Mr Speaker; that would be very unwise.
I regret the Secretary of State’s tone in response to the shadow Secretary of State, and I hope that, over time, she learns not to adopt that tone on issues such as this.
The shadow Secretary of State noted that there is a capacity crisis, and the Secretary of State has said that we need greater early intervention now.
Is the Secretary of State confident that she has the resources to support local authorities and others in tackling this twin challenge?
Both parts need to be tackled at the same time, which is a truly serious undertaking.
I am not quite sure how to begin to respond to the frankly extraordinary first part of the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
To take the more serious points he raised, we are determined to ensure that we have the resources and support in place for the most vulnerable children in our country.
The reason I get so cross when I hear some of the contributions made by Conservative Members is that during my time as shadow Secretary of State and Secretary of State, I have heard directly from far too many children who have been badly failed by this system.
It is shocking and shameful, and we will change it.
Years of inaction by previous Conservative Governments have led to vulnerable children feeling forgotten and councils being financially crippled.
How will my right hon.
Friend ensure that reforms truly prioritise children’s wellbeing and tackle profiteering at their expense?
My hon.
Friend brings real expertise to this House from her work in education.
Education is also a crucial area where we need to work together on safeguarding; school staff, teachers and others have a role to play in keeping children safe and ensuring that all children can thrive.
The steps that we are setting out today will make a big change to the life chances and wellbeing of many children across our country, and I am grateful for her support for that important work.
For far too long, children’s services have been a Cinderella department.
I am delighted that the Secretary of State is shining a light on them and driving a positive way forward for them.
We need to ensure that our communities are kinship and foster care-friendly.
How will the Secretary of State drive that agenda?
I agree that there is still much more that we need to do to support kinship carers and foster families; that is why the measures we set out in the Budget are so important.
From speaking to kinship carers in my constituency on Friday, I know that there are still too many barriers in place, including differences between local authorities, issues around access to mental health support, and the need to do more to support kinship carers in balancing work and caring responsibilities.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman on those important areas.
The almost 600 kinship carers in Portsmouth North welcome this Government’s prioritisation of kinship care; it is vital to keep kids with their families.
However, not all children can live with their families, so some live in the care system.
Because of the past 14 years of Conservative Government, life has been too tough, so will the Secretary of State tell us a little more about what this Government will do to support those care leavers?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fact that, sadly, a move to a different kind of placement, outside family care, is a necessary step for some children, for their safety and wellbeing, and in the interests of their long-term future.
We are rolling out the Staying Close programme nationally to ensure that all care leavers get the support they deserve.
We are also setting out plans around corporate parenting, to ensure that all of us fulfil our responsibilities to the children for whom we are responsible.
I was delighted to chair, with the Deputy Prime Minister, the care leavers ministerial board, because there is more that all of us, across Government, need to do to ensure that care-experienced young people have their voices heard, and to ensure that we take action to address their concerns.
Five years ago, Bath and North East Somerset council’s budget for children’s services was £28 million; this year, it is predicted to be £40 million.
Transport costs, particularly, are spiralling out of control, as private providers seem to deliberately place young people out of area.
What my council needs, apart from potential price control, is capital investment, so that it can rebuild its in-house services.
Will the Minister commit to that?
I agree that costs are spiralling out of control.
More action is necessary to support councils in investing in services and ensuring provision for children much closer to home.
Too many children are being sent far away from family support networks.
That presents local councils with additional cost pressures, and pushes many to the point of bankruptcy, as well as denying children the life chances they deserve.