The Secretary of State speaks to a UK commitment to “NATO first”, and that is great, but we have just seen the election of a US President who is putting America first and the defence of Europe in the hands of European states, which makes the prevarication over 2.5% all the more difficult.
Will he accept that a commitment without a date is watery and that only a date will provide a commitment?
Will it be in this Parliament—yes or no?
I do not accept that for a moment.
It is a commitment and a level of defence spending that we have not seen for 15 years.
As far as the new President  goes, it is early days—he has only just been elected—and we will ensure that as a Government and as a country we work closely with him and with the US.
As world leaders meet this week at the G20 in Brazil, what steps is the Defence Secretary taking with his international counterparts —other Defence Secretaries at the G20, in particular—about the urgent situation in Gaza, particularly for civilians and children?
My hon.
Friend is right.
For nearly nine months—in opposition and now in government—we have been calling for and working for a ceasefire in Gaza to get all hostages released and, importantly, to flood the area with the aid that the Palestinians so desperately need.
That has to be the first step towards a political solution that can see a Palestinian state and security both for Israel and for the Palestinians in future.
In the UK we have some very special skills when it comes to developing future defence equipment.
To lose those skills would be a desperate business.
Does the Secretary of State agree that co-operating and working with our friends in Europe is one way to preserve them?
The hon.
Gentleman is correct.
There are increasing examples of industry working across our European nations, both in the EU with our improving relationships on defence and in NATO.
That is one way in which we can ensure that the skills are available to make the equipment that we need.
Due to a lack of funding, many reservists in my constituency are not getting the training days they need and are therefore not receiving the salary that they had anticipated.
That means that many highly trained and committed reservists have no choice but to leave and join another career.
Will the Minister outline what the Labour Government will do to support our reservists, including those who live in my constituency, all of whom are a vital part of our armed forces?
As an individual who signed up in just the past two weeks to be a reserve, this matter is close to my heart.
We are doing a review into reservists over the next couple of weeks, which will be linked to the strategic defence review, to find out how we can simplify the process and make it easier for people to join and serve the armed forces in a way that is befitting to them.
Labour’s manifesto made it clear that it was committed to scrapping visa fees for non-UK veterans who have served this country for four or more years, as well as their dependants—a pledge I wholeheartedly support and have campaigned on.
The Veterans Minister previously stated that the MOD has started to work with the Home Office, so what is the timetable for delivering that manifesto pledge?
We are working on that.
It is in the manifesto, and it will come out in due course.
We were delighted to host the Veterans Minister in Telford recently.
In a survey of the veterans community in Telford, access to healthcare was the top priority.
What work is the Department doing with health Ministers to improve access for veterans to healthcare, in particular mental health care?