The Secretary of State will be aware that local authorities have a legal duty to house unintentionally homeless people, including those in priority need, such as 18 to 19-year-old care leavers and people with dependent children.
At the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee, we heard that, shockingly, over 150,000 children are in temporary accommodation in England.
Does the Secretary of State agree that without urgent action on the housing crisis, we will not see improvements for care-leaving children?
I agree, and the Deputy Prime Minister is determined to drive forward change in this area, not just with more homes being built across our country, including social homes, but by taking action in the area that my hon.
Friend describes, when children are leaving the care system.
I assure her that the Government will act in those areas.
I warmly welcome today’s statement.
The Secretary of State is right that it is long overdue, and that early intervention is key.
Too many children in this country are in care because they and their families did not get the support and help that they needed, when they needed it.
She referenced the report led by  the hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) , which stated that we need a revolution in family help, and specifically a £2.6 billion temporary injection of financial support to make the shift to prevention.
Can she make that commitment?
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Member for Whitehaven and Workington will speak for himself on his report.
The Government recognise the need to rebalance the system away from crisis intervention, and to break the cycle of spending ever more pots of money on what amounts to a failure within our system.
We will refocus our work on early support for families, and ensure that there is more support for kinship and fostering families.
That is important, not just given the cost of the increasing number of interventions; most crucially, it is how we will deliver better life chances for the most vulnerable children in our country.
Having grown up in a kinship care setting, with my grandparents, I heartily welcome the content of the Command Paper.
Had its provisions been available to my grandparents, I would have had a very different experience growing up, so I greatly welcome what the Secretary of State is doing; however, for those young people who have to enter the care system, it cannot be a one-way process; ageing out cannot be the only exit.
Will she set out a little more on what the paper will do to help with reunification, so that young people who go into care can go back to their parents?
I encourage her to look at the work of Pause, a national charity that is doing so much work with the birth parents of children who get taken into care, so that they get the help and support that they need after what can be a very traumatic experience.