I asked the Secretary of State last month whether there was an update on the usage of Storm Shadow missiles by Ukraine.
As has been widely reported, yesterday President Biden lifted restrictions on the use of long-range US missiles.
Given the continuous bombing of Ukrainian communities by Russia, and given that thousands of North Korean troops are fighting against our ally in our continent, will Ukraine now be allowed to use those Storm Shadow missiles—obviously, within the confines  of international law—or do we expect Ukraine to continue fighting and defending itself with one hand tied behind its back while keeping those Storm Shadows in safe storage?
I say again that I will not compromise operational security and comment on the details of long-range systems today.
The Prime Minister has been clear—as I am being to the House—that we must double down on the support to Ukraine, give it the support it needs and do so for as long as it takes.
In doing so, we will continue our close co-operation with the US and allies in providing that support to Ukraine.
I join the Chair of the Defence Committee,  the hon.
Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) , in strongly welcoming the decision by the United States to permit Ukraine to use long-range missiles in Kursk.
I know the Secretary of State does not want to go into operational detail—I understand that—but I assure him of our support if he follows through in relation to Storm Shadow, as we believe he should.
There will be those who talk about escalation, but does he agree that the only escalation that matters here is 10,000 North Korean troops on the ground supporting Russia in its illegal war?
The shadow Secretary of State is right that the one person responsible for escalation in this conflict is President Putin, and the one side that has been escalating in recent months is Russia.
In recognising that he has escalated his illegal war against Ukraine by intensifying the use of glide bombs, destroying Ukraine’s energy infrastructure and deploying thousands of North Korean troops into combat positions in Kursk, I am discussing this very serious development with the US Defence Secretary and will be discussing it with the Ukrainian Defence Secretary this evening.
Did the Prime Minister raise Ukraine during his meeting with President Xi given China’s undoubted influence over Russia and North Korea?
I regard the Prime Minister’s meeting with President Xi as an important step forward.
He is the first Prime Minister of the UK to meet the leader of China in nearly six years.
After 14 years of damaging Conservative inconsistency on China, this Government will bring a long-term approach to managing our relations with China.
We will co-operate where we can, compete where we should, and challenge where we must.
What steps his Department is taking to support the cadet forces.
I have visited various cadet units, and I am constantly in awe of their work not only to increase social mobility, but to improve the health and wellbeing of various young people across the country.
They produce an annual return on investment in the region of £95 million.
We are committed to sustaining cadet forces across the UK, and we continue to invest in cadet expansion in schools so that even more young people, particularly in the state sector, can benefit from being in the cadets.
I agree wholeheartedly with the Minister about the benefits of the cadets, so why have the Government cut support to cadets, even as they were launching a national youth strategy?
His colleague said earlier that the Government would have a review.
The question is: can that gap in support be plugged and the school staff instructor grant be restored so that more children—hopefully, many more children—in state schools can benefit from joining the cadets?
I am conducting a review into cadets and reserves.
The cadet expansion programme will still receive £3.6 million in Government funding through the Ministry of Defence, and I can reassure the right hon.
Member that we are fully committed to supporting the cadet expansion programme.
I will speak to him about our review in due course, once it is complete.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on potential risks arising from the use of nuclear weapons.
We recognise the serious risks posed by the use of nuclear weapons.
It was a Labour Prime Minister who signed the non-proliferation treaty in 1968.
The UK remains fully committed to the multilateral non-proliferation aim of a world without nuclear weapons.
We also have a triple lock commitment on our nuclear deterrent, which is a vital part of UK defence and deterrence.
According to the Nuclear Information Service, there have been 110 historical incidents involving UK nuclear weapons.
There have been 25 well-recorded near misses between the United States and Russia—and, formerly, the Soviet Union.
In that context, will the Minister explain why, on  1 November , when the United National General Assembly was invited to vote on establishing a panel for a scientific study on the effects of nuclear weapons, Britain, Russia and France were the only three countries to vote against its establishment?
Fortunately, the committee was established.
Will the Minister assure the House that Britain will fully co-operate in examining the devastating effect of nuclear weapons were they ever to be used?
The UK has always recognised the possible humanitarian consequences of the use of nuclear weapons.
The proposed panel does not establish a clear mandate to address maintaining long-held knowledge of the devastating consequences of nuclear war using scientific research, and the resolution will not advance progress towards nuclear disarmament.
That is why we voted against it.