At each stage, we have tried to respond to the requirements that the Ukrainians say that they have to match the state of their battle to defend their country.
We have announced packages of artillery, of ammunition and of air defence, which is one of their most critical needs at present, including recently a new contract to supply short-range air defence missiles—the  lightweight multi-role missiles.
Those will be in Ukrainian hands at the turn of the year.
We expect to step up that production and delivery during the course of next year.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern at the recent media interview given by a leading candidate to be Labour’s next ambassador to Washington DC?
This supposedly clever negotiator declared that Ukraine should not expect to get its territory back, and should not expect to be put on the path to join NATO, but could perhaps secure some security guarantees from western countries.
Does the Secretary of State agree that whoever is sent to Washington should be somebody who supports Ukraine in defending itself and does not reward Russian aggression with pre-emptive capitulation?
One of the first privileges I had in this new role was to represent the country at the NATO Washington summit.
That was the point at which the NATO nations collectively agreed to step up support for Ukraine and to develop the security guarantees that Ukraine will need in the longer term.
The task for us and allies that support Ukraine is to help Ukrainians and support them in their fight now.
At the point at which they judge the talking should start, our role then is to give them equally steadfast support, and we will.
I am sure the whole House stands solidly with Ukraine on its one thousandth day countering Russian aggression and doing so for us all, but its ability to do so is weakened by North Korea sending armaments and manpower, the Iranians sending drones, and oil contracts still being signed.
Will the Minister assure us that, in the light of the American decision to allow strikes inside Russia, we will also give permission for our missiles to be used to break up concentrations of arms and material inside Russia?
I will not be drawn on details about long-range missiles today—it risks operational security, and the only person who benefits from public debate is President Putin.
As the right hon.
Member rightly says, 10,000 North Korean troops are on the frontline in Russia.
At the weekend, Russia launched its biggest aerial attack into Ukraine since August against infrastructure.
I spoke yesterday to the US Defence Secretary about this escalation.
I will speak to the Ukrainian Defence Minister about it later today.
I want the House to be in no doubt: the Prime Minister has been clear that we must double down and give Ukraine the support it needs for as long as it needs.
We will continue to work in close co-ordination with the US in our support for Ukraine.