Absolutely.
I emphasise how mystifying it is that these documents have not already been released, 40 years after the conflict.
It is not about identifying blame or who was responsible.
In my view, it is about making sure that lessons are transparently learned for future operations about command chains and accountability during conflict.
What is the reason for withholding these documents?
Will the Minister show compassion for those who still live with this, whether as bereaved relatives or as people bearing the scars and injuries of this dreadful event?
First of all, I have compassion for those injured or wounded in combat, after seeing many throughout my career.
I assure the House that the individual lessons learned from this conflict have been spread throughout the Department and into the single services.
Five files, comprising 308 witness statements, are closed and, under the terms of the Public Records Act 1958, these witness statements will remain closed until 2065.
However, we will look at reviewing some of these statements, and we will provide a view in due course.
What his Department’s planned timetable is for the strategic defence review.
The strategic defence review is the first of its kind in the UK.
It is externally led and draws widely on experts within Government and the military, as well as those from industry, academia and our allies.
The reviewers will report in the spring.
With the increasing threats we see around the world, the Government are entitled to conduct a strategic defence review, but that should not be an excuse not to commit to increasing defence spending.
Given that the Secretary of State refused to provide a timetable at last week’s urgent question, will he now say yes or no to whether the Government will get to 2.5% of GDP on defence spending by the end of this Parliament?
Everyone agrees that defence spending must rise.
Under this Government, it is increasing by nearly £3 billion next year, and there is a cast-iron commitment that we will set a clear path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
Of course, the last time this country spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was in 2010 with a Labour Government.
Deciding to defer or to review is just as much of a decision as one to go ahead or not to go ahead, because it means that nothing is happening.
The Typhoon factory at Warton is currently idle—no Typhoons are being produced—which is bad for exports and bad for our defence.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House when we will take a decision to procure more Typhoons?
There are 25,000 jobs at risk, as well as the country’s defence.
I have had the privilege of visiting Warton, and I have seen the skills, the technology and the workforce’s commitment and dedication to that job.
The reviewers of the strategic defence review will produce their final report and make recommendations in the spring.
In the meantime, my hon.
Friend rightly points to exports.
It may interest him to know that, last week, I was in Turkey and Saudi Arabia to discuss with Defence Ministers the future role that UK-made Typhoons could play in the defence of both countries.
Further to the question raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Farnham and Bordon (Gregory Stafford) , I welcome the £2.9 billion of extra defence expenditure from next year.
However, not only do we not have a timetable for meeting 2.5% of GDP, which the whole House would like to hear about; will the Secretary of State confirm that there will be no additional funding for the in-year pressures that this Department, alongside so many others, is suffering from?
The Chancellor set out in her Budget on  30 October  the steps we are taking, across Government, to deal with the £22 billion in-year deficit that this Government inherited.
On the commitment to 2.5% of GDP, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury has made it clear that we will set that path in the spring.
I remind the House that the Prime Minister said at the NATO summit in Washington, back in July, that it was a question of the strategic defence review first, then the commitment and the path to 2.5%.
My constituency is home to many small and medium-sized enterprises that contribute to our UK defence sector.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that submissions from SMEs to the strategic defence review are given equal weighting and consideration compared with submissions from prime contractors, in order to support innovation, job creation and competition within the UK defence sector?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The shadow Defence Secretary will recognise the role that small, medium and growing companies can play in our defence and security sector better than anyone else in the House.
That is one reason why, within days of getting this job, I did not just meet the big, leading defence companies; I had a similar meeting and briefing on the approach this Government will take with small and medium-sized companies, including growing companies, in the defence sector.
Such companies will be an important focus for the strategic defence review, as the reforms and the long-term industrial strategy required to deliver stronger defences for this country are considered.
What steps he is taking to improve recruitment and retention in the armed forces.
What steps the Government are taking to improve recruitment and retention in the armed forces.
This Government have already begun to modernise and refine our policies and processes to attract and retain the best possible talent in our armed forces.
We are delivering for defence, with a 35% pay increase for new recruits and one of the largest pay increases in the last 20 years for existing personnel.
We are scrapping over 100 outdated medical policies and setting an ambition to make a conditional offer of employment to candidates within 10 days and a provisional training start date within 30 days.
From cadets to regulars and reservists, it is clear that we must urgently tackle the recruitment and retention crisis presided over by the last Government.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming the fact that over 700 applications are now being reconsidered after the removal of unnecessary red tape blocking some sufferers of hay fever and acne from joining?
I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the announcement by the Ministry of Defence that more than 700 applications have been reconsidered following the removal of 100 outdated medical policies, such as those blocking some sufferers of hay fever, eczema and acne.
That is a perfect example of how we are fixing the foundations and delivering for defence.