As the Government have announced this month that they are putting RAF Scampton back on the market and the luckless Home Office is now—thank God—out of the picture, the excellent MOD and this brilliant cast of Ministers are now very much in the picture.
May I have an assurance today that they will work closely with West Lindsey to further our exciting plans to promote defence industries on this historic site and keep the runway open?
I will be pleased to meet the Father of the House and look at those plans.
I think it was my sister who made that decision in the Home Office—[Laughter.]
I served in Germany for two years as part of NATO’s very high readiness joint task force, and I welcome the improved co-operation with that nation.
I also saw at first hand the importance of our relationship with Poland.
Can the Secretary of State tell me what we are doing to improve co-operation with that nation?
I can indeed.
Poland was one of the first countries that I visited as the new Defence Secretary.
I was keen to establish a good relationship with my Polish counterpart and have done so.
There is a good deal that we will do in future and are already doing, both military to military and with our defence industries.
On Friday, the UK Defence Journal reported on the activities of the Russian research and intelligence vessel Yantar in the Irish sea, in the vicinity of various cables.
This is not new; we had the same thing last year in the North sea and off Shetland.
Given the sheer quantity of cables and pipelines now in the seabed, what are the Government doing to ensure that that critical national infrastructure is properly protected?
Let the House be in no doubt that the United Kingdom and our armed forces will defend our critical national infrastructure undersea cables.
We have a strategy and armed forces protecting our cables, and we are working with our allies to do so.
I suspect that that will also feature as a recommendation in the strategic defence review when it is published next year.
With our domestic air defences under increased scrutiny, will the Secretary of State update us on the work being done to strengthen them and give assurances that our Government understand that our forces will need the resources available to secure our skies?
This is one of the areas that the strategic defence review is looking at closely: it has set up 26 review and challenge panels and is drawing in almost 150 external experts from the whole range of defence.
With rising threats at this point, this is part of the long, hard look we have to take at the capabilities we need in order to keep Britain safe in future and to be strong abroad.