The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to improve service life for serving personnel and their families.
Over the last year, service morale fell to record lows, with over 300 more full-time personnel leaving the forces than joining each month.
We cannot reverse these deep-set problems overnight, but this Government are putting people at the heart of our defence plans, and today will see the Second Reading of our legislation to establish an independent Armed Forces Commissioner to improve service life.
The package announced this weekend of 20 hours of funded wraparound childcare for families deployed overseas is very welcome.
Can the Minister please assure us that this type of practical assistance will be a fundamental pillar of the Government’s support for forces families?
I can indeed.
Supporting our service families is really important, especially when they are far from home, and this scheme will reduce the burden of childcare costs for those eligible families overseas.
This is a Government who are delivering for defence and putting our forces personnel at the heart of our defence plans.
The Royal Fleet Auxiliary is often overlooked, yet it is vital to the sustainability and success of our Royal Navy.
Often its pay and conditions do not keep track with either the armed forces or the civil service.
What can the Secretary of State say to members of the RFA to reassure them that they are valued?
Over the last decade or more, we have been expecting more of those members of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
They play a critical role in our maritime operations and they are highly valued as part of our services community.
We see an important future for that service as part of building Britain’s defences for the future, and we are putting forces personnel and RFA personnel at the heart of our plans to ensure that we are more secure at home and strong abroad.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
On the subject of improving service life for service personnel and their families, thousands of families will be getting the unwelcome Christmas present this year of a 20% tax on the school fees that they pay to fund an independent boarding school or, otherwise, will have to allow their children’s education to be constantly destabilised.
Given that this new tax is 100% the responsibility of the Government,  will the Secretary of State confirm that the continuity of education allowance will be uplifted to fund 100% of the new tax on those fees?
We will uprate the continuity of education allowance to reflect the increase in school fees from January.
We will do that so that the allowance continues to maintain the schooling of the many children of personnel that are deployed.
Our mission as a Government is to lift the morale of our services.
That is why we are investing in our servicemen and women, supporting their families and starting to fix the problems of the last 14 years that we have inherited.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of publishing all board of inquiry documents on the bombing of RFA Sir Galahad.
Following on from our recent discussion, I would like to reiterate that the service and sacrifice made by those on board Sir Galahad will never be forgotten.
After any incident that results in loss of life, people will always ask themselves, “What if something different had happened?”
However, the losses on Sir Galahad were the result of enemy action, and enemy action alone.
Under the Public Records Act 1958 we protect personal data and information, but we have recently reviewed further files and I look forward to meeting my hon.
Friend this month to discuss the issue further.
Falklands veterans from the Welsh Guards, including my constituent Mike Hermanis, continue to campaign to uncover the truth behind the attack on the Sir Galahad in June 1982.
I know that the Minister is already working on this, but with time marching on, will he agree to meet not only me, but colleagues and, crucially, veterans from the campaign to discuss releasing the remaining documents from the board of inquiry so that those veterans and the families of those who died can finally get to the truth?
I would welcome a discussion with my hon.
Friend about engaging with the veterans community from Sir Galahad, and I look forward to our meeting later this month.
I have many friends who served out there, and the after-effects of that disaster—death, burnt human beings—still bang on and resonate with them today.
All they want is to know why they were there at the wrong time.
Who gave the orders?
The report is critical.
It is not just a case of them being damaged or killed by enemy action; it is about the incompetence of those who put them in the wrong place at the wrong time, leaving them open to that simple, terrible attack.
There is much chaos in conflict, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows, and the Ministry of Defence in no way blames the Welsh Guards for the events of that tragic day.
My officials have been reviewing further files,  and two extracts from the board of inquiry have been reviewed and are now within the open records at the National Archives.