The Armed Forces Commissioner will extend to all parts of the United Kingdom and cover the service welfare matters of UK armed forces personnel and their families, including when deployed abroad.
We would expect recommendations to be published directly to Parliament, not through the Ministry of Defence, to ensure the impartiality and independence of the role, and to allow Members of Parliament from all parts of the House to scrutinise recommendations and issues raised by the commissioner.
That will include every nation within the United Kingdom.
What steps he is taking with his NATO counterparts to increase co-operation on missile defence.
This Government are getting on with delivering for defence to make Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
The UK remains a leading voice in NATO on missile defence, which we see as a cross-Government and international effort.
We are working to enhance our missile defence capabilities, and modernising our approach to air and missile defence, both for our own forces and with our NATO allies.
At last month’s NATO Ministers of Defence meeting the Secretary of State agreed to step up co-operation with our NATO allies on missile defence and cutting-edge long-range missiles.
Does the Minister agree that a focus on integrating NATO’s missile defence is key to strengthening European security?
Yes, I do.
Defence against air and missile threats has played a key role in our recent thinking, and with our NATO-first approach to policy, putting integration with our allies at the heart of our defence plans makes sense and is a vital part of ensuring our security going forward.
Will the United Kingdom, preferably in tandem with our European colleagues but if necessary bilaterally with the United States, align with the United States in permitting Ukraine to use the missile defence systems that we have supplied as it sees fit in its own defence?
Absolutely.
We intend to align with our allies in making sure that Ukraine can make use of the capability that has been offered by those who have committed support to that country in its fight.
What steps he is taking to support veterans in Newcastle-under-Lyme constituency.
This is a Government of service who will always stand up for those who serve our country, and I am steadfast in my commitment to deliver improved services for veterans nationwide, including in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
I am working to ensure a dedicated structure and support mechanism for veterans that is more institutionally resilient, through working across Government and with devolved Administrations.
Our veterans are on the frontline as they defend our country, and when seeking meaningful support to get on with their lives when they get home.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the Tri Services and Veterans Support Centre in Newcastle-under-Lyme, led by chairman Geoff Harriman, for all the work it does?
Will he come to visit the centre, meet our veterans, and show them the support that they deserve?
I would be delighted to accept my hon.
Friend’s offer to visit Newcastle-under-Lyme and reopen the tri-service centre.
I look forward to meeting veterans in the constituency and learning more about the fantastic work they are doing.
I recently met Got Your Six in Wincanton, which provides crucial therapeutic support for veterans and serving personnel.
One veteran told me that its support had been invaluable at a point in his life when he could not see a future.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Got Your Six, and will the Government support such groups to expand their crucial work?
I congratulate Got Your Six and all the charitable sector on the amazing voluntary work that goes on across the country.
I, too, have seen the amazing work that Got Your Six does and would like to meet its representatives in due course if they come down to Westminster.
What steps he has taken to increase support for Ukraine.
What steps he has taken to increase support for Ukraine.
With tomorrow marking 1,000 days since the start of President Putin’s brutal, illegal invasion of Ukraine, our commitment to stand with the Ukrainian people is absolute.
We have stepped up with more military support, we have sped up deliveries, and we are now spending more on military aid as a country than ever before.
Tomorrow will be 1,000 days since Putin invaded Ukraine.
My constituents in Kilmarnock and Loudoun have concerns about the ongoing welfare of Ukrainian civilians, so can the Secretary of State please assure my constituents that the Government will continue to offer support and aid to those in need?
Will he underline our absolute support for Ukraine forces to end Putin’s aggression?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
What she really says is that the Ukrainians have been fighting with huge courage—military and civilians alike—and the best way we can help the Ukrainians to defend their own civilians is to step up our support for Ukraine.
That is why we have increased military support and aid to its highest level ever.
We have signed a new industrial treaty with Ukraine worth £3.5 billion to increase military hardware.
We have hit the £1 billion milestone for the UK-led international fund for Ukraine.
We will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
This is a Government delivering for defence and for Ukraine.