I know all Members here today will agree that caring for vulnerable children is among the most vital responsibilities of any Government.
This Government treat no issue with more importance than the urgent challenge of improving children’s social care.
This is a new era of child-centred government, of putting children first.
That is how we achieve our opportunity mission, how we break the unfair link between background and success, and how we support families to achieve and thrive.
Our mission applies to all children, especially the most vulnerable, those for whom childhood is a storm of instability, neglect and even violence—denied the foundation of love that is the first right of any child.
Children’s social care alone cannot right all those wrongs.
We need a joined-up approach, across Government and beyond.
That is why mission-led government is so important.
But done well, children’s social care empowers families to support their children, putting them back on the path to happy, healthy lives.
It is with great concern that I come here today to tell Members what they must already know: the system that the Government have inherited from Opposition Members is broken and failing far too many children.
It is kept alive by the efforts of our amazing workforce.
I want to thank all those working so hard to keep children safe, but children’s social care is struggling under an impossible weight.
We have more children in care in this country than ever before.
With more and more money following children into the most expensive part of the system, resources are sucked out of preventive services, pushing yet more young people into care.
And so the vicious cycle continues: higher costs but poorer outcomes.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  rightly identified that cycle in his review over two years ago: a broken market for care, vulnerable to the shameful profiteering of too many private companies.
Local government spending on children’s social care has risen by £4.4 billion over the last decade.
What do we have to show for it?
A system too busy treating symptoms to tackle causes, a system that costs more for taxpayers but delivers less for families, and a system that is failing our children and which is crying out for change.
Today, the Labour Government begin that change: ambitious, wide-ranging reform to lift the life chances of our most vulnerable children.
I am pleased to announce the publication of a policy statement that puts children’s social care back in the service of children and families, breaking the cycle of crisis intervention.
This is the biggest reform of children’s social care in a generation.
It starts with the acknowledgement that, wherever possible, children should remain with their families.
That is where children belong.
It is on that foundation of family love that children can live happy lives.
That is why early intervention, tackling problems before they escalate, holds the key to brighter futures for our children.
We will simplify the way we fund local government next   year, consolidating more than £400 million of children’s social care funding within the local government finance settlement.
With immediate effect, we will suspend the payment by results aspect of the supporting families funding.
We will renew the way we work with the sector, co-designing services together to meet the needs of children and families in their communities.
The Deputy Prime Minister and I are ambitious about reforming how we work with children and families, from when they encounter challenges right through to building solutions.
We will set out funding plans for children’s social care, and future investment in preventive services, in the upcoming local government finance settlement.
All families face challenges at one time or another.
I want to help them to come up with their own solutions, wherever possible, so we will legislate to embed family group decision-making as an offer all families can access.
Early targeted support minimises more costly and disruptive intervention later, so it is much better value for taxpayers.
But ultimately, that is not the point.
The most important point is that it is better for children’s lives now and in the future, building that bedrock of family love and support that we all need.
We know that we must also have strong child protection measures in place, so today I am setting out plans to require every council to have multi-agency child safeguarding teams, consulting schools and teachers to stop children falling through the cracks.
Sometimes, despite the best efforts of all involved, children cannot remain at home, and our priority then is to support them to live with kinship carers or in fostering families, connected to extended family in a stable home.
That is why I was not just pleased but deeply proud when the Government announced the largest ever national investment in kinship care at last month’s Budget—an investment in the futures of vulnerable children.
That money will trial a new kinship allowance to help family members and friends to care for vulnerable children.
We will also extend the “virtual school head” programme, placing it on a statutory footing and championing the education of children in kinship care.
Even with these changes, however, there will remain instances in which children must enter the care system, so it is vital that we fix the broken care market.
We know that the quality and safety of children’s homes in England is simply not good enough.
Year after year, the previous Government sat on their hands while children were let down— their life chances wrecked, their hopes dashed, and their dignity ignored.
I know that many Opposition Members shared the disappointment I felt as Ministers in that Government ignored these issues and left them to drift, when they could have gripped them as this Government do today.
We will act decisively, helping children to remain close to the people who love them whenever possible, and ending the reckless profiteering of some providers.
We will rebalance and stabilise the placements market, including by establishing a financial oversight scheme for the very first time.
We will make the market more transparent, and we will empower local authorities to collaborate on placements, including through regional care co-operatives.
We will give Ofsted the power to move more quickly against unregistered care providers and tackle patterns of poor care.
Those are actions to fix the care market, but Members should be in no doubt that if companies continue to make extreme profits at the cost of vulnerable children, I will go further and harder.
We will introduce new powers allowing the Government to directly cap the level of profit from children’s social care placements.
At their best, private providers can help improve the lives of vulnerable children, but when the focus drifts towards exploitation in the pursuit of profit, be in no doubt that I will act.
These are the reforms to deliver the best placements for children, but the journey does not end there.
We must give young people leaving care the right support as they make the transition to adult life.
I was pleased to co-chair the ministerial care leaver board alongside the Deputy Prime Minister earlier this month.
We will drive forward action across Government, and we will expand the staying close programme into a national entitlement of enhanced practical and emotional support for care leavers.
It is time to fix the foundations of children’s social care, investing in the groundwork for a stronger sector, and that includes data.
We will deliver on our manifesto commitment to improve the sharing of information for the benefit of all children, including those in care.
We will change the law in two ways.
First, we will introduce provisions for a “single unique child identifier” to join up data from different services, which is a further step towards ensuring that services work harder for children, parents and professionals.
Secondly, we will establish a new duty, providing a clear legal basis for those working with children to share information for the purposes of safeguarding.
We are determined to ensure that children’s social care is an excellent area in which to work.
We have published online resources to improve the health and wellbeing of staff, and we are joining the national workload action group to cut unnecessary tasks, freeing up staff to concentrate on children and their families.
While agency workers can help to manage fluctuations in demand, they are no substitute for a permanent workforce.
Children and families deserve stable professional relationships.
We will therefore limit the use of agency social workers by local authorities, acting to reverse the alarming increase in their prevalence.
Every child deserves the best possible start in life, to grow up in a family filled with love, but not every child has that.
There are still far too many who lack the stability, safety and love that they need to go on to happy and healthy lives.
Our opportunity mission is for them, we are breaking down barriers for them, and the announcements that I have brought to the House today are for them—but we cannot achieve this alone.
Keeping children safe is everyone’s business—not merely mine or the Government’s, but that of each of us in this House and all of us across the country.
We need partnership with families, the workforce, carers, providers, health, police, schools, colleges—and, yes, with Members right across the House.
Today is the start of much-needed change—change that will fix children’s social care; change that will keep families together where possible and children safe where necessary; change that will give each and every child the best start in life.
The children of our great country deserve nothing less.
I commend this statement to the House.