Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a trailblazer, philanthropist, and community leader.
Kenneth B. Jarvis transitioned from this life on June 3, 2024.
Though he no longer walks among us, his spirit will forever reside in the hearts of those who had the privilege Ken, as he was affectionately known, was born in 1934 in San Francisco, California.
From a young age, Ken learned timeless values that he carried throughout his life: respect, fortitude, and leading by example.
He graduated from Polytechnic High School and then enlisted in the United States Air Force.
After his service with the Air Force, Ken returned to San Francisco and joined the United Parcel Service (UPS), where he made history as the company's first African American package car driver.
Ken quickly rose through the ranks of UPS, relocating to Illinois and then Plano, Texas, where he was tasked with establishing the Southwest region of UPS.
Throughout Ken's 37-year career with UPS, he opened their doors to thousands of qualified and diverse applicants.
Ultimately serving as the Vice President of Human Resources before retiring in 1994, he used his platform to promote inclusive policies and foster a culture of diversity and opportunity.
Ken's career advancements also provided him with the opportunity to further his commitment to community service.
In Plano, he worked tirelessly to strengthen the fabric of the community by initiating programs aimed at fostering unity, inclusivity, and prosperity for all residents.
In retirement, Ken served on various boards and committees, including Texas Health Resources, the Plano Symphony, and the Plano Police Civilian Review Board.
Ken co-founded the Mutual Alliance Restoring Community Hope (MARCH) Foundation, which has provided over 2,000 grants and scholarships for young African Americans entering Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
After Ken's wife, Kay, was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, Ken began the H. Kay Jarvis Alzheimer's Research Endowment to support research on the disease.
Left to cherish his memory are his son, Kenneth B. Jarvis II; daughter, Michele Jarvis Kindred; granddaughter, Krystal N. Jarvis; grandson, Kenneth B. Jarvis III; great-granddaughter, Ariela Giles; and many more.