Ms VELAZQUEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Maria Antonia ``Tonita'' Cay and the 50th year anniversary of the Caribbean Social Club, which stands as the oldest Puerto Rican-owned Latino social club in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
She has been featured in numerous media outlets, publications, and a documentary.
In the past years, notable artists, filmmakers, and musicians have visited Tonita's Caribbean Social Club to experience the unique essence of the rich Latino heritage it now represents.
Tonita, as she is affectionately known, was born on May 10, 1940, in Junco, Puerto Rico.
She is the second oldest of nine siblings.
In 1956, during the significant migration of Puerto Ricans to New York City, her family settled in the Lower East Side when she was fifteen years old.
Several years later, she moved to Williamsburg, where there was an established and growing Puerto Rican community and employment opportunities in the needlework factories that were part of New York's bustling garment industry.
In addition to working as factory seamstress, Tonita began designing, sewing, and selling dresses from her home.
This home-based business showcased her skills and helped support her and fulfill her dream of owning the building she lived in as a tenant.
This established a foothold in her community and laid the foundation for the incorporation of her Caribbean baseball team and club in 1973 at 244 Grand Street in Brooklyn.
Her courage and perseverance defied the societal norms of the time.
Today, Tonita is one of Los Sures Williamsburg's Puerto Rican `Pioneras' and the last women-owned social club.
At a time when Puerto Ricans and Latinos were politically invisible in Williamsburg, Tonita helped elevate our presence and cultural identity by establishing the Caribbean Baseball teams, which gathered hundreds of players and their families weekly.
Players and their families were proud of Roberto Clemente and wanted to emanate his game.
Tonita's grit contributed to more Latino, and women owned social clubs and baseball leagues.
During the 1970's and 1980's, the Southside of Williamsburg was flushed with gathering social clubs for baseball and dominoes.
In the 1990's, the rising cost of rent and excessive demand on licensing by the city imposed significant hardship for many social clubs including Tonita's.
However, she demonstrated remarkable resilience.
Her determination was particularly evident when she took on City Hall and won, securing the club's place in the community even as Mayor Rudy Giuliani's administration cracked down on various venues.
Tonita's victory was an achievement.
Today, her continued legacy of community support remains steadfast.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, she utilized the Caribbean Social Club to provide no cost essential assistance and home cooked meals to her neighbors and all who visited.
The Caribbean Social Club is not only home to Puerto Ricans, but also welcoming place for a melting pot of different backgrounds, cultures and professions, reflecting Tonita's inclusive and welcoming spirit.
Maria Antonia Cay and the Caribbean Social Club is the embodiment of the American dream.
Her business acumen and sense of community has contributed greatly to the social and cultural fabric of the Los Sures community in Williamsburg.