Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Maira Rivera is a certified educator employed as the dean of an elementary school in Orange County Public Schools.
She is in the 30th year of her educational career, which began in New York working with students with special needs for 10 years.
She then moved to Orlando in 2004, where she has taught kindergarten, was an exceptional student education staffing specialist, and a district program specialist.
Maira earned her Bachelor of Arts in Psychology, Master of Science in Early Childhood Education, and Master of Education in Educational Leadership.
In 2006, Maira was the recipient of the Lehman Urban Teacher Education Award in recognition of her achievement as an outstanding educator and alumna of Lehman College who exemplifies the ideals of their education programs in promoting justice, equity, and caring in urban education.
That same year, Maira was also named as an Orange County Public School's Teacher of the Year.
In addition to her passion for helping students achieve academic and social-emotional success, she is also a member of many organizations that focus on helping the community with issues surrounding immigration, voter registration, affordable housing, fair wages, and better working conditions.
Maira is on the executive board of the Florida AFL-CIO and the AFL-CIO Central Florida Labor Council.
She is the treasurer of the Central Florida Labor Council for Latin American Advancement.
Maira serves on the governance board of the Florida Education Association and is the vice president of the Orange County Classroom Teachers Association.
She is a fierce advocate for all OCPS staff, students, and families.
Maira was also a member of Vamos4PR and helped establish the Language Line Phone Interpreting Services, which provides translation in over 240 languages for the diverse families of OCPS to be able to actively participate in their child's education.
Maira's most treasured accomplishment is being married to her forever love, Ismael, for 36 years.
Together, they have three amazing children, Jose, Christina, and Daniel.
They also have 12 precious grandchildren and enjoy spoiling them every chance they get.