Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to extend my personal congratulations and best wishes to an exceptional community leader and outstanding citizen, 
Mr. Jim Wallace, on his retirement as a distinguished news anchor at WALB News 10 in Albany, Georgia.
Jim's final day on-air will be June 26, 2024, and a party honoring his retirement and career will be held on June 18, 2024, in Albany, Georgia.
Born and raised in North Georgia, Jim Wallace attended Towers High School in Decatur, Georgia, and graduated from the University of Georgia in 1976 with a degree in Broadcast Journalism.
For over four decades, Jim has been a dependable and well-respected leader in Southwest Georgia.
He has built quite an impressive career, which began in November 1976 when he joined WALB News 10, serving in both news and sports.
He has served as a weekend Sports Anchor and Reporter, then as Sports Director.
In September 2001, he began anchoring the evening newscasts, and in December 2016, Jim's hard work and talent landed him the Lead Anchor role in the evenings.
Throughout his career, Jim has accumulated numerous accolades.
He has won the prestigious Georgia AP Sportscaster of the Year and Georgia AP Sports Reporter of the Year award on two separate occasions.
Jim is also a Georgia AP Sports Photographer of Year award winner and holds numerous United Press International Sportscasting Awards.
Along with his professional achievements, Jim also dutifully volunteers as a Sunday School teacher and youth volunteer at First United Methodist Church.
Jim has accomplished much throughout his life, but none of it would have been possible without the Grace of God and the love and support of his wife, Tracy, and their two children, Jake and Shelly.
Sir Winston Churchill often said ``You make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.''
Southwest Georgia is a better place because Jim Wallace gave his time and talents to keep our communities informed about the world around them.
Jim's passion and dedication to the news, as well as his broadcasting expertise, are unparalleled, but his heart for helping others is what has made his life's work truly special.
On a personal note, it has been a pleasure working with Jim during my time in public office.
Over the years, Jim and I have sat down