Mr. SOTO.
Mr. Speaker, Cheryl Reid-Payne was born on the beautiful island of Barbados, immigrated to London, England, and eventually moved to New York.
There, she pursued a career in the medical field and obtained her certification as a nursing assistant.
After over 20 years of living in New York, she moved to Central Florida in 2002 and continued her passion for helping people by working at several nursing facilities.
Cheryl, a champion of serving the community, also sought opportunities to do so by becoming a member of the CFAFCC, NAFCC, NAACP, and the Caribbean and Floridian Association, known as CAFA.
She has been an active member of CAFA for the past 23 years serving in many capacities, such as chaplin, corresponding secretary, and co-chair of the Service Activities/Education Committee, for which she is currently the sole chairperson.
In this capacity, Cheryl enjoys planning, shopping, and delivering Christmas giveaways to residents at Central Florida nursing facilities.
During Thanksgiving, she also hands out turkeys at several locations in Kissimmee to families in need.
At CAFA's biggest annual community event, Caribbean Fusion, held in Kissimmee, you can find her by the medical tent taking blood pressure as she is also on CAFA's Medical Committee as a nursing assistant.
Additionally, Cheryl and her team fundraise for and provide college scholarships at CAFA's yearly scholarship awards ceremony to Osceola County high school students with impeccable GPA scores.
Students also receive special gift bags, which Cheryl shops for and donates to the students with great pleasure.
Keeping in line with her passion and love for children, Cheryl officially opened Cheryl's Daycare, which was opened in the Poinciana area for 18 years.
Beyond Cheryl's social and professional endeavors, she finds comfort in serving as an usher at her local church in Poinciana.
It has been and remains her honor to serve the community and she looks forward to continuing to do so with passion and care, with a goal of becoming a member of the Chamber.
Currently, she is happy being a wife and mother of four children and five grandchildren.