This Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1406 offered a proactive approach to military electricity supply and would have ensured informed responses when issues arise.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1509 helps to address military recruitment and retention needs by providing the following modifications to the J-1 Visa process: J-1 Visa holders who have been legally admitted into the United States and have successfully completed 8 months out of a 12-month visa duration or 14 months out of an 18-month visa duration may pursue opportunities to join the military.
If inducted into the armed services, they would qualify for permanent residency provided they meet other enlistment requirements, military fitness standards, have no criminal background, and are of good conduct during their period of enlistment and during which time they may pursue citizenship.
During the first years of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, many military experts expressed concerns that the constant deployments could negatively impact the force with the expectation that fewer young Americans would volunteer to serve in a wartime military.
The expectations of these experts seem tenable given the current recruitment crisis following our full withdrawal from Afghanistan the summer of 2022.
With the current trend, this recruitment crisis shows no signs of abating anytime soon.
As a result, we see shrinking numbers in all branches of our forces.
To put this in perspective, the last fiscal year, the Army missed its recruitment goal by about 15,000 active-duty soldiers, roughly 25 percent of its target.
Consequently, the army was forced to cut its projected active-duty end strength from about 476,000 down to around 466,000.
Shrinking numbers is not caused by strategic choices but largely due to the lack of qualified volunteers.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1509 would have addressed this recruitment crisis with serious implications for our strategic position in this increasingly uncertain and dangerous world.
The Jackson Lee

Amendment No.
l510 directs the Secretary of Defense to establish a task force 180 days after enactment that will report to the House and Senate Armed Services Committees and make publicly available an annual report that explains the progress made over the history of the Department of Defense and its predecessor departments (Department of War) and experiences in integrating African Americans into the branches of the armed services and the civilian staffing of Pentagon offices and agencies.
The report shall provide information on the lessons learned about the social, cultural, legal, and logistical challenges faced, obstacles incurred, advances made, and the impact of integration on the warfighting capacity of the Nation.
In this way, the lessons of military integration can be drawn upon by policy makers charged with the important and necessary work of binding up the nation's wounds first inflicted with the governmental legalization and tolerance of slavery in the United States.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1510 would have made this possible.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1512 requires the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, to submit a report identifying the personnel, training, and equipment required by the non-federalized National Guard to prevent, mitigate, respond to, and recover from natural and manmade disasters.
It is always hard to ever fully be prepared for what is to come whenever any form of disaster strikes.
It therefore helps to know that the survival specialists of the Air National Guard are always equipped, ready, and quick to respond and assist the affected communities.
Whenever a state of emergency is declared, it is because the authorities believe that the disaster that has occurred or is imminent, is severe enough to require State or federal aid to increase local resources to prevent and alleviate damage, suffering, and hardship to the affected communities.
The Air National Guard has an exceptionally unique role in aiding the prevention and recovery of these forms of disasters disaster.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.