I offered this amendment to help entrants into military academies find the right career fit for their military service after graduation.
I learned about the issue of stuttering and its implications for a successful military career through the experiences of a Legislative Fellow who once served in my D.C. office.
He was a 2016 graduate from the United States Naval Academy with a degree in Operations Research and a veteran naval officer who was separated from the Navy in April 2019 because his speech fluency testing results did not meet the Naval Aviation community standards, and so he was disqualified from serving as an aviator.
At that critical juncture he was not informed about what careers he could qualify to fill that would not be impacted by the determination regarding his speech.
This Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1402 would have represented an important investment in military academy students, improving transparency and providing avenues for personal improvement, ensuring quality candidates for vital military leadership positions.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1405 removes bill language about Critical Race Theory, thereby rejecting any efforts to inject politics into the armed services.
In this way, my amendment affirms the importance of July 26, 1948, the date that President Harry Truman signed Executive Order 9981, creating the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services.
This executive order desegregated the military and declared that there shall be equality of treatment and opportunity for all in the armed services without regard to race, color, religion, or national origin.
This was a major step forward and was the result of dedicated advocacy efforts from the NAACP and ACLU, as well as President Truman's own commitment to the issue.
The importance of this Executive Order and the change it brought about cannot be overstated.
The diversity of the military and the equality of opportunity found there is one of the major strengths of the armed services.
It is crucial that the armed services continue their commitment to live out the promises of equality and opportunity enshrined in Executive Order 9981.
The current provisions of the NDAA which prohibit the use of federal funds for critical race theory are largely political in nature and represent a step away from the promises President Truman made of equality and opportunity in the military.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1405 would have ensured that these political provisions are struck, thereby affirming the value of diversity and equality of opportunity throughout our military.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1406

requires a report be provided to the House and Senate Armed Services committee on the extent that readiness relies on electricity availability to bases, installations, and duty stations.
The report would provide an assessment on the military's reliance upon electricity service provided by transformers that manage power transmission from high power lines to end points.
The assessment would evaluate supply chain issues impacting the availability of transformers and surplus transformers held in reserve by the military.
The report would also assess the overall market supply and demand for transformers, and any risks that market availability issues of transformers pose to military readiness, to ensure recommendations on resolving any risk to readiness posed by supply chain issues with transformers.
The report would also evaluate the extent if any that extreme weather plays on transformer supply.
As such, Congress can be best informed on military readiness if supply chain issues with transformers persist.
And Congress can ensure that the bases, installations, and duty stations of the armed services maintain the electricity they need to remain reliable and fulfill their function, even in times of crisis induced by natural disasters or supply chain issues.
This Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1406 offered a proactive approach to military electricity supply and would have ensured informed responses when issues arise.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.