1051 directed the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the naming practices recognizing African American service members in the Department of Defense.
Throughout the history of our Nation, from the Battle of Lexington through the Battle of Fallujah to Afghanistan and Iraq, Black soldiers have served honorably and answered the call to duty during our nation's time of maximum danger.
For over 200 years, African Americans have participated in every conflict that confronted this Nation.
Besides fighting the common enemies of this country with unmatched bravery and valor, Black soldiers also had to confront individual and institutional racism of their countrymen.
African American servicemembers have served with great valor and distinction in all branches of our nation's armed forces.
Since the revolutionary war, Black Americans have faithfully defended this Nation and built a legacy of courage, commitment, and professionalism.
Like any other group of Americans, Black soldiers have served the armed forces with great honor, distinction, and generational inspiration.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1051 would have ensured that the legacies of Black American servicemembers are duly recognized and honored.
The Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1104 requires a report to be submitted to Congress within 240 days of NDAA enactment on the risks posed by debris in low Earth orbit and to make recommendations on remediation of risks and outline plans to reduce the incident of space debris.
Space debris encompasses both natural and artificial particles and this amendment would address the risk of man-made space debris.
Man- made objects in Earth's orbit that may no longer serve a useful function can include nonfunctional spacecraft, abandoned launch vehicle stages, mission-related debris and fragmentation debris.
Space debris travels at speeds up to 17,500 miles per hour--fast enough for a small piece of man-made debris to damage a satellite or a spacecraft.
There are more than 20,000 pieces of debris larger than a softball orbiting the Earth.
There are 500,000 pieces of debris the size of a marble or larger tracked by NASA, and there are many millions of pieces of debris that are so small they can't be tracked.
This amendment seeks a report on risks posed by man-made space debris, solutions for reducing risks, and strategies for reducing the incidence of more man-made space debris being introduced into space.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1104 would have addressed these challenges.
Jackson Lee Amendment No.
1402 requires the Secretary of Defense to ensure that military academy graduates undergo screening for speech disorders and be provided with their results.
Many officer positions and occupation specialists require successful performance on the speech test, so it is essential that military academy students are aware of their status as they shape their career path.
Under this amendment, military academy students would have the option of undergoing speech therapy to

reduce speech disorders or impediments.
Thus, military academy students who do not perform successfully on the speech test have the opportunity to improve their performance and potentially go on to pursue the officer and specialist positions they seek.
Approximately 5-10 percent of all children stutter as they develop language skills.
Boys are 2 to 3 times more likely to stutter than girls.
And approximately 75 percent of children recover from stuttering, but the remaining 25 percent will experience life-long effects of stuttering.
I offered this amendment to help entrants into military academies find the right career fit for their military service after graduation.
I learned about the issue of stuttering and its implications for a successful military career through the experiences of a Legislative Fellow who once served in my D.C. office.
He was a 2016 graduate from the United States Naval Academy with a degree in Operations Research and a veteran naval officer who was separated from the Navy in April 2019 because his speech fluency testing results did not meet the Naval Aviation community standards, and so he was disqualified from serving as an aviator.