A week ago from that Dispatch Box, the Minister said: “Given the number of civilians sheltering in Rafah, it is not easy to see how such an offensive could be compliant with international humanitarian law”.—[Official Report,  30 April 2024 ;
Vol. 749, c. 141.]
Despite repeated appeals for Israel not to attack Rafah, just hours after the dashed hopes of a ceasefire, that offensive is happening.
Is this the breach of international humanitarian law you referred to last week, and will that breach immediately end UK sales of arms to Israel?
Or is this yet another example of the UK declaring a red line only for Israel to completely ignore it without condemnation or consequence?
We know how this plays out, Minister.
You plead with them, they ignore you, they do what they want and you find excuses for them.
A blind eye will be turned to the slaughter of tens of thousands of innocent civilians, and while the UK Government call for more aid to the survivors, they will continue to issue arms export licences.
That has been the pattern of behaviour for seven months.
Can we expect anything different now?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, he will know that we are working flat out in these very difficult circumstances to achieve something different, and we will continue to do so.
He quoted what I said the last time I was at the Dispatch Box, and I would point out that the words I have used today, in answering the same question, are virtually exactly the same.
I have made it clear that there would have to be a plan that  respected international humanitarian law, and we have not yet seen such a plan.
That is entirely consistent with what I said before.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about the sale of arms.
The Foreign Secretary announced on  9 April  that the British position with regard to export licences is unchanged.
We do not publish the Government’s legal advice, but we always act in accordance with it.
I would point out that we publish data on export licensing decisions transparently and on a quarterly basis.
Yesterday I met survivors of the Nova festival massacre—people who had fought singlehandedly for hours in Israel on  7 October  against brutal Hamas terrorists.
We all want peace, and we all want to see the end of civilian fatalities, but sometimes countries must fight for peace.
Israel has a right to defend herself and a duty to protect her people from the brutal terrorist cult of Hamas.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government will maintain steadfast and resolute support for Israel as she finishes the job of eliminating Hamas from Gaza?
I am very pleased to hear that my right hon.
Friend had the chance to meet those survivors yesterday, so that she can share with the House the hideous circumstances that they suffered.
She makes it clear that Israel has the right of self-defence, and she set out eloquently why that is the case.
But Israel must also abide by international humanitarian law.
I say to the Minister, if I may, “You’re better than this.”
We all condemn Hamas’s attack and we all want to see the hostages released, but we are on the edge of witnessing a massacre, a mass murder of innocent men, women and children at the behest of fanatical zealots in the Israeli Cabinet.
We need this Government to lead an international exercise to prevent this attack now.
One way to prevent it is to make it clear to Netanyahu that if it goes ahead, this Government will pursue him as a war criminal at the international courts.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows very well that the Government are working with their allies, with the powers in the region and through the United Nations precisely to ensure that that does not happen.
He also knows that the Foreign Secretary, the Prime Minister and other Ministers who are in close contact with the Israeli Government have made it absolutely clear what the effects of a military campaign conducted within the small confines of Rafah, where so many people are kettled, would be.
I have made very clear from this Dispatch Box the view of the Government in that respect.
A couple of days ago, on Holocaust Remembrance Day, an Israeli commander reminded his men that on that day 80 years ago, the Nazis led Jews to the ovens for the sole crime of being Jewish.
On  7 October , at dawn on a public holiday, Hamas and their supporters invaded Israel and murdered 1,200 more Jewish people, including children, and raped, dismembered and tortured people—and yes, they put one baby, alive, in an oven to murder it.
They took dozens of hostages, and still have many in savage confinement of a medieval nature.
Many voices put pressure on Israel to do what they believe Israel should do.
Does the Minister agree that more pressure needs to be put on Hamas to do what they should do—what any civilised human being would call for—which is to release the hostages and stop attacking aid points?
One such aid point was attacked at the weekend, killing four Israeli soldiers—an aid point that, by the way, British aid comes through.
They are silent about that, with every focus on Israel and none on Hamas.
My right hon.
and learned Friend makes an important point.
I want to emphasise to him, but also to the House, that the hostages are not an afterthought.
They are at the very centre of this—there are more than 130, including women and children, and a holocaust survivor.
The Government are trying to strike a balance.
There is an urgent requirement for a pause in all the fighting to enable aid to get in and to negotiate the hostages out, which might then lead, as a process, to a sustainable ceasefire, which is what we are trying to achieve.
I think we all want an immediate ceasefire, and as we see the start of the destruction of Rafah and the impact that it will have on the civilian population, we are horrified.
I want to ask the Minister a practical question that might get us a step further.
How optimistic is he that a sufficient number of hostages will be released to ensure that agreement between the two sides can be reached and that Israel will then accept an immediate ceasefire?
The right hon.
Lady, who speaks with authority and understanding on these matters, will know that the question she has asked me is at the heart of the negotiations, which still continue, and which we very much hope will be successful.
As I have said before, I cannot give the House a running commentary on those negotiations, but I can assure her that the logic she brings to this debate does inform the Government’s support for getting a resolution to those negotiations.
Over the past few months, Members from all parts of the House have questioned the Deputy Foreign Secretary on the notion of consequences, and we have heard that again today.
He is an experienced Minister, so he knows that every equivocation, every hesitation and every set of diplomatic niceties has led us to this calamitous moment for the hostages, for the Palestinian people and for the interests of both peoples in the long term.
On  7 April , the Foreign Secretary said that support for Israel was not unconditional.
I shall ask the question in a different way: is there any red line?
Is there anything the Israeli Government could do that would so appal this Government that they would feel the need to act?
If so, what is it?
My right hon.
Friend talks about the calamitous situation that we have reached, and no one in the House will forget that it started on  7 October  with the brutal events that my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Northampton North (Sir Michael Ellis)  just described.
My right hon.
Friend asks me a rhetorical question, but the evidence will show that the Government have done everything we possibly can to try to alleviate  the situation, sometimes unpopularly, and that our logic was accepted at the United Nations in the two Security Council resolutions that I mentioned.
The Israeli Opposition leader Yair Lapid said at the weekend: “A government that wants to return the abductees” would be “sending the teams to Cairo, not…crushing the hearts of the families.”
Lapid is right, but it is not only the hearts of the hostages’ families that are being crushed; it is those of the Palestinians who want nothing to do with Hamas terrorists.
Many of them are being chased around the Gaza strip.
The UK rightly defends Israel from the threat of attack by Iran, but will the British Government also suspend arms exports to Israel?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s first point, he will have seen that both sides have sent teams to Cairo, and we await developments on that with a degree of hope and optimism.
On his second point, I have made it clear to the House where the Government stand on arms exports.
We follow the legal advice—we do not publish it, in accordance with precedent—and we will continue to do so.
Members have said that the situation in Rafah needs to come to an end, but what needs to come to an end is the fighting.
UNICEF has said today that Rafah is a city of children, and we should not be dancing around the issue or playing with words as though it were a game of Scrabble.
We should call this what it is and call for an immediate ceasefire.
Families of hostages want the fighting to end now, and my constituents in Bolton demand that it does.
The international community is demanding an immediate stop.
We are one of the most influential countries on the conflict, so will the United Kingdom call for an immediate end to the fighting?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for keeping in touch with me on issues that are brought to his attention by his constituents.
As he knows, it is exactly the Government’s policy to try to achieve that pause, which can then lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
We will continue to do everything we can to achieve that.
What is the Government’s plan to get aid into Gaza now that both Rafah and Kerem Shalom are inaccessible?
Even if they were accessible, with an invasion now started there would be no way to distribute aid.
What is the Government’s plan to get aid in to alleviate the appalling suffering of the Palestinian people?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that yesterday, Rafah and Kerem Shalom were shut with no aid able to get in.
That is a matter of immense concern to the Government.
She will know that as well as trying to get aid in ourselves by road transport, we have been a leading nation in assisting with the maritime route and with airdrops.
Some 11 airdrops have been made, 10 of them by the Royal Air Force.
Constituents are understandably devastated by what is happening in Gaza right now, which is desperate for those on both sides.
I am conscious of what the Minister has just said about aid being distributed, but will he ensure that all the resources possible are there to enable us to carry on with maritime delivery and airdrops?
Does he agree that ultimately, it is in Hamas’s hands to return the hostages and remove any excuse for further actions in Gaza by Israel?
We will certainly continue to boost the maritime efforts, which, as my right hon.
Friend knows, are ongoing using both British military assets and our stores in the region, particularly in Cyprus, as well as technology for clearing the kit that is available there.
We will continue to do everything we can in extraordinarily difficult circumstances, as we have been, to achieve greater entry of aid into Gaza.
The real concern now is that Netanyahu has one objective, which is to raze Gaza to the ground.
That is what he is intent on doing, and it will include Rafah.
This Government, along with all other western Governments, have told the Israelis that they must not go into Rafah.
I ask the Minister once again: what are the consequences if they do?
Will it be a slap on the wrist and a “Don’t do it again”, or is serious consideration being given to banning the sale of arms and to sanctioning individuals and the Israeli Government collectively?
What are the Government going to do?
Are they going to do anything at all?
I have made it very clear what the Government are seeking to do.
The hon.
Gentleman has outlined what Prime Minister Netanyahu is saying, but there are many different voices in Israel, as we have seen this weekend, including significant demonstrations in support of the policy of getting the hostages back.
Britain is doing everything it can to help achieve that.
For me, the defining feature of this appalling tragedy in Gaza is that the civilian population is trapped between the oppression of an appalling terrorist organisation and an appalling military onslaught.
Given the increasing compression of that population within Rafah, in a much smaller geographical area, the need for precision, restraint and proportionality from the Israelis is ever more acute.
Will the Minister please assure the House that he is doing everything possible to convince the Israelis of the need to preserve the sanctity of human life?
My hon.
Friend will know that the Government have repeatedly underlined the importance of Israel abiding by international humanitarian law.
The Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have underlined that point in their frequent contacts.
Despite the blatant disregard that we have seen for international law over the last few weeks, the international community has warned that the Israeli ground offensive in Rafah will be a red line.
Even the Deputy Foreign Secretary told this House last week that he could not “see how such an offensive could be compliant with international humanitarian law”.—[Official Report,  30 April 2024 ; Vol. 749, c. 140-41.]
With Israeli troops now ready to move into the world’s largest and most densely populated refugee camp, where 1.4 million people sit starving and fearful for the lives of their children, I have to ask the Minister just why he did not come to the House today to announce a strong UK response that immediately supports the International Criminal Court’s war crimes investigation and immediately ends arms sales to Israel.
Frankly, it is shameful that the Government have again come to the House with nothing.
Will the Minister please answer the question that we have all come to hear answered?
What are the UK Government doing to stop the bloodshed and the massacre that are about to happen hours from now in Gaza?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s first point, there is no difference between what I have said today and the response I gave on the last occasion I was at the Dispatch Box, to which he refers.
He sets out, in eloquent tones, the nature of the problem we face, but he must recognise that Britain, along with a large number of regional powers, the international community and the UN, is trying to stop the very position he sets out.
Seven months ago today, many of us began receiving the most alarming messages from friends and/or family in Israel.
By the end of that day, every red line of international law had been breached by the monstrous Palestinian terrorists who raped countless women, murdered 1,200 people and took hundreds of innocent people hostage.
Within hours, people in this country, and some pro-Palestinian activists, were on the streets cheering what happened that day.
Since then, we have seen the dehumanisation of Jews through the dehumanisation of Israel.
“The Protocols of the Elders of Zion” has been dusted off and every antisemitic trope has been trotted out.
Some people in this House, whom we would have expected to be allies when it comes to gender-based violence, have had little or nothing to say about the horrors of that day.
Now, we hear calls for Israel to be denied the right to defend itself, while arms continue to flow to Hamas from Iran and North Korea.
There is nothing kind or compassionate about that message.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary confirm to me that any ceasefire, which we all want because we all want this tragedy to end, will include the complete removal of Hamas from governance in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is right in what he says.
The rightful aim of defeating Hamas will not be achieved by allowing a humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza, as I am sure he would agree.
He mentions gender-based violence; he will recognise that the Government have supplied funding particularly to try to tackle aspects of that, where we are able to make a contribution and have some impact.
On what he says about the nature of some of what has been said in this House and outside, the Government make it very clear that we are absolutely opposed to antisemitism and Islamophobia in all their forms.
Last October, the Israeli Defence Minister disgracefully described the Palestinian people as “animals”, and that is exactly how Israel has treated them, forcibly displacing men, women,  and children from the north to the south of Gaza and now forcibly displacing people again, slaughtering tens of thousands of innocent civilians and creating famine conditions.
Now there is the risk of a massacre.
What we are witnessing this week is a clear escalation of Israel’s total disregard for civilian life and international law.
We need an immediate ceasefire, but will the Minister finally agree to impose stringent sanctions on Israel, not simply on individual settlers, by ending support for its military capability in Gaza, suspending arms export licences and offering support for ICJ and ICC processes investigating Israel’s criminal actions?
Where is our humanity?
Order.
Emotions are running high.
I want to get everybody in, but I am concerned that we will not achieve it at this rate.
Please can we help each other?
The hon.
Lady sets out in lurid terms the issues we face and the problems the entire international community is trying to address— indicated dissent.
She shakes her head, but the fact is that the Government are doing everything they can, as we have set out—the Foreign Secretary has set it out, the Prime Minister has set it out and I have set it out from this Dispatch Box—to try to effect the change that she and I so desperately wish to see.