We want to see an end to the fighting as soon as possible.
Well over six months since Hamas’s terror attack against Israel, it is appalling that the hostages are still being held.
Very many civilians are also dying in Gaza, and this weekend Hamas rockets killed four Israeli Defence Forces soldiers and injured others.
As we have said, the fastest way to end the conflict is to secure a deal that gets the hostages out and allows for a pause in the fighting in Gaza.
We must then turn that pause into a sustainable, permanent ceasefire.
Regarding the situation in Rafah, our position has been consistent.
We are deeply concerned about the prospect of a military incursion, given the number of civilians who are sheltering there and the importance of that entry point for aid.
Entry points for humanitarian aid, including Kerem Shalom, must be reopened quickly to allow aid in.
Israel must facilitate immediate, uninterrupted humanitarian access in the south, especially the entry of fuel, and ensure the protection of civilians and safe passage for those who wish to leave Rafah.
As yet, we have not seen a credible plan to protect civilians.
We are, of course, following closely the latest developments on the hostage talks.
At this stage, while events are still shifting, I cannot—as the House will understand—provide a detailed running commentary.
As the British Government have said, we want to see a deal agreed that would ensure the release of hostages and a pause in the fighting.
A generous offer was on the table last week, proposed by Egypt and accepted by Israel.
We need to see Hamas accept a viable deal and we can start building the momentum towards a permanent sustained ceasefire.
In parallel, we continue to push as hard as we can to get much-needed aid into Gaza via vital land routes, alongside sea and air, to alleviate the suffering.
Israel has now committed to significant steps to increase the amount of aid getting into Gaza.
We now need to see that turned into action to ensure that aid actually gets over the border, and that it is safely and properly distributed.
We look to Israel to meet its commitments to flood Gaza with aid.
Ultimately, we need a long-term solution to this crisis.
This means the release of all hostages; Hamas’s rule dismantled; their ability to attack Israel removed; a new Palestinian Government for the west bank and Gaza; and a political horizon to a two-state solution.
Israelis and Palestinians should be able to live together side by side, in peace and security.
This is our goal.
We will continue working tirelessly to achieve it.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, but I have to say that it is extraordinary that the Government did not come forward with a statement today.
This is a profoundly concerning moment  in this awful war.
Ceasefire negotiations appear to be going backwards.
Today the war is not just continuing, but escalating.
Labour has been clear for months that we oppose an offensive in Rafah, which risks catastrophic consequences.
The United States has said that it would be a disaster, the European Union has said that the world must prevent it, and the United Nations Security Council has called for an immediate ceasefire.
Benjamin Netanyahu is ignoring the warnings of Israel’s allies and partners, the United Kingdom included.
So can the Minister tell me what the consequences will be?
We are already seeing the consequences for civilians: airstrikes in densely packed areas; the Rafah crossing—as well as Kerem Shalom, shamelessly attacked by Hamas—now closed; aid reportedly being blocked; and northern Gaza in full-blown famine.
Some 1.4 million people are sheltering in Rafah, many of them ordered to go there by the IDF in the first place.
Half the children in Gaza are in Rafah.
Where can they go to be safe?
The French Government said yesterday that the forced displacement of any civilian population is a war crime.
Does the Minister agree?
Hamas are a terrorist organisation and their cowardly tactics are reprehensible, but that does not change Israel’s obligation to follow the rules of war, or the Government’s obligations on arms exports, so can the Minister say why he thinks that an attack on Rafah does not present a clear risk of a serious breach of international humanitarian law?
Can he also confirm whether he has received any assessment—not legal advice, but any assessment or policy advice—from Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office officials that the threshold has already been met?
Now more than ever, we need an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages and unimpeded aid to Gaza.
The shadow Foreign Secretary has set out in eloquent terms what is effectively the policy of the Government and the entire House.
He chided the Government for not offering a statement today, but I suggest that the Government have not been slow in coming to the House with frequent statements and responses to urgent questions, and we will of course continue to do so.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Government’s discussions with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and, indeed, the entire Government have been very clear about our advice to Prime Minister Netanyahu, and I have set it out repeatedly in the House.
When I last answered questions from the right hon.
Gentleman here, I made very clear our position on Rafah as well.
He asked about the consequences and how we deal with those.
Britain and our allies, through the United Nations—and I remind him that Britain was pivotal in securing Security Council resolutions 2720 and 2728—are working together to try to improve what is a terrible situation, and we will continue to do just that with, I hope, the support of the whole House.