The only productivity improvement we have seen from this Government is the awarding of wasteful contracts.
On top of all the PPE waste that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eltham (Clive Efford)  referred to, there are still £1 billion-worth of unresolved PPE contracts that this Government awarded, but that have not been delivered on.
Only one company, PPE Medpro, is facing legal action.
Why are the Government not taking legal action against the other companies that have not delivered on their contract with members of the public?
Let me be clear: there is absolutely no hiding place for anyone, whether they are connected to the Conservative party, the Labour Party or any other party.
If they have defrauded the taxpayer, we will go after them.
The Chancellor says that he is making progress, and that there is no hiding place, but that money belongs to our public services.
The Government know that the contracts have not been delivered on, but  they will not reveal the names of the companies and the contracts that have not been delivered on.
If there is no hiding place, why would the Chancellor not name them today?
Because we are taking legal action, and as the hon.
Gentleman knows full well, when we take legal action, that information belongs to the police.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce taxes.
The spring Budget delivered personal tax cuts, including cuts to national insurance, for 29 million workers.
That means that someone on the average salary has the lowest effective personal tax rate since 1975, and that is the lowest effective tax rate of any G7 country.
While responsible tax cuts, such as the £900 cut to national insurance contributions, are welcome, can my right hon.
Friend update the House on when we can expect VAT to be abolished on high-factor sunscreen?
That would not only help to protect more people from one of the leading causes of preventable cancer, but could save the NHS approximately £55 billion.
My hon.
Friend and I have talked about this issue on many occasions.
She will know that high-factor sunscreen is on NHS prescription for certain conditions and is VAT-free when dispensed by a chemist.
With my Chancellor hat on, I should say that we have had £50 billion of requests for VAT relief since Brexit.
It is great to have the freedom to make those changes, but we have to be honest about the trade-offs.
In particular, we must ensure that if we do apply reliefs, the benefits are fed through to consumers.
This weekend, I spoke to a constituent who has invested heavily in a restaurant in my constituency over the last 15 years.
He was in desperation because his business, like two other businesses that have already closed in the town, is being crushed by VAT, business rates and increases in corporate taxes.
He finds that he can no longer sustain a business that has become the love of his life.
Does the Chancellor realise that the tax burden he is imposing on small and medium-sized businesses is crushing this economy?
We are doing everything we can to support small businesses.
Businesses like the one that the right hon.
Gentleman mentions have received, for two years in a row, a 75% discount on their business rates.
That is a massive leg up for businesses recovering from the pandemic.
We have also made sure that any increases in corporation tax apply only to larger businesses.
There is only one major party in British politics that wants to bring down the tax burden for businesses, and it is the Conservative party.
Whether his Department has made a recent assessment of the adequacy of its guidance entitled “The Green Book.”
In 2020, the Treasury undertook a comprehensive review of the Green Book and how it is used in practice, and we have made several changes as a result.
We regularly update the Green Book to ensure that it remains fit for purpose, and we published a further technical update in 2022.
I represent a rural constituency in Dorset in the south-west of England.
My right hon.
Friend will know that it is important to me and my colleagues in the region that the Government give due consideration to the south-west when it comes to allocating funds and investment opportunities to it.
Typically, the Green Book has not adequately allocated funds in favour of Dorset and neighbouring counties.
What steps will she take to correct that?
My hon.
Friend is, as ever, a brilliant advocate for his local area.
I note that West Dorset is getting £4.4 million from the UK shared prosperity fund, and the wider Dorset area is benefiting from a range of other significant investments, including £9.7 million from the future high streets fund, but I am happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
Like  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Chris Loder) , I represent a rural constituency.
Strangford is the reason I am here, and I want to represent it well.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that all updates to and volumes of the Green Book apply to Northern Ireland as well as to other areas across this great nation?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an excellent point—one that I will be discussing with the Northern Ireland Finance Minister in a couple of weeks.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses drive our economy, and we support them to thrive using levers across Government, whether through our small business rates relief, by increasing the VAT registration threshold, or providing reliefs such as the annual investment allowance.
In England, many small businesses receive a 75% reduction in business rates thanks to action by this Conservative Government.
In Wales, the Labour Administration have cut that level of support to 40%, meaning that excellent hospitality businesses such as Martha’s Vineyard in my constituency must find thousands of pounds more in tax.
Does the Minister agree that that is not the way to support the tourism and hospitality sector at a challenging time, and that it is an example of the Labour party saying one thing here at Westminster and doing another where they are in government?
My right hon.
Friend is right that in the autumn statement the Government extended retail, hospitality and leisure relief in England, essentially to cut tax for 230,000 businesses—a tax cut worth £2.5 billion.
The Barnett formula allows the Welsh Labour Government to offer similar relief to Welsh businesses, and it is disappointing, if not surprising, that they have chosen not to.
On Friday, I visited the K C Jones Motor Repairs garage, a medium-sized business of very long standing in Oswestry in North Shropshire.
One of the many challenges that it faces, alongside astronomical energy bills and a shortage of skilled labour, is the business rates that it needs to pay because it must have a high street presence in order for people to take their cars there.
Will the Minister consider fundamental reform of business rates so that businesses that need a high street presence can continue to exist?
At the moment, they are under huge pressure.
As I was saying, we have a 75% relief for most high street businesses.
I encourage the hon.
Lady to look at the package as a whole.
We have increased the VAT threshold, bringing 28,000 businesses like the one she describes out of paying any VAT at all, on top of a range of other measures.
The cherished independent shops and restaurants that line the streets of Morley serve the lifeblood of our community.
In order to safeguard the very heart of our local economy, what bold measures is the Department taking to counter the oppressive weight of skyrocketing business rates imposed by the financially reckless Labour-led Leeds City Council?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a great champion of all businesses in Morley and across Leeds because I have seen it at first hand.
I point out to her as well that the Government have reduced taxation on small businesses, we have increased the VAT threshold, and we have a 75% rate relief for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses, which she alluded to.
It is this Conservative Government who are on the side of hard-working people and businesses across Morley and around the country.
In the last decade, more than one music venue closed every week, including Moles in Bath.
That has resulted in the loss of 4,000 jobs, 14,250 events, over 190,000 performance opportunities, £9 million of income for musicians and £59 million in lost direct economic activity.
What are the Government doing to support small music venues?
We are doing a lot.
We are increasing the VAT threshold, and we have a rates relief package.
The recent spring Budget was one of the biggest packages supporting our cultural industries that this country has ever seen, and I encourage the hon.
Lady to look at it.