The Minister will know that people are still really struggling with the cost of living crisis.
One way that the Government could help is by seeking a bespoke veterinary agreement with the EU.
That would not only cut costs for businesses but stop food prices rising even more.
A future Labour Government would do that, so why will the Government not commit to it?
The hon.
Lady’s first comment was correct: everyone in this House recognises the extreme cost of living challenges over the past few years, and that is precisely why the Government have adopted the strategy of a laser focus on inflation, combined with tax cuts and, recently, national insurance cuts.
We have a very constructive and positive relationship with the EU, and are always engaging with it on a variety of matters.
In the run-up to last week’s elections, the Prime Minister never stopped talking about national insurance cuts, and the Minister talked about them again today, but the Government have been giving with one hand and taking away with the other.
Does the Minister recognise that according to the Resolution Foundation, the combined impact of all the Government’s tax changes leaves workers who earn less than £26,000 a year worse off?
Will he apologise to workers in South Yorkshire, whose average earnings are close to that level, for misrepresenting the position?
Of course we recognise the challenges for those on the lowest incomes, which is precisely why we have adopted a whole bunch of other measures, including on housing allowance.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so opposed to the national insurance cuts that we introduced, why did the Leader of the Opposition support them?
Congratulations, Mr Chishti, on your engagement at the weekend.
You are not crossing the Floor, I understand.
Most definitely not!
It has just been said that there is a real cost of living challenge, and that is absolutely correct.
A key part of that relates to the war in Ukraine, which poses real challenges for energy supplies to the United Kingdom.
As a former Minister who applied sanctions to Russia and looked at the oil price cap, I know that we need to ensure that what happens in Ukraine is offset by actions that hold Russia to account and address the cost of living.
The US has seized Russian assets to pay for the reconstruction of Ukraine; the UK should do the same.
That would help ease the burden on the UK economy and the taxpayer.
It is always a pleasure to see my hon.
Friend in his place.
He raises a variety of really important issues that show precisely why we work across Government—there are multiple Departments involved—on matters relating to sanctions.
The invasion of Ukraine has had an incredible impact around the world, not just in the UK.
Everybody in this House should welcome the fact that, because of action taken by this Government and the Bank of England, and other measures, inflation is now falling and will soon hit target.