My hon.
Friend is right to identify a political horizon that is constructive; when this ghastly fighting is over, we hope that people will lift their eyes to a political horizon.
Britain is doing a lot of work to try to support that opportunity when it comes, and at that point there may well be a role for Britain in the international community to convene something of that sort.
The invasion of Rafah by the Israeli army comes alongside further discoveries of more than 390 bodies in mass graves at the al-Shifa and Nasser hospitals, with the UN confirming evidence of torture, summary executions and instances of people being buried alive and others buried with intravenous needles still in their arms.
At the most recent Foreign Office questions, the Deputy Foreign Secretary said that it would be hard to see how an invasion of Rafah would not be in breach of international humanitarian law.
Given what I have just outlined, do the UK Government finally consider the invasion of Rafah to be a breach of international humanitarian law—yes or no?
Alas, such questions are not susceptible to yes or no answers.
We have made absolutely clear our view about an invasion of Rafah.
The full reality of the specific incidents the hon.
Gentleman mentions is not clear.
We need to recognise, as the British Government have made clear, that full and transparent investigations of those matters is required.
Hamas have apparently said to mediators that they do not have 33 living hostages who fall into the categories of women, children, elderly and sick.
That is an appalling body blow for the relatives of those held captive in Gaza for more than 200 days.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary take the opportunity to acknowledge Israel’s right to take military action to get those people home?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to focus on the awful plight of the hostages, as she has done repeatedly in this House.
She is also right to make it clear that, under international law, Israel has the right to self-defence and to take proportionate action to recover hostages.
Like many others, I pray that pressure from this House and elsewhere can bring this conflict to an end, but we all know that that will require agreement on an Arab-led body to maintain peace, order and security.
How close are we to that agreement?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to try to lift people’s eyes to the political horizon so that from this intolerable misery can come hope for the future.
A great deal of work is going on to pinpoint and augment the sinews of such a political future.
The Foreign Secretary has been in the region repeatedly—especially on the west bank and in Ramallah.
We will continue to do everything we can to plan for that, alongside trying to resolve the desperate situation in Rafah, on which I have tried to set out to the House what Britain is doing.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary reminds us that we are now in the seventh month.
Talks are not making progress, the hostages still have not been released and border crossings are closing; we are entering another dark chapter in this terrible conflict.
The UN World Food Programme warns of a full-blown famine unless more aid can be delivered.
This House is asking what we can do, so will the Deputy Foreign Secretary update us on the building of that new maritime port off Gaza?
That is something that the international community can control, of which we can have full stakeholder ownership.
Once it is operational, will British troops be involved in aid delivery?
In respect of my right hon.
Friend’s final point, we will have to see what is required.
Securing the temporary pier off the coast of Gaza is a way of getting additional aid in swiftly.
He will know that the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Cardigan Bay is in the area, and is effectively the command post for this maritime effort.
Britain is also thoroughly involved, just as it is from the air and from land, in detail in the maritime effort.
The UK Government have long warned Israel that an invasion of Rafah must not happen.
Civilian lives must be protected and aid must enter Gaza.
Prime Minister Netanyahu has shown once again that he is not listening to his allies or the ICJ, and that he is hellbent on turning the whole of Gaza into a graveyard.
Will the UK Government urgently impose a full arms embargo on Israel, which is the only thing the UK can do to try to stop the starvation and potential genocide of those left in Rafah?
The early part of the hon.
Gentleman’s question set out what we are all trying to address.
On an arms embargo, he will know that the amount of arms that Britain supplies is negligible.
Equally, we operate an arms sales regime that is strictly governed by the rules that I have previously set out to the House.
We act in line with the legal advice we receive, and we will continue to do so.
Of course I am greatly concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza right now, but I am also greatly concerned that nothing happens that gives Hamas an increased foothold in Gaza and puts them in a position to inflict more evil and misery, like that we saw on  7 October .
I am also concerned that some of the proposed ceasefire agreements seem to involve releasing hundreds of Hamas terrorists and do not involve all of the hostages being released.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary give me a commitment that we will intensify plans for a Hamas-free Gaza, so that innocent people in Gaza can look forward with hope to a future of peace?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that Hamas can have no role in Gaza in the future.
Much of the work we are doing in that respect is designed to help to build up the Palestinian Authority, so that it can be involved in governing both the west bank and Gaza, as soon as the time is right.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary’s answers today are virtually identical to those he gave, including to me, last Tuesday.
The situation has escalated, but the Government’s response remains the same.
There are 600,000 child hostages in Rafah alone.
There is no proof of life from them, but millions of our people are watching on their phones today the proof of death and mutilation of many of them.
The Government say they are doing everything they can, but they are not.
You could now stop sending weapons to the people who are raining down this death and misery, and the Labour party could ask you to do that, but did not.
Order.
The hon.
Member says “you”, but it is not me who is responsible.
The hon.
Gentleman says that the answers I gave to him and others last Tuesday are the same.
Those answers reflect, in so far as the parameters of the situation are the same, the fact that we are pursuing long-term policies designed to tackle the evils that have been set out so clearly this afternoon in the House.
He also makes a point about the number of children who are denied food and medicine in Rafah.
He will know that through medical aid and the British contribution,  not least through a field hospital, Britain has been careful to ensure that where we can bring medical help, particularly to children, we are doing so.