Instead of addressing one company,

as the bill we are considering today does, we could instead consider

that bill or a related proposal that would improve how Americans access

and control their data across all apps.
The limited data safeguards in

the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications

Act are not sufficient to justify what could amount to a ban on TikTok

in our country.
Civil liberties and legal experts have also raised concerns about

potential constitutional questions regarding this bill.
During his term

former President Donald Trump issued several Executive Orders that

would have had many of the same effects of this bill, but courts struck

down those orders.
Additionally, the state of Montana's legislation to

ban TikTok and similarly prevent it from accessing application stores

was recently put on hold for exceeding the authority of the state and

potentially violating the First Amendment.
I am also concerned that

this bill limits legal challenges to just the first 165 days after the

legislation is enacted and restricts challenges to actions taken under

its authority to within 90 days of their implementation.
These

restrictions and ongoing constitutional questions about limiting

consumer choice and speech could create significant uncertainty as the

bill is implemented.
We should not limit opportunities for Americans to

protect their rights through our legal system.
The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution enshrines the protection

government.
Protecting this right is a cornerstone of our democracy,

and one that I am committed to upholding.
I encourage my colleagues to

vote against this bill so we can return to the table and negotiate a

more comprehensive and effective approach to data privacy.
Once again, I urge my colleagues to vote no.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM FOREIGN ADVERSARY CONTROLLED APPPLICATIONS

ACT

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7521, the

Protecting American from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications Act.
This legislation was passed out of the Energy & Commerce Committee

with a remarkable vote of bipartisanship, unanimously supported 50 to

0, because our nation is facing a clear, emerging threat from foreign

adversaries who have alarming access to Americans' data.
Their control

disinformation and propaganda campaigns literally into the hands of 100

million Americans, including tens of millions of children.
When you download an app, you should ask yourself: Who gains access

to my information?
How are they tracking it?
How is it being used?
Does

a foreign government have access to it?
With regard to TikTok, some answers are clear: TikTok is a company

based in China that is regulated by its Communist government.
TikTok is

tracking users' location information, online activity, and

interactions.
It is not clear the full extent to which users' data is

being used.
Just last week, users were targeted and tracked, and

received difficult-to-dismiss pop-up alerts.
They were tracked based on

their geo-location information, and pushed to call their Member of

Congress, sharing a misleading message calling H.R. 7521 `the TikTok

ban'.
This incident alone raises concerns about the security and safety of

the American public's personal information and how it is being used.
The public deserves to know about the risks to their privacy when using

TikTok.
I support H.R. 7521's provision requiring parent company ByteDance to

sell TikTok within six months to continue operating.
This bill would

also give the President the authority to protect Americans from future

threats from foreign adversaries--namely, China, Iran, North Korea, or

Russia--by requiring that communications applications are divested from

their control if they pose significant threats to our national

security.
I urge my colleagues to support these protections for our national

security and the integrity of our democracy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF GEORGE WILLIAM YOUNG

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.