Within his education and

ministry, Rev. Riley

has strived to establish holistic practices for the next generation of

ministers.
His goal of teaching and unifying our communities of faith

distinguishes him as a leader for all people.
Rev. Riley truly embodies the principles of love, dignity, service,

and humility that define the characteristics of a successful leader in

ministry.
On behalf of Missouri's First District, I congratulate Rev.

Riley on his five-year anniversary and thank him for his continued

commitment to service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ROBERT FOSTER

HON.
BILL PASCRELL, JR.
Mr. PASCRELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent

who has dedicated decades of service to our community through his

commitment to the Boys & Girls Club of Clifton, Mr. Robert Foster.
For

forty-seven years, Robert played an integral role, shaping the lives of

countless young people in our district.
``Mr. Bob'', as he is

affectionately referred to, announced his retirement in December of

2023 after serving as Executive Director for seventeen years.
The Boys

and Girls Club of Clifton is right to honor his legacy at their Annual

Great Futures Gala.
Mr. Foster's involvement with the Boys & Girls Club began at the age

of five when he followed his older brothers to the Club in Kingston,

New York.
Inspired and grateful for the coaching, mentoring, and

encouragement he received, Mr. Foster knew from a young age that he

would continue his participation by pursuing a career in the Boys &

Girls Club of America (BGCA).
After obtaining a Bachelor of Science from Springfield College, Mr.

Foster started his career in the Boys & Girls Club of Clifton.
He

served as the first full-time Social Recreation/Team Director.
During

this time, Mr. Foster fulfilled diverse roles such as Swim Instructor,

Coach, Program Director, Operations Director, and Assistant Executive

Director.
By 2006, Mr. Foster earned his Masters of Human Resource

Development at Clemson University and was appointed as Executive

Director at the Boys & Girls Club of Clifton.
His work for the Boys &

Girls Club expanded beyond Clifton serving as the Acting Director of

the City of Garfield from 2007 to 2009 as well as the Treasurer and

member of the Executive Board of the Boys & Girls Club of New Jersey.
As Executive Director of the Boys & Girls Club of Clifton, Mr.

Foster's leadership contributed to the Club's growth ultimately

accumulating 5,400 registered members.
He collaborated with the Board

of Trustees to manage an operational budget of $6.4 million which

accounted for 28 full-time and 175 part-time staff members, all program

operations, and the appointment of a new chief executive officer.
During his tenure, Mr. Foster partnered with the Clifton Board of

Education to establish the Minds in Motion, 21st Century Grant for

Schools No.
4, No.
12, and No.
17.
Mr. Foster embodied the values of

service over self and effectively empowered our youth by fostering

their personal and academic growth.
Outside of the Boys & Girls Club, Mr. Foster's community service

throughout the years includes his involvement in Clifton's Interagency

Council, the Passaic County Workforce Development Council, Clifton

Optimist Club, Rotary Club of Clifton, and his work as a Commissioner

with the Clifton Board of Recreation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our colleagues, Mr. Foster's family,

friends, and all those whose lives he has touched in recognizing Robert

Foster for his dedication and contributions to his community and the

State of New Jersey.
May his work be a guiding light in our community

and inspire others to strive for excellence in service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF PINE RIDGE BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pine Ridge Baptist

Church in Kountze, Texas, on its 150th year of ministry to the families

and residents of Hardin County.