1065,

Denouncing the Biden administration's immigration policies.
House Republicans have again brought to the House Floor a partisan

messaging resolution that does nothing to begin to fix our broken

immigration system.
If House Republicans were serious about solving the

problems at our southern border, they would negotiate and work to pass

bipartisan legislation that could be approved by both the House and the

Senate and be signed into law by President Biden.
Instead, they continue to attack the current administration to gain

cheap political points.
As I've said many times this Congress, House

Republicans continue to waste our time and

resources on messaging bills like this do-nothing resolution, instead

people.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MARY ESTHER RODRIGUEZ

HON.
JOAQUIN CASTRO

Mr. CASTRO of Texas.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize the

life and legacy of Mary Esther Rodriguez, who passed away on Sunday,

March 10, 2024 in the town of Losoya, Texas.
Mary Esther Rodriguez was born October 4, 1944 in San Antonio, Texas.
The oldest of ten children, she was a devoted wife, mother and

community servant who enjoyed volunteering her time to help those in

need.
As a young woman right out of high school she began working as a

nurse's aide at the San Antonio State Hospital and later focused her

energy as a Home Health Aide for the sick and elderly.
A woman of deep faith she began teaching religious education at 19

years of age and eventually became the Director of Religious Education

at El Carmen Catholic Church in Losoya.
She was moved to instill and

strengthen the role of faith in the lives of children in the same

manner that faith guided her life.
An active member of The Ladies of Charity of Our Lady of Mount Carmel

Church, she lived by their motto ``to serve rather than be served, in

humility, simplicity and charity.''
As a member she visited

parishioners in nursing homes and the homebound, offering assistance to

the poor in the community.
She helped run their community service

programs including the thrift store and wellness center.
She leaves behind her husband, Ramon Rodriguez, a veteran of the U.S.

Air Force, whom she shared a life of love, joy and many blessings over

more than 57 years.
She will be remembered by her daughters Rosalinda

and Elizabeth, her sons-in-law Henry Macias and Estuardo Rodriguez and

her most treasured grandchildren, Maria Isabella, Valencia Lael,

Nicolas, Fidel, Abram, and Emilio.
She will forever remain the heart of

the Rodriguez family and serve as an unyielding call to charity and

service for those she leaves behind.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING REVEREND DR.
ANTHONY L. RILEY

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise with the people of St. Louis to honor

the outstanding tenure of Reverend Dr. Anthony L. Riley.
Rev. Riley has

served as Senior Pastor at Central Baptist Church for five years.
As a historically Black church in the St. Louis community, Central

Baptist Church has a rich 178-year-old history.
Rev. Riley has made his

mark as the church's fourteenth senior pastor.
He formerly served as

Executive Pastor for the Luke Church in Texas, where he provided

leadership to staff, associate ministers, and diaconate.
As a loving husband, devoted father, and dedicated pastor to the

congregants of Central Baptist Church, Rev. Riley has consistently

answered the call of public service.
In 2022, Rev. Riley earned his

Doctorate of Ministry degree in Leadership and Preaching at Virginia

Union University's School of Theology.
Within his education and

ministry, Rev. Riley

has strived to establish holistic practices for the next generation of

ministers.
His goal of teaching and unifying our communities of faith

distinguishes him as a leader for all people.
Rev. Riley truly embodies the principles of love, dignity, service,

and humility that define the characteristics of a successful leader in

ministry.