From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF PINE RIDGE BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
BRIAN BABIN

Mr. BABIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Pine Ridge Baptist

Church in Kountze, Texas, on its 150th year of ministry to the families

and residents of Hardin County.
Pine Ridge Baptist Church was chartered in 1874 by Rev. D.M. Jordan

and his wife, Becky; W.J. Jordan; George B. Jordan and his wife,

Sultana; Jessie Jordan and his wife, Missouri; Jordan Daniels; Rev.

J.W. Teel and his wife, Milley; Mandy Jordan Shaw Cotton; Mary Jane

Jordan Teel; Aletha Laird Herrington; and Thomas Laird.
Land for the new church was donated by Rev. D.M. Jordan and

constructed out of rough pine lumber.
In its early years, homemade

benches lined the walls for seating, handmade quilts were placed on the

floor so children could relax or sleep during longer sermons, and

church baptisms were held in Little Pine Island Bayou.
Following Rev.

Jordan's death in 1906, his son-in-law, Rev. J.W. Teel, took on the

role, and Pine Ridge has been led by many devoted pastors since.
The

church congregation has also grown exponentially over the past 150

years, with membership currently at 240 believers.
Pine Ridge owes much of its preserved history to a man named Nathan

G. Jordan, who joined the church in the late 1890s.
While serving as

the church's second clerk, Nathan's meticulous recordkeeping is

responsible for the many documents, obituaries, meeting minutes, and

biographical information of the area's early settlers and church

members still available today.
Over the past 150 years, the church and its congregation have been

unwavering in their commitment to sharing the good news of salvation

with all who seek to know God.
With its long history of service and

leadership to the community, Pine Ridge Baptist Church continues to

uphold the ideals and traditions of its founders.
I offer my most sincere congratulations on this significant milestone

and wish them continued prosperity as they keep to their mission of

serving the community as the hands and feet of Jesus Christ.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ANN WAGNER

Mrs. WAGNER.
Mr. Speaker, I regret that I was not present for Roll

Call votes on March 13, 2024.
Had I been present, I would have voted

YEA on Roll Call No.
86.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PROTECTING AMERICANS FROM FOREIGN ADVERSARY CONTROLLED APPLICATIONS ACT

speech of

HON.
SUZANNE BONAMICI

Ms. BONAMICI.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 7521,

the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications

Act.
I agree with my colleagues that we must do more to protect personal

information online, safeguard national security from foreign

adversaries, and protect our electoral system from foreign

interference, but this bill is far from the comprehensive approach our

increasingly connected world needs.
I also have serious concerns with

the scope of the legislation and open constitutional questions about

the path forward for its implementation.
Targeting only one foreign adversary-controlled application will not

fully protect consumers' data in our nation.
Energy & Commerce

Committee Chairwoman McMorris Rodgers and Ranking Member Pallone have

already advanced bipartisan, comprehensive data privacy legislation,

and the Biden Administration has issued an Executive Order to Protect

Americans' Sensitive Personal Data.
Instead of addressing one company,

as the bill we are considering today does, we could instead consider

that bill or a related proposal that would improve how Americans access

and control their data across all apps.
The limited data safeguards in

the Protecting Americans from Foreign Adversary Controlled Applications

Act are not sufficient to justify what could amount to a ban on TikTok

in our country.
Civil liberties and legal experts have also raised concerns about

potential constitutional questions regarding this bill.