I urge my colleagues to support these protections for our national

security and the integrity of our democracy.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF GEORGE WILLIAM YOUNG

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I

recognize the remarkable life of George William Young.
Mr. Young was third generation native of Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
George was the second baby born at the then newly completed Broward

General Hospital in 1938.
He attended Broward County public schools and

graduated from Fort Lauderdale High School, and he was raised in a

family with a long history of community service.
His mother, Virginia

S. Young, served on the School Board and was Mayor of Fort Lauderdale.
His father, George F. Young, was a general contractor, as was his

grandfather George Waugh Young.
His grandfather established George

Young Construction in 1911 and built many structures in Fort

Lauderdale, including the Riverside Hotel and First United Methodist

Church.
George was a man with many talents, but education was his calling.
In

1969, he became Vice President of Student Affairs at Broward College, a

position to which he would dedicate the next 30 years of his career.
During his tenure, he developed student affairs divisions on four

campuses, watching enrollment grow from 3,000 to 6,000 students.
He

believed everyone was entitled to a college education and devoted his

career to mentoring those who might not otherwise have had the means to

attend college.
After retirement, George applied the building skills his father and

grandfather had imparted upon him, building his own home on Lower

Matecumbe in the Florida Keys.
He enjoyed his retirement there and in

Hendersonville, North Carolina, where he spent many vacations visiting

his grandparents as a child.
His greatest joy, however, came as a

grandfather to his three grandchildren.
He spent countless hours and

time helping to mentor his three grandchildren into thoughtful and

community-minded human beings.
He passed down many of his virtues and

passions to them, including a love of history, Lionel train collecting,

and fishing.
His collection of vintage Lionel trains is one of the

largest in the country, the result of a passion he developed as a

teenager while employed as the Lionel train repairman at Hobby House in

downtown Fort Lauderdale.
My heart is with George's family, friends, and colleagues, but his

loss will be felt by our entire community.
His humility and kindness

touched everyone who knew him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

UNITED CEMENT GROUP

HON.
WESLEY HUNT

Mr. HUNT.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to inquire about a possible and

deliberate violation of U.S. imposed sanctions due to Russian

aggression.
As the war in Ukraine carries on and as Russian sanctions are

imposed, I worry that our focus on Russian assets and agents in Europe

has overlooked assets and agents in former Soviet republics such as

Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan.
I would like to draw specific attention to various companies

registered in Cyprus which operate in these former Soviet republics.
One such example is a Cyprus-registered company which operates in

Uzbekistan and Russia called United Cement Group (UCG).
UCG acquired the Uzbekistan government's stake in one of the

country's largest cement factories in early 2022 in what has been

described as an ``opaque'' transaction with no formal tender and a

significant discount on the sale price.
This acquisition by UCG has

positioned the company to now control about 50 percent of Uzbekistan's

cement capacity.
We are seeing monopolization under the guise of privatization, to the

benefit of Russia.
This is just one example of a bad actor in these relatively

overlooked countries that are taking advantage of the international

focus on Ukraine.