Title: CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF THE TRI-VALLEY NONPROFIT ALLIANCE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
47

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING 10 YEARS OF THE TRI-VALLEY NONPROFIT ALLIANCE

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Tri-Valley

Nonprofit Alliance on a decade of uplifting and supporting Tri-Valley

nonprofit organizations, as they celebrated their ten-year anniversary

on Thursday, March 14, 2024.
Founded in Livermore 2014 by Kathy Young and Mony Nop, the Tri-Valley

Nonprofit Alliance has fostered support for its growing network of over

300 community-based nonprofit organizations through education,

collaboration, and financial support.
The Tri-Valley Nonprofit Alliance

offers educational workshops, industry-related seminars, workforce

development programming, and access to a supportive professional

network through their monthly meetings and networking events.
To date,

the Tri-Valley Nonprofit Alliance has offered over 100 educational

workshops specifically for nonprofit organizations.
The Tri-Valley Nonprofit Alliance provides financial support through

its Tri-Valley Nonprofit Fund, which has given over $380,000 in grants

to more than 40 nonprofits.
This financial support is crucial to help

organizations carry out diverse programs to help those in need.
In June 2022, the Tri-Valley Nonprofit Alliance opened the

CommonPoint Nonprofit Center in Downtown Livermore, offering physical

workspaces and offices for over 20 growing organizations and

consultants.
The Anti-Poverty Collaborative is another Tri-Valley Nonprofit

Alliance-led initiative, and yet another example of their innovative

thinking and solutions.
It seeks to eradicate poverty by bringing

together leaders from nonprofit organizations, faith organizations, and

elected officials to create innovative policies and solutions to create

systems-level change.
With mindful guidance and leadership, Tri-Valley Nonprofit Alliance

has become a force for good in my district.
They have fostered a safe

space for nonprofits, big and small, to collaborate and grow.
I

appreciate their work and wish them many more years of success.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING ENZO GAMBA

HON.
AARON BEAN

Mr. BEAN of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, the Isle of Eight Flags, Fernandina

Beach, Florida is home to many great things, whether it be the beaches,

parks, or our pirate legacy; now we are also home to a wrestling state

champion.
I rise today to celebrate Enzo Gamba, a Fernandina Beach High School

Pirate from my hometown of Fernandina Beach who recently won the

Florida High School Athletic Association wrestling championships.
Enzo, just like the Fernandina Beach pirates of old, went for the

treasure and brought home gold.
Competing in Class 1A at the 157-pound

division, Enzo won the final by decision, 8-4.
Not only did this

victory win him a state championship, but it also capped off an

undefeated season for Enzo.
Fifty-four matches, Fifty-four victories.
Enzo was phenomenal all season long and winning the state

championship firmly lands him on the map as one of the all-time great

Pirate athletes.
We are exceptionally proud of this young man.
The Pirates team, led by Coach Eric Kubatzke, brought home four

individual state medals in total at the wrestling championships.
All of

Fernandina Beach High School, under the leadership of Principal Chris

Webber, played a role in this success.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Fernandina Beach and Florida's 4th

Congressional District, I ask that my colleagues in Congress join me in

congratulating Enzo on this remarkable achievement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

DENOUNCING THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION'S IMMIGRATION POLICIES

speech of

HON.
BETTY McCOLLUM

Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H. Res.
1065,

Denouncing the Biden administration's immigration policies.
House Republicans have again brought to the House Floor a partisan

messaging resolution that does nothing to begin to fix our broken

immigration system.
If House Republicans were serious about solving the

problems at our southern border, they would negotiate and work to pass

bipartisan legislation that could be approved by both the House and the

Senate and be signed into law by President Biden.