Mr. BERGMAN.
Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Howard Seid for his numerous efforts to better the lives of veterans across Ontonagon County and the Upper Peninsula.
Through his bountiful service, charitable nature, and continued leadership, Howard has become irreplaceable to the people of the great State.
None are more deserving of recognition, as Howard has gone above and beyond in his commitment to the local communities.
Prior to his work with veterans, Howard served in the United States Air Force, where he held the roles of Trainer Pilot, Airlift Pilot, and Wing Commander.
After 27 years, he retired at the rank.
His devotion to the people of his country and fellow servicemen remains steadfast.
It is difficult to fully encapsulate all the ways in which Howard works to better the lives of veterans.
Since 1992, he has been an active member of The American Legion Post 92.
In 2017, he became the chapter's Commander and continues to hold that position today.
Under his leadership, the post has become a profitable and active community center with many veterans attending weekly events.
Similarly, he has served both as the Western U.P. representative on the U.P. Veterans Community Action Team and as Vice-Chairman of their Steering Committee for the past 6 years.
Furthermore, Howard has been instrumental in ensuring that veterans in the U.P. have access to sufficient medical facilities and treatments.
As a volunteer for Disabled American Veterans, he has logged over 10,000 hours transporting individuals to doctor appointments and hospital visits.
Additionally, he works to honor veterans across the Upper Peninsula, organizing events like an annual veteran fishing day on a private and handicap-accessible pond.
Since retiring from the Air Force, Howard has spent years serving veterans, and his efforts have provided a much-needed support for our military heroes.
Outside of his work for veterans, Howard is an active and charitable community member.
He has been responsible for planning and executing Rockland community's annual Christmas gathering for the last 7 years.
Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, he ensured that every child received a hand-delivered gift from Santa traveling atop a firetruck.
In addition, he serves as a member of the Ottawa Lions Club, St. Paul Methodist Church, U.P. Sport Fishing Association, and Rockland Volunteer Fire Department.
As a Colonel, a veteran, a volunteer, and a Yooper, Howard has consistently put the needs of others before his own.