Mr. CONNOLLY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of my dear friend Janet Amend Carver, a dedicated public servant who passed away on July 23, 2023, at the age of 90.
Born January 7, 1933 near San Jose, California, Janet graduated from high school in 1949 from Immaculate Heart High School in Hollywood.
In 1954, she graduated from the University of Redlands with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Far East history.
While at Redlands, she was the editor Janet then pursued graduate studies at the University of Oslo on a scholarship from the Storting (Norwegian Parliament).
Janet moved to Washington, D.C., where she joined the U.S. Foreign Service in 1955 and in 1957 joined the staff of 
Senator Thomas H. Kuchel (CA).
Later, she served as the district manager for most of Northern Virginia for the 1980 Census and ended her working career as a staff member for Mount Vernon Supervisor Gerry Hyland.
In 1963, Janet embarked on an admirable career as a volunteer with many different Virginia Democratic Party organizations.
Her tireless efforts earned her widespread recognition.
Janet joined the Fairfax County Democratic Committee in 1965, campaigning for progressive candidates in opposition to the then ruling Byrd Machine.
She held numerous positions over the years, including member of the Virginia Democratic State Central Committee; First Vice Chair of the 8th Congressional District Democratic Committee (CDDC); First Vice Chair of the 11th CDDC; and 3-time chair of the Springfield Democratic Committee.
In 2002, she received the 8th CDDC's Eagle Award for outstanding lifetime achievements in civil rights and public service.
In 2008, she was elected to represent Virginia's 11th Congressional District in the Electoral College where she cast her vote for thencandidate for President Barack Obama.
Beyond her professional achievements, Janet was an avid traveler, camper, and bird watcher.
She visited all 50 states, Canada, Mexico, and many countries in Europe, Africa, and South America.
Janet instilled in her children their civic duty and sacred right to vote in every election.
Her kindness and lively spirit touched the lives of many, leaving a mark on those who knew her.
Janet leaves behind her beloved husband of 65 years, John; her cherished children and their spouses, Wendy, Ted (Mary), and Andy (Terri); her treasured grandchildren, Elisabeth, Derek, and Annemarie; her dear sister and brother-in-law, Carole and Ernie Labastida; nieces and nephews, cousins, and friends.