Time to be announced Committee on Veterans' Affairs Business meeting to consider the nomination of John Bartrum, of Indiana, to be Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Health.
S-216 9:30 a.m.
Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 2960, to develop economic tools to deter aggression by the People's Republic of China against Taiwan, S. 2130, to make improvements to the AUKUS partnership, S. 2424, to require a report of, and a strategy to combat, arms sales of the Government of the People's Republic of China, S. 1744, to amend the Arms Export Control Act to include Taiwan among the list of recipient countries with respect to which shorter certification and reporting periods apply and to expedite licensing for allies transferring military equipment to Taiwan, S. 2626, to strengthen the leadership role of the United States at the InterAmerican Development Bank, S. 2146, to require the United States Executive Director at the International Monetary Fund to advocate for increased transparency with respect to exchange rate policies of the People's Republic of China, S. 2950, to require the Secretary of State and relevant executive branch agencies to address international scam compounds defrauding people in the United States, to hold significant transnational criminal organizations accountable, S. 2550, to provide for international cooperation to secure critical mineral supply chains, S. 1854, to require the imposition of sanctions with respect to political and economic elites in Haiti, S. 2657, to impose sanctions relating to the support of the People's Republic of China for the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation, S. 2018, to modify certain limitations and exclusions regarding defense articles and requirements regarding security assistance and sales with respect to the Republic of Cyprus, S. 799, to establish and implement a multi-year Legal Gold and Mining Partnership Strategy to reduce the negative environmental and social impacts of illicit gold mining in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2684, to support countries in Latin America and the Caribbean that maintain official diplomatic relations with Taiwan, to counter efforts by the People's Republic of China to coerce or pressure governments into breaking such ties, to deepen coordination with Taiwan on diplomatic, development, and economic engagement in the Western Hemisphere, S. 2224, to amend the Taiwan Allies International Protection and Enhancement Initiative (TAIPEI) Act of 2019 to provide that the United States, in its role as a member of any international organizations, should oppose any attempts by the People's Republic of China to resolve Taiwan's status by distorting the decisions, language, policies, or procedures of any such organization, S. 2918, to amend the Rebuilding Economic Prosperity and Opportunity for Ukrainians Act to improve the implementation of the seizure of Russian sovereign assets for the benefit of Ukraine, S. 1000, to establish an Ambassador-at-Large for Arctic Affairs, S. Res. 409, recognizing the 74th anniversary of the signing of the Mutual Defense Treaty between the United States and the Philippines and the strong bilateral security alliance between our two nations in the wake of escalating aggression and political lawfare by the People's Republic of China in the South China Sea, S. 2978, to provide for the designation of the Russian Federation as a state sponsor of terrorism, and S. Res. 226, condemning the Government of the People's Republic of China for engaging in transnational repression.
S-116 10 a.m.
Committee on Environment and Public Works
To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mitch Graves, and Jeff Hagood, both of Tennessee, Rand Arthur Graham, of Florida, each to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority.
SD-562 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine labor law reform part 2, focusing on new solutions for finding a pro-worker way forward.
SD-430 10:15 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain nominations.
SD-G50 10:30 a.m.
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Stephen Carmel, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Maritime Administration, Laura DiBella, of Florida, and Robert Harvey, of Florida, both to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner, and Timothy Petty, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere.
SR-253 3:30 p.m.
Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine modernizing health care, focusing on how shoppable services improve outcomes and lower costs.
SH-216