I think we will have to agree to disagree with the Minister about the record of the last Government on driving up apprenticeships, and in particular the work done by our colleague Robert Halfon.
Looking ahead, by how much does the Minister expect the number of full apprenticeships to grow over the course of this Parliament?
Will she publish the Department’s assessment of the move to the growth and skills levy and what that does to the number of people starting apprenticeships?
Our reformed growth and skills levy will deliver greater flexibility for learners and employers and will align with our industrial strategy, creating routes into good skilled jobs in growing industries, such as construction, digital and green skills.
We want a shorter duration of foundation apprenticeships in those targeted sectors to help more people learn new high skills at work, fuelling innovation in businesses across the country, and to provide high-quality entry pathways for young people.
We are in the process of designing the growth and skills levy, and we will set out more details in due course.
What steps she is taking to help increase the number of students undertaking vocational training courses.
Further education is vital in breaking down barriers to opportunity, driving growth and generating clean energy.
The Budget allocated £300 million to support young people and improve skills development.
In September, the Department launched a new phase of the “It all starts with skills” campaign to promote programmes such as apprenticeships and T-levels.
After 14 years of Tory decline, there is much to do in this country to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
A lot of people need jobs to help us achieve that.
I am glad that the new Government are working to increase the number of students being trained in the industries of the future, but will the Minister tell us how she is working across Government to make sure that more young people can find those opportunities locally, rather than having to move away from their local communities?
Central to our opportunity mission is that where someone is from should not determinewhere they end up in life.
This Government are serious about supporting young people.
We are working across Government to ensure that young people are supported in their communities through devolution, local growth plans, local skills improvement plans and the youth guarantee.
The largest provider of vocational education and training opportunities in my constituency is Harrogate college, which was previously promised more than £20 million in a combination of loans and grants under the FE capital transformation fund.
I have written repeatedly to the Government to ask if they can secure an extension to that funding period because, due to a hold-up in the planning process, it will not be able to meet the deadlines.
Will the Minister commit to guaranteeing the funding for Harrogate college for that rebuild?
The hon.
Member outlined many failings by the previous Government.
I will ask my noble Friend the Minister for Skills to meet him.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to support children with SEND.
What steps she is taking to improve SEND provision in Warwickshire.
Every child deserves the opportunity to achieve and to thrive but, currently, far from every child has that chance.
We have announced that high needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25.
We will work with the sector to strengthen accountability, improve inclusivity through Ofsted, support professionals to increase SEND expertise and encourage schools to set up resourced provision or special educational needs units in mainstream schools.
My constituent Suzie waited for an education, health and care plan for her son Harrison for 42 weeks.
By law, they have to be provided within 20 weeks, so Conservative-run Kent county council took more than twice the amount of time that it should have done.
When it came, it was full of mistakes, and Harrison is now in the wrong school, his class size is too big and he does not have the specialist support he requires.
Previously, Kent county council was put in special measures to sort out the problem with EHCP provision.
Would the Secretary of State support KCC going back into special measures so that students like Harrison get the support that they deserve?
I am sorry to hear about the challenges faced by the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
Local authorities have been impacted by the increased   demand for education, health and care plans and by workforce capacity issues, so more efficient and effective service delivery and communication with schools and families is central to turning that around.
We will work as quickly as possible to ensure a more effective response and early identification for children, and I will take away the particular example he raises.
Devon county council is spending  £55 million on private provision for special educational needs and disabilities, without enough quality control by the county council.
State schools in mid and east Devon want to be able to help provide more SEND specialists and teaching assistants, but EHCPs are prescribing one-to-one care with just £3,000, which is hardly enough for one-to-one provision.
Will the Government consider setting up more SEND resource bases in Devon?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
It is vital for turning around the current situation faced by far too many parts of the country.
There is not sufficient mainstream inclusion for children with special educational needs, there are not enough specialist units as part of mainstream school inclusion, and we do not have the specialist places needed, so I will, of course, take away the hon.
Gentleman’s specific example.
In West Sussex, EHCP requests are running at over 120 per month.
Will the Secretary of State’s SEND reforms include measures that could make it harder to get an EHCP, potentially making it harder for children to qualify for special school places?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
I suspect it is on the back of 14 years of letting down children who need the education that is clearly wanting in so many parts of the country that explains the number of Members raising these issues today.
She would do well to reflect on the record of the past 14 years.
We are changing the situation as fast as we can, but it will take time.
The previous Conservative Government left SEND families in Stratford-on-Avon to fend for themselves.
I want not just additional SEND places, but continued support for children already attending specialist provision.
Further, we need proper investment in home-to-school transport.
Children were left without transport at the beginning of the academic year, depriving them of access to their education.
What are the Government doing to ensure not just that budgets reflect need, but that they do so to address the problem immediately?
I recognise the long list of challenges the hon.
Lady sets out, which she knows her constituents are facing.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities are being failed with poor outcomes, and parents are struggling to get their children the support they need and deserve.
This Government’s ambition is for all children and young people with special educational needs or in alternative provision to get the right support to achieve and succeed in their education and as they move into adult life.
We are moving as fast as we can.
It is a key part of our opportunity mission and we will continue to do so.