What steps she is taking to link the school curriculum with skills needed in the workplace.
Under the Conservatives, young people felt unprepared for their futures, and employers agreed.
That is why this Labour Government have established an independent curriculum and assessment review chaired by Professor Becky Francis.
The review aims to deliver a broad and rich curriculum that ensures that young people leave education ready for life and work, which includes embedding digital, oracy and life skills.
There is a shortage of technical skilled workers across our economy.
It is a chronic problem, not least in sectors such as clean energy.
For example, there are only 3,000 registered heat pump installers, but to deliver the last Government’s target of 600,000 installations a year we would need 27,000 of them.
That is repeated across the economy.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that schools have a hugely important role in encouraging young people into technical roles?
What are the Government doing to support young people into technical, skilled jobs?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his work on the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
He has a long-established record of championing this issue in the House, and I agree with him.
That is why our curriculum review will include speaking to employers as part of the consultation about the essential knowledge and skills that will support and enable students to adapt and thrive in the world and workplace of the future, as well as ensuring that we have that specialist knowledge in schools to support young people to thrive.
Everyone knows that a knowledge-rich curriculum is the reason why the English education system improved dramatically under the last Government.
The embedding of academic rigour produced phenomenal results in PISA —the programme for international student assessment.
With that in mind, will the Minister confirm that she has no intention of diluting the curriculum or any focus on academic rigour?
The hon.
Gentleman ignores the many challenges that young people face in our school system.
We have established the independent review, which will consider areas to focus on in the light of the evidence, responses to the call to evidence and widespread engagement with stakeholders, including employers.
The review will seek to focus on the most significant issues in our curriculum and assessment, but will not destabilise the system.
We are looking for evolution, not revolution, of our curriculum.