We are proud of the investment that we are making in school buildings.
I would be delighted not only to meet my hon.
Friend but to visit his constituency.
Will the Secretary of State acknowledge, as the right hon.
Baroness Smith of Basildon has in the other place, that concerns around freedom of speech and academic freedom in our universities are not a botched culture war but a serious matter that needs to be addressed properly?
As I said to the right hon.
Gentleman during the last Education questions, I believe in the vital importance of freedom of speech and freedom of expression within our university campuses.
University is a place where young people should be exposed to views that they might find difficult or challenging; however, it is important that any legislation in this area is workable.
The current national guidelines on school transport mean that children who live less than 3 miles from school do not get any support in Government funding.
In my constituency, that means that some of the most deprived kids either have to walk an hour and a half a day to and from school, or their already struggling families have to find the money for their transport.
Will the Minister meet me to talk about this and see whether the 3-mile limit can be changed?
We are committed to removing barriers to opportunity for every child.
No child should struggle to access education because of a lack of transport.
We are keen to understand how well the transport system is working for children accessing schooling,  and I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
The majority of teachers have had no more than half a day’s training on autism.
If the Government are as   committed as they say they are to ensuring that most children with special educational needs and disabilities receive a mainstream education, what will they do to ensure that teacher training meets children’s needs?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that this is an area where we must do more, and do it better.
I hear, as she doubtless does, from teachers and support staff that they want additional training and support in this crucial area, and we will ensure that it is part of our SEND reform.
We know that children with special educational needs and disabilities are more likely to live in poverty, so how will my right hon.
Friend ensure that children with special and complex needs are incorporated into the child poverty strategy?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work that she leads on behalf of this House on the Education Committee.
Our child poverty taskforce is absolutely focused on this area.
We will listen to and engage directly with families across the UK, including those who have children with SEND.
As she identifies, child poverty blights the life chances of far too many, and that must change.
Carers Trust estimates that two children in every classroom across the UK are young carers, yet 72% of schools say that they have no young carers on their roll.
What steps is the Department taking to address that?
We have recently required all schools to provide that data, so that we can find out where the young carers are and ensure that they gain the support that they need.
Through the children’s framework, they can have an assessment alongside their parents.
I am happy to speak further on this matter.
I welcomed the Budget last week, in which the Chancellor confirmed the recruitment of 6,500 teachers.
Will the Secretary of State please confirm how those extra teachers, including specialist teachers, will be recruited, and how issues such as workload, working conditions and support for the training and development of new and existing teachers and school support staff will be addressed?
We know that having a well-supported, highly qualified teacher at the front of the class makes the single biggest difference to children’s life chances, but it is also crucial that we tackle issues around workload and pay.
That is why I was delighted that we were able to bring in a fully funded 5.5% pay award for our teachers, to recognise their brilliant hard work on behalf of our children, our families and our country.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the implications of the Budget for farming communities.