Preventive education is critical, and not just when it comes to knife crime.
A recent report from the University of Bath highlighted that one in six vapes confiscated in school contains the synthetic drug Spice, a highly addictive drug that condemns young people—in particular, vulnerable young people—to a life of crime and addiction.
Will the Secretary of State agree to a special educational programme to address the alarming issue of Spice-spiked vapes in schools?
We want to make sure that every school and college across our country is a safe environment for children to learn.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to understand those issues in more detail.
What steps she plans to take to improve the pay, terms and conditions of teaching assistants and support staff.
School support staff are crucial to ensuring that we give children the best possible life chances.
That is why we are reinstating the school support staff negotiating body, the new national voice for some of those who do the most important work in our schools.
In 2010, the Tories scrapped the body.
Within our first 100 days, Labour started the legislative process to bring it back.
That is because we value the vital role that support staff play in our education system.
Low pay and limited career progression are driving many teaching support staff out of our classrooms.
Three quarters of the profession are either considering leaving or are actively looking to leave, with one in five teaching assistant posts currently vacant.
Will my right hon.
Friend recommit to addressing this recruitment and retention crisis and ensure that these hugely valued employees receive the wages and terms and conditions that they have longed for, for so long?
My hon.
Friend can be assured that the school support staff negotiating body will be tasked with establishing a national terms and conditions handbook, training, career progression routes and fair pay rates for support staff to make sure that we can recruit and retain the brilliant people, including teaching assistants and catering staff, who are essential to the functioning of our schools.
Teaching assistants in my constituency are struggling to support a growing number of children who need extra help with speech and language skills.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that all school support staff have access to relevant training in speech and language development so that they can better support those children?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise that.
Our teaching assistants in particular have a crucial role to play in supporting children with special educational needs and disabilities.
That is why we have committed additional funding this year so that we can roll out the Nuffield early language intervention to ensure that there is additional early speech and language support for children who are struggling.
Our teaching assistants and others in support roles will be a crucial part of that, but I recognise that there is much more that we need to do after 14 years of Conservative failure.