The additional £1 billion in the Budget for SEND support is very welcome, but the Minister will know that local authorities remain anxious about the forthcoming end to the statutory override of dedicated schools grant deficits in March 2026.
What discussions is the Minister having with the Treasury and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government on a plan to prevent the end of the statutory override from becoming a cliff-edge financial calamity for local authorities and children with SEND?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, high-needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in 2025-26, compared with 2024-25, bringing total high-needs funding to £11.9 billion.
That funding will help local authorities and schools with the increasing cost of supporting children and young people with SEND.
We will continue to support local authorities to meet those demands and reform our system, so we can create inclusive education for every child.
I want to raise the issue of governance.
There are too many minds controlling the system, which ultimately stymies local authorities’ ability to reform services in order to embed a culture of nurturing and to ensure that the best interests of children are represented.
While reviewing the SEND system, will the Minister take a look at governance, and ensure that is there is one controlling mind, and it is that of the local authority?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of our plans to ensure that all schools co-operate, within their local facilities, with their local authorities when it comes to place-planning and admissions, to ensure that we have a school system that serves the whole community and to ensure that all children, whether or not they have special educational needs and disabilities, are properly served and given the opportunity to thrive within that system.
I apologise for my premature bobbing at the beginning of this questions session, Mr Speaker.
My constituent has been waiting for more than a year for Conservative-run Lancashire county council to issue her 15-year-old son’s EHCP.
In that time he has attempted suicide and has stopped eating, and my constituent’s health is suffering as a result of the stress.
How can the Minister reassure my constituent that the additional £1 billion for SEND provision will speed up the issuing of EHCPs so that students with special needs receive the support that they need?
I am sorry to hear about the experience of my hon.
Friend’s constituent, and she was right to raise it today.
We know that far too many families and children are waiting far too long to receive the support that they need, and we are determined to reform the system, because children’s needs should be recognised at the earliest possible stage.
They should not be waiting for EHCPs in order to receive that support within our education system.
That is the change  that we want to see, but we recognise the demand on EHCPs and the process, and we recognise that we need to improve.
That is happening throughout Lancashire, including Chorley.
The 2014 reforms put SEN rights at the heart of the special educational needs system, but the then Government did only half the job, failing to honour the resources that they had promised.
EHCPs take too long to access, and children are often sent out of borough to receive specialist education, which is more expensive.
How will the Government provide more SEN provision in our mainstream schools in towns such as mine?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the priority of ensuring that children with special educational needs and disabilities are accommodated in mainstream schools with their friends whenever possible.
We are ensuring that training is available from the earliest possible stage so that those in the workforce can teach children with SEND, and that educational psychology services are there to help schools to make any changes that are necessary.
We want to work in partnership with the sector to secure the best outcomes for every child.
What steps she is taking to make childcare more accessible.
Ensuring that parents have access to affordable and high-quality childcare is a priority for this Government.
We will focus on greater opportunities for every family to access early education, and on greater opportunities for children to thrive and develop.
As an initial step, we have announced the bidding round for the first 300 school-based nurseries from next September.
Many early years providers struggle to meet the needs of children with SEND.
Lack of funds, lack of training and lack of specialist staff often mean that those that do provide a good or excellent service quickly become over-subscribed.
What steps is the Department taking to reassure parents and carers of children with SEND that those children will have access to the childcare or early years provision in their areas that meets their needs?
We are helping members of the workforce to develop the skills and confidence that will enable them to work effectively with children with SEND, and reviewing early years funding arrangements to ensure that they meet the needs of those children.
I should be happy to meet my hon.
Friend or visit her constituency to understand the issues that her local providers are facing.
Martin Lewis has long campaigned for changes in childcare, in particular because the way in which it is set up can damage single parents.
There is an obvious cliff edge.
The last Government proposed a consultation on thresholds for households being taken as one, but this Government seem to have scrapped that in the Budget.
Will Ministers  be speaking to the Treasury to decide how they will overcome this cliff edge that affects so many single parents?