Mr Speaker, “losing a farm is not like losing any other business—it can’t  come back.”
Those are not my words, but the words of our Prime Minister at the National Farmers Union conference just last year.
Over the weekend, we have heard gut-wrenching stories from farmers up and down the nation who feel completely and utterly betrayed by the measures in this Budget.
I ask the Minister: why does the Secretary of State continue to say that he is proud of his family farm tax?
Does the Minister realise that the vast majority of farming families are not multimillionaires?
Most are cash poor and many are struggling to break even.
How does the Secretary of State expect farmers, in his words, to do—[Interruption.]
Order.
Can I just say to  the hon.
Member for East Thanet (Ms Billington)  that I do not need any chuntering?
Do we understand?
How does the Secretary of State expect farmers to do more with less?
Why is he happy to hand our next generation of farmers an impossible tax bill?
Next, the Government claim that small family farmers will be protected, yet the Country Land and Business Association and the NFU have today disputed the Government’s figures.
Will the Minister commit to releasing a full assessment of his policy, including an impact on national food security?
While the changes to inheritance tax relief have been gaining the national headlines, there are many other negative impacts on farming businesses from the Budget.
Increased national insurance contributions, coupled with a lower national threshold; an accelerated reduction in de-linked payment rates; higher taxes on double-cab pick-up vehicles; new taxes on fertilisers—I could go on, but this all begs the question: does  the right hon.
Member for Streatham and Croydon North (Steve Reed)  actually know anything about farming at all?
More importantly, after the Secretary of State looked British farmers in the eye and specifically promised them that there would be no changes to agricultural property relief, how on earth can farmers believe a single word that his Minister is about to say?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for promoting me to Secretary of State—I hope he has similar success in the coming hours.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a whole series of questions.
He asked again, as others have, about other elements in the Budget.
The figures are absolutely there; they were published by the Treasury and are there for all to read.
They are the facts on the estates that have made claims on agricultural property relief in the last year available.
[Interruption.]
They are there for everyone to see.
It is not difficult, it is not complicated—they are there.
Something that perhaps has not been said, but which should be, is that there were many calls to reflect the changing way in which farming operates by including environmental land management schemes within the scope of agricultural property relief.
I hear nothing from Opposition Front Benchers about that.
Do they not understand the way in which British farming is changing?
Many farmers in my constituency of Hastings and Rye are feeling the impact of 14 years of Conservative failure.
In particular, they have faced many challenges  with flooding.
Can the Minister tell me what steps we have taken in the Budget to protect small family farms and how we will continue to support farmers facing flooding?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend because she makes some important points.
Ahead of the Budget, there were lots of predictions about what would happen.
Of course, what happened is that this Government have protected the farming budget—indeed, raised it—and we are absolutely committed to paying out to farmers the £60 million that they deserve for flooding.
That is £60 million, of course, that was not really budgeted for by the Conservatives, as part of their £22 billion black hole.
The difference between us and them is that we are taking a responsible approach, which means that farmers can look forward to a stable future, as opposed to the chaos of the last decade.