The sun always shines on Chorley, Mr Speaker.
One thing that helps young people to gain skills is involvement in the cadets, but the Department recently confirmed a decision to cancel support payments to combined cadet forces in state schools.
That payment was something that people involved in the cadets and teachers really valued.
What assessment was made beforehand of the impact that this cut would have?
Will the Secretary of State reconsider it?
We respect all our young people who are in the cadets or any other armed forces areas.
The hon.
Gentleman raises this point, but after 14 years of the previous Government’s failure and the £22 billion black hole, there are difficult choices to be made.
We are absolutely committed to children and young people and to doing the best we can do by them.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle persistent school absences among young carers.
The Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunities for all young people, including young carers who provide a critical role in caring for their loved ones.
We now collect specific absence data for young carers through the school census, and our statutory attendance guidance seeks to ensure that they receive holistic support to overcome barriers to attendance.
One thing that might be driving absences from schools for young carers is long-term mental health conditions.
The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health says that as many as one in five young carers  could be suffering from long-term mental health conditions.
Can the Minister explain what measures the Department is taking to ensure that sufficient help is in place for people suffering from those conditions?
We want to ensure that we support young carers in school, as well as other children who may be suffering from mental health conditions.
This Government are entirely committed to supporting young people with mental health conditions, and we are making sure that there will be mental health support in every school up and down the country.
For young carers who may be experiencing increasing mental health conditions, we are expanding the attendance mentoring programme to ensure that around an extra 10,800 young carers are supported, especially in the area of mental health.[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol. 757, c. 3WC.]
(Correction)
What recent progress the independent curriculum and assessment review has made.
What progress the independent curriculum and assessment review has made.
Our independent curriculum and assessment review was launched in July.
It will support our ambition for high and rising standards for all, and for a broader curriculum with an excellent foundation in the core subjects.
The review has launched its call for evidence, and there is still time to participate.
The review will publish its interim report in early 2025, with final recommendations in autumn 2025.
Research from the University of Cambridge shows that financial habits are often set by the age of seven, yet financial education for young people is still a postcode lottery.
It is not part of the primary curriculum, and many teachers at secondary level, where it is part of the curriculum, lack resources and confidence in teaching it.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether such foundational life skills, which all young people need in order to thrive, will be considered at all key stages in the curriculum and assessment review?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for highlighting this important area, which has been raised by many Members in the past.
I am sure the review will carefully consider what financial education young people need to meet that aim, and it will, of course, consider what support we need to provide to enable teachers to teach the reformed curriculum successfully.
I think parents will be quite alarmed by the answer given to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Patrick Spencer) , as it had very little focus on academic attainment.
The Education Secretary appointed Becky Francis, who attacked the Blair Government for their obsession with academic achievement.
The National Education Union denies that school accountability should be at the heart of our  assessment system, which is wrong, so will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to rule out scrapping SATs in year 6?
I rather fear that the hon.
Gentleman and his party have learned nothing from the massive defeat inflicted upon them by voters in July.
I can assure this House that the review will be evidence-based and will not seek to fix things that are not broken.
However, I remind the hon.
Gentleman that his record is a SEND system in crisis, one in five children persistently absent from school—they cannot learn if they are not there—falling standards, a persistent disadvantage gap, and over half of disadvantaged pupils in state primary schools not leaving with the required standards in English and maths.
He might be proud of that record, but I  am not.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week’s Budget protects key education priorities, putting education back at the forefront of national life and breaking down barriers to opportunity for every child at every stage.
The Department for Education’s settlement means that we can begin to deliver on this Government’s mission: rolling out funded childcare, rebuilding and maintaining our school and college estate, reforming the SEND system, investing in children’s social care, and ensuring that young people have the skills that they need to seize opportunity.
Additionally, the £2.3 billion increase in core schools funding, together with July’s fully funded 5.5% teacher pay award, further supports our commitment to recruit 6,500 new teachers.
This Government will fix the foundations to deliver change, and there is no better place to start than education.
West Dorset has seen a 134% increase in the number of children requiring SEN support in the last six years.
As of the latest data, more than 275 children are waiting for education, care and health plan assessments, with the average waiting time well in excess of the 20-week statutory limit.
Will the Minister outline what specific measures the Department is implementing to ensure that the much-needed £1 billion investment announced in the Budget is used to bring down waiting times for EHCPs in places such as West Dorset?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise his concern, as so many have this afternoon, about the state of the system for supporting children with SEND.
It is not working, and we know it needs reform, but committing an extra £1 billion into the system at this crucial time was an important first step.
We face choices on how to take this system forward, and how to make it less adversarial and more focused on better life chances for our children.
One of the first steps I took was to refocus the work of the Department for Education on children with SEND.
Schools are closing across inner London, and across London more widely, for various reasons, leaving premises empty or at risk of  being sold off.
What strategic oversight is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that we get the best value for our children from these properties?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, about which there was a lack of thinking by the previous Government on how we do this properly and seriously.
Challenges come with demographic change, but there are opportunities too.
That is why we have announced more primary-based nurseries in empty classrooms, and we can think about doing more around additional support and provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities, in particular.