There has been a  lot of discussion about our record in government.
Under the Conservatives, England climbed international educational league tables, but what happened to Labour- run Wales?
It fell.
Under the Conservatives, youth unemployment went down and school standards improved —that is the record of the Conservative Government, which we are proud to defend.
Does the Secretary of State agree that academisation was one of the driving forces behind that very good school improvement?
I am sorry to disappoint the right hon.
Lady, but we will be talking about the Conservatives’ 14 years of failure for a very long time indeed.
rose— Children across our country were failed by her party time and again, including the children with SEND we have heard about this afternoon— Order.
Mr O’Brien, please, enough is enough.
We are focused on driving up standards for our children, the length and breadth of our country, by providing more teachers and improved school budgets, and by ensuring our children do not go to school in crumbling buildings, unlike the Conservative party, which made sure that our children went to school in buildings that were literally propped up.
The problem that we have is that while we are learning the lessons of our defeat, the Government are failing to learn from our brilliant record on school standards.
Results improved, more schools were “good” or “outstanding”, but now the party in government is trying to undermine one part of the basis for that success.
Why is the Secretary of State scrapping the academy conversion support grant when it was such a push behind improving school standards?
The Conservative party has learned absolutely nothing and parents will not buy it.
We were faced with some very tough choices because of the £22 billion hole in the public finances, as the right hon.
Lady, the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury, knows all too well—[Interruption.]
We are fixing the foundations and rebuilding our schools.
Order.
Are we going to work together?
It would be much easier for all of you, I can assure you.
News of the impact of last week’s Budget on schools was greeted with relief in Bury North.
The Derby high school is a top-performing school, but its main building dates back to 1959 and faces critical issues.
It was due for renewal under Labour’s Building Schools for the Future programme but was ignored during the 14 years of the Tories.
Will the Minister meet me and the school’s leadership team to discuss the urgent need for refurbishment funds?
Order.
These are topical questions.
I have to get everybody in who has not got in before.
You have got in once already, so don’t be greedy.
We are committed to improving school buildings, where we want our children to achieve and thrive, but that will not be a quick fix.
Bury council has been awarded £1.8 million for the financial year to improve its school buildings, including The Derby high school.
Last week, this Government increased next year’s capital allocation for England to £2.1 billion, some £300 million more than last year.
I will, of course, be happy to meet with my hon.
Friend— Order.
Obviously, set-up questions have very long answers.
We should be able to have shorter questions and answers.
I noted the Minister’s answer to the hon.
Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes), but will she clarify whether the £1 billion announced in the Budget last week for SEND goes to new expenditure?
What will the Government do about the statutory override that is preventing local authorities from going bust, with a total of nearly £4 billion owing?
We expect the additional funding to go directly to providing provision for children and young people.
We will set out wider plans about the issues the hon.
Gentleman raises in due course.
What does the extra funding outlined for children in the Budget mean for the growing number of foster children and children who need foster care?
Foster carers provide some of the best care for children who are looked after.
Some £4 million of new funding has been allocated for regional foster recruitment hubs, bringing the total amount of funding to £15 million.
I am pleased to say that these hubs will generate hundreds of new foster placements.
The teachers and staff at Hornsea school and language college do a fantastic job for their 1,300 pupils, including 90 with SEND, but they do so in crumbling buildings with leaking roofs.
With the news in last week’s   Budget that this Government will continue the Conservative’s school rebuilding programme, will the Secretary of State prioritise Hornsea school?
I note the hon.
Member’s point on that specific college.
As he will know, the Chancellor committed £1.4 billion at the Budget to drive the delivery of the current school rebuilding programme for next year.
Over the coming weeks and months, we will work with trusts and local authorities to identify which schools will be in scope.[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol. 757, c. 3WC.]
(Correction)
My constituency has some brilliant further education colleges and apprenticeship schemes, but some students struggle, retaking GCSE and functional skills maths and English over and over again.
Will the Minister consider how the process could be done better, so that those students do not end up feeling like a failure as they retake and retake?
The Department considers level 2 English and maths to be essential, so students without those qualifications are required to continue studying to achieve them.
The independent curriculum and assessment review is looking at support for students without level 2 in English and Maths at the age of 16, and further information will follow shortly.
When I visit nurseries in my constituency of Lewes, many raise serious concerns about special educational needs and disabilities provision in the early years.
Will Ministers commit to an urgent review of SEND in early years to take account of funding shortfalls and staffing challenges, and to address families’ concerns about insufficient places due to growing demand?
Ensuring that there is the right level of provision for and identification of SEND in the early years is an essential part of our review of the early years system and of the reform that is required.
In the Budget, an extra £300 million was announced for further education.
I know that the Secretary of State is a big fan of Burnley, so will she come back to Burnley with me to meet representatives of Burnley college and talk with them about their brilliant work and the expansion of the campus?
It was a pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend ahead of the election—and what a brilliant champion he is for Burnley and his constituents.
I would be very happy to visit again.
As part of setting out our commitment to further education, at the Budget we put in place an additional £300 million, alongside £300 million of capital funding for our colleges.
rose—