What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the system for supporting children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the system for supporting children with special educational needs and disabilities.
Last month, the National Audit Office confirmed what many families already know: the SEND system that we inherited from the Conservatives is broken.
Indeed, the number of hon.
Members raising concerns on behalf of their constituents shows the scale of the challenge that we have inherited.
We are working as quickly as we can to make the changes that families need.
It is huge, complex reform, but we are determined to fix the system.
Far too many people in my constituency of Hyndburn find the current EHCP process to be adversarial and one that fails to assess their child’s needs adequately.
As the Government work to reform the system, how can we be sure that the voices of parents and children will remain at the heart of any policy change?
I recognise what my hon.
Friend is saying.
We engage with children, young people, parents and carers in the development of policy, including through our participation contract.
Next week I will meet our National Young People’s Group, which is a diverse group of young people from across England who have special educational needs and disabilities.
They share their views and experiences with us, and I am looking forward to it.
At the recent SEND surgery that I organised with SEND Socials Birmingham, one message came through time and again: different public bodies are not working together as the Children and Families Act 2014 intended, and this is contributing to long delays and distress.
Will the Minister agree to receive representations from young people and families in south Birmingham, so that their negative experiences can at least contribute to the important work of reforming the SEND system?
Absolutely.
We are committed to working with families to deliver an improved SEND system that works for all.
We ensure that families have  access to free and impartial information, advice and support to enable them to participate as fully as possible in the decisions that affect them, but I would welcome suggestions from my hon.
Friend and parents in south Birmingham on how to improve the system.