The Minister has just agreed that there is a crisis of capacity for SEND provision in the state sector, yet the Government’s deeply misguided VAT policy on school fees is exaggerating this crisis and the crisis of EHCP assessments.
Surely the right thing to do is grant a VAT exemption on SEND children to ease the crisis.
We are committed to ensuring that pupils whose needs necessitate a place at private school are not impacted by this policy.
Where a pupil’s place in private school is funded by a local authority in England, Scotland and Wales because the pupil’s needs cannot be met in the state sector, the local authority will be able to reclaim the VAT it is charged on fees.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Hertfordshire currently receives the third lowest SEND funding in the country, but since 2015 the number of children in the county with educational, health and care plans has grown by a staggering 223%.
Does the Minister agree that funding should reflect the current need?
High-needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25, bringing the total high-needs funding to £11.9 billion.
The funding will help local authorities and schools with the increasing costs of supporting children and young people with special educational needs.
On the distribution of funding, the national funding formula will be announced later in November.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that young people have the necessary skills to gain employment.
This Government are about fixing the foundations.
To help do this, we have launched an independent curriculum and assessment review, which aims to enable all young people to access rigorous and high-value qualifications and training.
We will also introduce a youth guarantee, which will help 18 to 21-year-olds to access education, training and apprenticeship opportunities, and to receive employment support.
The London Design and Engineering university technical college in my constituency caters for 14 to 19-year-olds and offers at secondary level the kind of training often only found at further education level.
Does the Minister agree that we need to create more opportunities at secondary level for skills-based training to ensure that it is embedded and lasts, post 16, into the workplace and that it improves employability skills as well?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s thoughtful question.
This Government absolutely value university technical colleges for helping young people to develop technical skills and, with employer support, to move into technical careers.
The independent curriculum and assessment review aims to broaden the curriculum, ensuring that young people do not miss out on vocational subjects and that they leave education ready for employment.
Eastbourne, as the sunniest town in the UK, is on a mission to be a solar energy superpower.
At the heart of that is East Sussex college’s green training hub, which is supporting students, young and mature, to move into that sector.
Will the Minister join me in celebrating the hub’s second birthday, and will she come down to Eastbourne to visit the hub and its principal, Rebecca Conroy, and to soak up some Eastbourne sun?
The sun is obviously shining on Eastbourne, even though may not be shining everywhere else at the moment because of the weather.
A visit to Eastbourne to celebrate the hub sounds delightful, but this falls to my noble Friend, Baroness Smith of Malvern, so I will pass on these comments to her.