I remind the House of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing this urgent question.
I also thank the Minister for his statement, but I fear that it illustrates rather well some of the lack of understanding that has brought us to this point.
More than any other industry, farming relies on stability and long-term planning.
That is why many people in the industry relied on undertakings given by the Secretary of State when in opposition that the Labour party in government would not change inheritance tax reliefs for farming.
Every farming business is capital-rich but revenue-poor.
Those businesses also trade in a market that has been more heavily influenced by government intervention than any other.
Agricultural property relief is not a loophole; it has been a deliberate policy of successive Governments for the past 40 years, designed to avoid the sale and break-up of family farms.
Is that still a goal to which this Government adhere?
As the NFU put it, the Government have seemingly failed to grasp “that family farms are not just small farms, and that just because a farm is a valuable asset it doesn’t mean those who work it are wealthy.”
As the Minister will be aware, some of the figures he has just given the House have been vigorously challenged over the past few days, particularly the assertion that only one in four British farms will be affected.
Will the Minister and his Treasury colleagues publish the data behind those figures?
In particular, does the figure that 73% of farms will not be affected rely on the inclusion of very small holdings?
These changes will have a ripple effect across the whole rural community.
Will the Government publish their impact assessment for other rural businesses?
Can the Minister also explain why the Treasury has removed  the ringfence around farm support to be spent in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland?
That ringfence was introduced after the Bew review.
If it needed a review to introduce it, how can it just be abolished now out of the blue?