I do have some sympathy for the Minister, for whom I have a great deal of respect, but surely she must feel embarrassed to come before this House knowing all the answers to these questions and not giving them, simply because No. 10 will not let her.
In my constituency, schools are already facing a double whammy from an increase in costs from the national insurance rise, which is not fully funded, and the pressure on places.
If the teachers’ pay settlement is not funded in full, surely she will admit that it amounts to a cut.
Whenever this happened when we were in government, the first thing Labour Members would say was, “Are you matching it with funding?”
If we were not, they would scream blue murder that it amounted to a cut.
Will she just admit that if it is not funded, it is a cut to schools?
The right hon.
Gentleman is rather getting ahead of himself.
He was in the last Government, and we were left with an appalling inheritance.
We are taking tough decisions to fix the foundations and to bring back stability, because education is a priority for this Government.
That is why we are rebuilding the crumbling schools that the Conservatives left.
[Interruption.]
Fiction?
Crumbling schools?
I suggest Opposition Members speak to the schools that are dealing with the consequences.
We are rolling out free breakfast clubs, opening up school-based nurseries and, yes, providing £8 billion to give every child the best start in life through the high-quality early years and family services that the previous Government promised but provided no money to deliver.
While those on the Conservative Benches continue to try to work out what they think, we are getting on with delivering real, positive change in our country.
As the Minister says, we inherited a recruitment and retention crisis in the teaching industry.
Data from the National Association of Head Teachers shows that one in three teachers leaves within five years, and that around one in three headteachers no longer continues as a head within five years.
That is the situation we have inherited, not created.
What is the Minister doing to turn the tide on the recruitment and retention crisis?
We did inherit a dire situation.
Children were not being taught by the expert teachers they should have been taught by, and teachers were stretched to the limit.
That is why the first thing we did was to reset the relationship between the Government and schools, which for years had resembled some sort of combat.
We want to work with schools.
We recognise how hard they are working to deliver for children, and we want to work with them to support them in any way  we can.
That means having high-quality teachers and good-quality teacher training.
It means supporting every teacher to be trained to meet the needs of children with special educational needs and disabilities.
It means maximising every pound so that it can get to the frontline—to the children—by reducing other costs in schools.
We will continue to work with schools to do that, so that we can ensure that every child has the expert teacher they deserve and will not be let down any more, as they have been for the last 14 years.
I think we would all agree that education is the best investment that any Government can make; it raises people out of poverty, improves social mobility and improves health outcomes.
Sadly, it was not a priority for the last Government, and I welcome the change in tone from the new Government, although I think it will take more than breakfast clubs to fix the problem.
The Devon branch of the National Association of Head Teachers has said, “We’re on our knees.”
Primary schools are consolidating classes because they are having to cut spending, and one secondary school in my patch will have to pay £95,000 extra for every 1 percentage point rise in pay that is not funded.
If the pay award is not fully funded, can the Minister explain exactly where schools are supposed to find this extra money?
The hon.
Lady is—understandably so, given the calling of this urgent question despite a statement being due imminently—getting ahead of herself, and we are doing an awful lot more than breakfast clubs.
I have listed just some of what we are doing, but we are working incredibly hard across the board.
Schools will work very hard to make sure that their budgets maximise the outcomes for children, and we will continue to support them to do that.
That means having a Department that steps up.
It does not stand back and criticise; it steps up.
It means supporting the buying that schools do, and making sure they are getting the best value for money in all the purchasing they do.
It means supporting them with their maintenance and management.
It means supporting them with energy costs.
We know that expenditure on energy is a big cost for schools, and the Department can provide support with good contracts that get much better value for money.
It is similar with banking and with teacher vacancies.
Schools can save a significant amount of money using the products available from the Department for Education, which we are continuing to provide, and they can use the tools available to see how they are doing and also what other schools are doing well.
We will continue to support schools to maximise— Order.
This is like having a second statement.
The answers are getting longer and longer, but I have to get through this urgent question as we have a lot of other business.
It is important that questions are answered quickly, but also that the rest of the questions are asked.
We will now have a good example of a brief question from Laurence Turner.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
There has clearly been some learning loss among the Conservatives, because they were late in  submitting evidence for seven years in a row, causing chaos in schools’ budgets; they announced the outcome of the School Teachers Review Body process through written statements to this House; and, shamefully, they scrapped the school support staff negotiating body.
Does the Minister agree that the protestations from the Opposition will come across to teachers as false and hypocritical, because they are?
I think my hon.
Friend has put it very well.
One of the things I think we should be proudest of in England is the success of English schools over the last 10 to 14 years.
Frankly, the differences in outcomes in England from those in Labour-run Wales or SNP-run Scotland have been very striking, demonstrating that, while for sure there are brilliant teachers across the United Kingdom, the different system in England has enabled its schools to flourish.
While I welcome the fact that the Minister is bringing the statement out early and I appreciate the work the Government have done on it, I am afraid that I do share the frustration of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson) , who is no longer in her place.
The Minister must appreciate that frustration, given that she was sitting on the Opposition Benches only a few months ago, as no doubt she will be again in only a few years’ time.
The reality is that it is very difficult to represent those who send us here if we are not given information.
I was sent a letter by Simon Beamish, who runs the Leigh Academies Trust, and he told me that schools in my area of west Kent are already going to have redundancies or are going to make choices based on the unfunded pledges that have been given.
Will the Minister make a commitment that the next pledges will be funded?
That was a very long question.
It was a very long statement that managed almost entirely to look backwards, while fantasising about the future.
The right hon.
Member will receive the information, as will everybody else, when the statement is published at the announced time this afternoon.
I declare an interest, as I was a primary school governor right up until the election and I am the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for schools, learning and assessment.
It is quite shocking to hear Opposition Members’ protestations about school funding, given the absolutely dire state in which they left school funding after 14 years of Conservative government.
When I speak to school leaders in my constituency, they tell me about their real and lasting struggles to balance their budgets.
I understand that the Minister cannot speak today about the outcome of the review until the statement, but can she give us information more broadly about conversations she has had as part of the spending review, so that we can get the funding we need to invest in schools and turn around the dire situation we inherited?
I would like to take this opportunity to put on record my thanks to school governors.
My hon.
Friend mentions that he was a governor up until  the election.
We really are grateful to school governors for everything they do on a voluntary basis to support schools to be as good as they can be.
As a Government, we will always work with them and schools to support improving outcomes for children.
The Department will do everything it can within the incredibly tight fiscal constraints we inherited.
As a Government, we are committed to our public services, which we know will transform the lives of children and everybody in this country.
We will continue to do that.