The Minister, in her response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) , referred to imaginings, but I do not think it is an imagining to suggest that the Secretary of State, in her response to the STRB, said that some efficiency savings would have to be found in schools to meet the additional costs.
Earlier this week, I had a roundtable with headteachers from my constituency and beyond.
The Minister also talked just now about “fantasising about the future”.
Is she really telling me that those headteachers were fantasising about the future when they told me that they were already having to make cuts to staffing numbers for next September?
One headteacher told me that just one or two more things need to go wrong and that they are on the brink of collapse.
Is the Minister saying that they are fantasising about the future?
No.
We recognise how important it is for schools to plan their budgets and we know that they are keenly awaiting the announcement this afternoon.
That is why we have made the announcement as quickly as possible, and much quicker than at any point over the past 10 years.
We will continue to work with schools to help them deliver for the children in their care.
We know that that is their priority and it is our priority, too.
For 14 years, I saw my profession treated like dirt by the Conservative party: undervalued, underpaid and undermined at every single turn.
Does the Minister agree that not only should we be paying our teachers fairly, but we should be treating them with respect, and that the only decent teacher recruitment the Conservative party did was to recruit former teachers to the Labour Benches?
My hon.
Friend rightly remarks on his service as a teacher.
It is incredibly valued.
The one message we want to send to the school system is about the extent to which we value the teachers and the headteachers who support their schools to thrive, and the extent to which we support the support staff who are the beating heart of schools in every community.
We will continue to do so.
The schools in my constituency tell me that any efficiencies they could possibly make have already been made.
Therefore, the result of what the Minister is announcing—the national insurance increase that is underfunded and this welcome but unfunded increase in teacher pay—can only be that teacher numbers are cut.
As the father of a primary school teacher who works really hard and is absolutely committed, that impacts on me personally, and it will impact on every child and every parent in my  constituency.
Is that not the reality, and should the Government not be up front and admit that this will mean that teachers will lose their jobs?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have to wait for the statement this afternoon for the details of what the Government are proposing.
He really should have more awareness of the situation that teachers and schools, and indeed our entire public sector, have faced over the past 14 years.
We are working hard to clean up that mess, and we will continue to do so.
I declare that I am also a school governor.
I have spent many months in my constituency meeting teachers, governors and stakeholders within the community, so I welcome the Government’s announcement of 2,000 additional teachers.
Can the Minister tell us how the Government are turning the tide in the teacher recruitment and retention crisis, which reached unprecedented levels over the past decade?
This is a key priority for us.
We want to ensure that we have the teaching workforce that children deserve, but that teachers deserve, too—they deserve to have a full fleet of teachers teaching the specialist subjects that they love, are committed to and are trained to teach.
We know that key to unlocking the outcomes for children is having good, qualified teachers in every classroom, which is what we are legislating to achieve.
It is also key for children with additional learning needs or disabilities that we ensure that every teacher is a teacher for special educational needs and disabilities, so that more children can be educated in their local school with their peers and get the outcomes they deserve.
I was a school governor for 13 years and served as a finance governor, so I know these issues well.
I want to draw the Minister’s attention to the plight of small, rural primary schools.
There are many such schools in my constituency, and they are really up against it with the costs that they face.
In the school that I served, 86% of the budget was spent on staffing, so a significant unfunded increase in staffing costs, whether through national insurance or salary contributions, has a huge impact.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss sparsity funding and the equalisation of per capita funding so that primary schools in small, rural areas are not so serially disadvantaged?