My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The west end of London is very important to not just our film industry, but our tourism.
Cultural exchange with other countries in Europe is a really important part of the deal that we have struck, and we want to build on that.
The more we can do so over the coming months, the better.
Mr Speaker, I do not know if you talk to your counterparts anywhere else in Europe, but if you could raise the matter with them as well, that would be very helpful.
Marvellous.
We’ll talk to Carolyn Harris now.
No, I do apologise; I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am pleased to not be forgotten today.
[Interruption.]
If we are abolished, perhaps we will all be forgotten.
There have been previous positive statements on touring performers, but there was no concrete good  news in the UK-EU deal.
Touring performers are reliant on this Department to fight their corner, as are the rest of the creative industries, not least on artificial intelligence and copyright, which we are talking about later today.
The Minister says he is burying the rumour about the abolition of DCMS, so why do so many people here think it will happen, and why is it being briefed to the press so often?
The question I am asking myself is: why on earth is the hon.
Gentleman perpetuating daft rumours?
Honestly, the Department is not going to be abolished; it would be absolute madness.
This Department touches the lives of nearly everybody in the country, every single day of the week, whether through sport—football, rugby, cricket, tennis—broadcasting, or our wonderful creative industries.
So many different aspects of what we do touch everybody’s lives.
I cannot see any way in which the Department will be abolished.
The hon.
Gentleman’s question was about EU touring.
If he talks to all the liberal-leaning Governments in Europe, I talk to all the socialist-leaning Governments in Europe, and the Tories speak to, well, their colleagues in Europe—for that matter, Reform could speak to some of the barmpots in Europe—then we might manage to secure EU touring.
What discussions she has had with the Premier League on the distribution of funding to lower league football clubs.
The Government recognise the importance of distribution to the health of English football, and have engaged extensively with football authorities, including the Premier League, to encourage industry to come to an agreement that works for the football pyramid.
If industry is not able to solve the issue, we, of course, have the Football Governance Bill, which gives the independent football regulator the power to ensure that such an agreement is made.
English Football League clubs like my local team, Swansea City, are struggling.
In fact, according to the accounts for EFL championship clubs covering the season ending May 2024, all but four clubs were making a loss, with an average loss of £17.5 million for the period.
What more can we do to speed up a deal between the Premier League and lower-league clubs to ensure that funds are fairly distributed, and to help so many local teams survive?
Continued delays to a potential new distribution deal serve no one, and we understand the uncertainty and instability that they can cause many clubs, including Swansea City.
We are backing the football regulator, which is what I encourage Members to do.
The Government are keeping our manifesto commitment.
Last week, I met Nick from Cheadle and Gatley football club, a fantastic organisation that works to help youth football, in particular, in the area.
The club is struggling, particularly with energy prices, which are impacting a huge amount of  grassroots football across the country.
What more can the Government do to get the Premier League and the larger clubs to support lower-league and grassroots clubs, in particular with energy prices?
I know from my constituency the huge benefit that grassroots club bring.
Of course, the Premier League sends a huge amount of money down through the pyramid.
We are introducing the football regulator, which will be able to help secure a deal if a voluntary deal cannot be reached; we also have the Football Foundation, which works with the Premier League to put money into grassroots football.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the matter further.
I wholeheartedly support the Football Governance Bill, which is about to begin its Committee stage in this place.
It is crucial that we support football at all levels of the football pyramid.
What work is the Minister doing to ensure that an adequate number of 3G and 4G pitches are available in areas like my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is a strong champion for her area, and I have met her to talk about grassroots facilities in Dudley.
We are working with the Football Foundation to ensure that we invest up and down the country in our grassroots facilities.
Can the Minister give assurances to football fans in my constituency that with the burdens of the Employment Rights Bill, the hike in national insurance contributions and the introduction of yet another regulator, there will not be a hike in ticket prices?
I simply do not recognise the premise of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
The Government are committed to our manifesto commitment.
The Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism reminds me that it is a year since the general election; prior to that,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)
and I were on the previous Football Governance Bill Committee, where we spent many hours together.
This Government have strengthened that Bill, and fans will now be consulted on ticket pricing.