Whether it is Bollywood, Hollywood or Borehamwood, I am sure the Minister will agree that our British cultural and creative industries are our global economic superpower.
While the Secretary of State is AWOL today, rumours abound that the whole Department for Culture, Media and Sport is for the chop.
The Minister must see that this sends a terrible message to those sectors about how little their Government value the power of those industries.
Will he take this opportunity to put that rumour to bed, and if he cannot, will he take this chance to put on record that it is a horrible idea?
If we were to get rid of the Department, one of the worst consequences would be our having to get rid of the Select Committee as well—and, for that matter, all those on the Opposition Front Bench.
Oh hang on, maybe it is a good idea.
No, let us be serious.
First, the Secretary of State is not absent without leave.
She is doing the very important job of building our relationship with Japan.
Secondly, I am not going to put this rumour to bed—I am going to bury it.
I am absolutely certain that in a year’s time we will be able to sing, in the words of Stephen Sondheim from the musical “Follies”, “I’m still here”.
What steps she is taking to help increase the number of covered tennis courts in Hartlepool constituency.
I am a huge supporter of tennis and the vital role that it plays in getting people active.
I enjoyed a fantastic trip to the National Tennis Centre in November, and had the pleasure of meeting staff at the LTA.
The Government are committed to ensuring that everyone, regardless of background, has access to and can benefit from quality sport and physical activity opportunities.
Hartlepool is home to a number of thriving tennis clubs, including Hartlepool lawn tennis club.
Founded in 1884, it is one of the oldest active tennis clubs in the world.
Despite that history, we do not have access to covered tennis courts, which means that poor weather—common in Hartlepool—often disrupts participation, particularly for those with a disability or a long-term health condition.
Earlier this week, top British tennis players called on the UK Government to invest in a new national network of covered tennis courts, and I want one for Hartlepool.
Will the Minister consider their request, so that every community can take part in tennis, come rain or shine?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate advocate for his constituency, and it is great to see the passion of the leading players.
I wish them all success in their upcoming events, and I am personally very excited to see the return of women’s tennis to Queen’s—the Queen’s Club championships—after 50 years.
All future decisions on facilities will, of course, be considered in the spending review, but I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
Together with the LTA, the previous Conservative Government invested £30 million in park tennis courts—2,500 of them all over the country, including in and around Hartlepool.
That is to the benefit of local communities, so why are this Government not continuing that investment?
As I said, all future decisions are for the spending review.
We are a very big supporter of the LTA’s work and are really pleased to see it, and would be happy to meet LTA to discuss it.
What progress her Department has made on removing barriers for UK artists seeking to tour in the EU.
I was absolutely delighted that the Prime Minister’s EU-UK deal included a direct reference to the importance of touring artists and cultural exchange.
I have already been in touch with my EU counterpart commissioner, and I intend to take the matter forward as soon as I can.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response, but it is over four years since I first raised this matter in an urgent question in the House of Commons.
In that time, nearly half of UK musicians say that they have lost work in Europe and precious income as they confront all the Brexit barriers, visa issues and cabotage restrictions.
The Labour manifesto vowed to resolve this, and we were all grateful for the warm words in the reset document, but real action is required.
When can we see our wonderful UK artists back in the concert halls and arenas of Europe, travelling freely and without any restriction?
That is absolutely our aim and intention, and the hon.
Gentleman knows that I am as committed to that as he is.
Obviously, the UK-EU deal is very good, but we want to make sure that we pursue all the individual issues that were raised that have not yet been resolved, and this is one of them.
As I said, I have already made contact with Commissioner Micallef, and I intend to chase this down as fast as I can.
I know the hon.
Gentleman does not like being happy, but if I might just quote “Hamlet” to him: Our doubts are traitors, And make us lose the good which oft we might win By fearing to attempt.
I think we’ve got the return of Sir John Hayes.