The Minister will know that our creative sectors, including our artists, writers, publishers and the fashion industry to name a few, are all fighting for their professional lives as artificial intelligence companies use their intellectual property for AI models.
Why will the Government not put an end to the AI copyright issue and back the amendments from the Lords, which have such overwhelming support?
For a start, we will have that debate this afternoon.
I am determined that through this whole process we will get to a place where creators of every different kind, whether in music, word or images, will be able very easily to protect their copyright and gain remuneration.
I also want to get to a place where AI companies will pay for the work that they look at and use to create their systems.
I note that the Conservatives are all over the shop on this issue.
They have a had a free vote, a vote on one side and a vote on the other side, and we will see whether even their Front Benchers vote this afternoon.
Recently I have been contacted by constituents with concerns that breaking into the arts and creative industries, and staying in those industries, is incredibly difficult for those from lower-income backgrounds or those living outside major cities and media hubs.
As the Minister knows, having visited Monmouthshire many times, we have no cities—only small towns.
What actions are the Government taking to create more opportunity for talented people to enter and stay in the arts industries, regardless of their background?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
One of the things that worries me about the creative industries in the UK is that often the only people who conceive of them as a possible career are those whose parents worked in them.
I do not want the creative industries to be hereditary; I want everybody to have a chance, whatever their background.
That is partly about  making sure we champion the creative industries, which are our economic future.
We must embrace them and ensure that everybody gets a decent chance in life.
Apart from the sensational ice cream, I am sure the Minister will join me in congratulating Skegness on being awarded the prestigious blue flag for the quality of its beach.
I am concerned that not enough people can enjoy that, however, because of the lack of direct public transport from London.
National Express has not restored its coach service since the pandemic and there is no direct train from London to Skegness.
Will he work with me and the Department for Transport to try to improve direct transport links?
That is a bit transporty for me.
First, the best ice cream in Britain is produced in the Rhondda by Subzero, and I am happy to have a contest with the hon.
Member any day of the week on that front if he wants.
Secondly, I suggest gently to him that one of the reasons the beaches in the UK improved was that we joined the European Union.
Before our membership of the European Union, all our beaches were filthy and covered in tar.
And obviously Frederick’s ice cream in Chorley.
Earlier this week, I attended the launch of the Independent Venue Community, which is a charity aiming to bring community activity into night-time music venues when they are usually closed.
Does the Minister agree that such innovative thinking is beneficial to health and wellbeing, the arts sector more generally and town centre renewal?
What support can the Department offer to see such schemes rolled out nationwide?
All I really want to say is yes, because I agree with everything my hon.
Friend said.
Since you like brevity, Mr Speaker, and brevity is the soul of wit, I am just going to say yes.
One of the best experiences I had as a Minister in DCMS several years ago was visiting 114 places around the country.
I extend an offer to the Minister to come to Salisbury to see the work of Wiltshire Creative.
Salisbury international arts festival is starting this weekend, and we would welcome his insights on how collaboration to maximise investment in cultural growth in south Wiltshire can be facilitated.
I get a lot of invites.
[Interruption.]
Yes, I honestly do get a lot of invites—and some of them I take up.
I am a bit Ado Annie: I’m just a girl who cain’t say no I’m in a terrible fix I always say “come on, let’s go” Just when I orta say nix.
Cannock Chase is home to many fantastic dance schools such as the Crystal Academy in Hednesford, which has been crowned dance school of the year.
Dance can empower people from all backgrounds, but a third of schools are not teaching it, despite its being on the national curriculum.
A varied, high-quality sports offer  should not be only for a privileged few.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that all schools can inspire their students through dance?
I think my hon.
Friend asked what steps I am taking to promote dance.
Well, it takes two to tango, and we are working with the Department for Education to try to ensure that creative education is a really important part of everything we do in all our schools.
The fact that fewer kids are now studying creative subjects is a problem, and we need to rectify it.
I heard the Minister mention this in passing, but would he not concede that the voluntary grassroots music levy is not making the progress we had all hoped for?
The Music Venue Trust has revealed that almost 95% of arena and stadium shows do not have any levy at all.
We need that income to rejuvenate grassroots venues; the Minister knows that.
Surely it is now time to think of a formal levy and even legislation, if required.
I have said that we will make the levy statutory if we need to do so, but we are making progress.
I had wanted us to have made substantial progress by the first quarter of this year.
The levy has already been applied to half a million tickets and I want to get to much bigger numbers by the end of the year.
The Culture, Media and Sport Committee did a really good job in coming up with the idea and we are determined to push it forward.
If the hon.
Member could be less grumpy, that would help.
If he could ring everybody he knows in the industry and persuade them to sign up to the levy, that would be great.
As this Labour Government deliver a national youth strategy and open a network of Young Futures hubs, what assurances will the Minister give that the Department will learn from the best practice of charities such as the Thirst Youth Café and FUTUREhope in my constituency?
Will she join me to meet them and find out more about how they deliver for young people in Hertford and Stortford?
The Government value youth services and we know the vital role they can play in young people’s lives.
I have had a number of cross-Government meetings on this issue in the last few weeks.
We continue to work on our national youth strategy, and if my diary allows, I will be delighted to visit.
I will enter the great parliamentary ice cream competition and say that Cheshire, of course, does the best ice cream.
Given the huge riches in the Premier League, should there not be a greater expectation that more money flows down into grassroots football and non-league clubs such as Knutsford FC and Witton Albion in my constituency, which work unbelievably hard just to stay afloat?
I say that especially as so many Premier League footballers live just up the road from the two clubs.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
It is not for Government to decide that, but I know from my own experience that grassroots clubs   play a huge role in communities.
The Premier League contributes a lot.
It is up to the Premier League to decide how much money it puts down the pyramid.
The issue of copyright and creatives is big in the news because of artificial intelligence, but it has also been a long-running issue and it is good that the spotlight is on it.
Will the Minister look into a levy on IT equipment, so that people who provide their creative material on that receive some effective royalties, as happens under the book lending scheme?
This is an early idea, but if he starts talking about it now in government, we might get some success.
I am happy to look at anything, but we are reluctant to start putting levies on things that close down the British business.
My hon.
Friend makes a good point about trying to make sure that people have an opportunity to make a career and a living out of the creative industries.
It strikes me that with more than 50% of people working freelance in the industry, that is one of the things we definitely have to look at, and I know that my hon.
Friend has a large sector in her constituency.
Somerset is home to some iconic film locations such as Glastonbury Tor, which featured in “The Kid Who Would Be King”; Montacute House, which featured in “Wolf Hall” and “Sense and Sensibility”; and Wells, where “Hot Fuzz” was filmed.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the film industry in the UK thrives and continues to use our iconic locations?
The hon.
Lady is right: one of the things that brings a lot of people to the UK as tourists—we want to reach 50 million international visitors by 2030—is seeing places where things were filmed.
I went to Bath recently and saw many different places where there has been filming for “Bridgerton” and lots of different movies.
It is an important part of our business and sometimes we need to make sure that local authorities take up such opportunities.
There has been rapid expansion of new homes in my constituency.
However, the development of sports facilities in areas such as Ashby-de-la-Zouch are not keeping pace, and in Hugglescote we see a fight to save the rec.
How will the Minister ensure that when new homes are created, we protect and develop new sports facilities in parks for local people?
This Government are committed to grassroots sport.
That is why we have invested over £100 million this year.
However, I will reflect my hon.
Friend’s comments in discussions with the relevant Department.
Billinghay swimming pool in my constituency is a much-cherished local facility, which has sadly fallen into disrepair and been unable to open for the community this year.
A very good local group is trying to raise funds to restore it.
What can the Minister do to help?
Local authorities suffered huge cuts under the previous Government, and that is why many swimming pools have fallen into disrepair.
I will  look into the issue for the hon.
Lady.
I also understand that there is a Westminster Hall debate on a similar subject the first week back after recess.
The bands I played in never quite got to a European tour—[Interruption.]
Artists tell me how much they and their teams have suffered in the disastrous post-Brexit landscape for touring artists.
We have the best bands and artists in the world and they bring huge joy to us here.
They want to share the love abroad and in so doing bring a lot of money to the UK economy.
Will my hon.
Friend assure me that he is acting with haste?
As Shakespeare said, All the world’s a stage, And all the men and women merely players; They have their exits and their entrances.
Let us open more doors for them.
And, “one man in his time plays many parts”.
Clearly, my hon.
Friend is one of those people.
We are determined to sort this out.
I know that there are many of us who fear that we lost many things when Brexit happened.
However, there are other wise words from Shakespeare.
As Queen Margaret in “Henry VI” said: “wise men ne’er sit and wail their loss, but cheerily seek how to redress their harms”.
The amazing dancers at Eastbourne’s Shining Stars Dance Academy have qualified for the dance world cup in Spain this July.
It will cost thousands of pounds to get them there, though, so they have launched a crowdfunding campaign.
Will the Minister back their campaign to get to the world cup and congratulate them for their achievement?
Yes, and if the hon.
Member sends me a link, I will contribute myself.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Please accept my apologies because, in my haste to stand up for British horseracing, I forgot to refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests detailing an event I attended at Doncaster racecourse in my constituency last year.
That corrects that.
Just to add, I thank  the hon.
Member for Rhondda and Ogmore (Chris Bryant) —the author of a good book about certain gay MPs—for his earlier point.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked— What steps the Church is taking to roll out stand-alone services to bless same-sex couples.
A proposal to enable churches to opt in to the use of prayers of love and faith in stand-alone services is out for consultation and will come back to the House of Bishops in October.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the next Archbishop of Canterbury should be someone who can show leadership on this issue, both for congregants and clergy who would want to participate in such a service, and ensure that the Church of England finally treats LGBT Anglicans in Exeter and beyond equally within the church?
I am sure my hon.
Friend will understand why I cannot comment on who the next Archbishop should be.
The process is well under way, and I am sure that hon.
Members will join me in holding them in prayer as they go about this important work.
This issue affects many people, and people have deep feelings about it.
If the House of Bishops approves the proposals to enable prayers of love and faith in stand-alone services, the business committee of the General Synod could timetable this issue for a debate in February 2026.
What support the Church of England is providing to Christians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
What support the Church of England is providing to Christians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
In October 2023, the Archbishops of Jerusalem and Canterbury launched an emergency appeal for the diocese of Jerusalem, and it receives donations from international partners, including the UK.
The fund supports people throughout the Holy Land and has supported medical services for vulnerable out-patients in al-Ahli hospital in Gaza, St Luke’s hospital in Nablus and the Penman clinic in Jenin.
Thousands of Palestinians, including children, are detained by the Israeli military.
Reports of mistreatment and torture date back to UNICEF’s 2013 report on children in Israeli military detention.
Last year, the UN special rapporteurs highlighted the escalating use of torture against Palestinian detainees with people raped, electrocuted, waterboarded, suspended from ceilings, tied to beds, blindfolded and made to wear nappies.
What can the Church do to help end this appalling cruelty?
The Church unequivocally condemns all forms of violence and torture, and I know I speak for many when I say impunity for abuse against Palestinian detainees must end.
But there is a hard limit on what the Church can do while the Israeli military continues to oppress Palestinians in the west bank and Gaza.
We need an end to the occupation, a return of all Israeli hostages and Palestinian detainees without charge, an immediate ceasefire and all essential aid allowed into Gaza.
We have seen increasing settler violence in the west bank, and Palestinian Christians were restricted and prevented from worshipping over Easter.
I ask my hon.
Friend to use her good offices to encourage the Church of England to do all it can, including working with other Churches and across faiths to protect the rights of the Palestinian people and ensure freedom of worship across all faiths in the face of increased harassment and violence.
We can all agree that the mass atrocities in Gaza and the attacks on civilians in the west bank have been repeatedly raised at Church Commissioner questions—indeed, by my hon.
Friend on previous occasions.
I have written to my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary on this issue.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that bishops of the Church of England have regularly visited Palestine to hear from Christians on the ground, but it is clear that to see an end to military and settler attacks on Palestinian worshippers, we need to see an end to occupation.
The Church was deeply concerned that worshippers were restricted from worshipping during the Easter period.