Rather than the synthetic outrage from the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , who served in a Government that brought  cuts to schools, I really welcome that the Government are serious about addressing the regression teachers faced in their pay, as well as the fact that support staff were pushed on to the minimum wage.
I trust that in the statement there will be sufficiency in the funding for schools, but will the Minister also get a grip of escalating chief executive pay, which is doubling, meaning they have six-figure salaries?
It is really important that they are not taking more out of the funds that should be invested in children’s education.
My hon.
Friend speaks with great insight; I know she cares passionately about maximising outcomes for children.
I know that every school leader—indeed, those at any level within a school, but particularly those at the senior level—will want to ensure that in any decisions they make on pay, they are prioritising outcomes for children.
Schools in my constituency tell me they are struggling.
Serious pressure is being put on their staffing budgets by the national insurance contributions increase, and that is exacerbated by the appallingly slow approval rate of special educational needs inclusion funding and education, health and care plans by the now Lib Dem-run Cambridgeshire county council.
What is the Minister doing to address that extra strain on staffing costs and to ensure that schools are properly resourced for the right level of staff in order to allow teachers to give all children the best education, rather than forcing efficiency savings on them that will make the job even harder, and possibly even ultimately put children at risk?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important matter and does so thoughtfully and constructively.
Although there is synthetic outrage from some Members on the Conservative Benches, we recognise that schools are grappling with the challenge of ensuring that they achieve the greatest outcomes from their budgets.
That is a challenge that they rise to year on year, and a challenge that we will continue to set, because we will not shy away from ensuring that every penny of public money that is spent delivers on the frontline for children and teachers.
We need to ensure that we have the right teaching capacity in schools, and that teachers are trained to support children with special educational needs.
We are determined to ensure that more children are educated with their peers, but we recognise that schools need support to deliver that, and we are working on reforms at pace.
We are also getting on with delivering a whole range of interventions to support schools in making progress.