For the Government to come here today, fulling knowing their pay rise intentions but refusing to say so until this afternoon to avoid scrutiny, is disrespectful to this House, to every Member, to every constituent and to every teacher.
If I may say so, it is somewhat cowardly.
Schools across my constituency find themselves short of money to cover national insurance bills.
Five schools in my constituency that have approached me are £176,000 short between them.
Does the Minister know how many schools are short of money to pay their national insurance bills?
On the hon.
Lady’s initial comments, let me say that there are processes and procedures in this House that we respect.
We respect this House, and we will continue to do so.
There is a process by which this statement and these announcements will be made.
She will have to wait, alongside everybody, for the process that we adhere to in this House to be administered.
In response to the hon.
Lady’s second question, as she should know, our funding system is not designed so that every school and college receives funding that necessarily fully matches their precise spending, as that—including NIC costs—varies from institution to institution because of the decisions that each school makes on staffing.
We are providing schools and high-need settings with more than £930 million in 2025-26 to support them with their increased national insurance costs.
That is in addition to the £2.3 billion increase to core schools funding announced at the autumn Budget in 2024.
That means that the core schools budget, which includes the core revenue funding for schools and high-need settings, will total more than £64.8 billion in 2025-26.
We will continue to support schools to spend that money in the most effective and productive way possible to maximise outcomes for children, which are our priority.
I spent most of the last Government’s time in office scrutinising public spending, and grew weary of promises of pay or other Government decisions not being matched with budgets for schools, hospitals and so on.
When things like changes to national insurance and pay increases are made, I hope that this Government will be very honest about the impact on school budgets, and not have headlines that are not balanced with funding.
I therefore hope the Minister is making good arguments in the spending review.
Could she make sure that she really leans into the issue of falling rolls in London’s schools?
Any hoped-for pay rise, which is much deserved by teachers, will be a double whammy for schools in London, because rolls are falling and their income is therefore much lower; that will have an extra impact on staffing decisions.