Doncaster racecourse is the jewel in my city’s crown, and is home to the iconic St Leger festival.
Following on from the question from  the hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy) , can the Minister confirm that she will continue dialogue with the Treasury on the proposed flat rate of tax, recognising that horseracing—which, as she says, brings 85,000 jobs to the country nationally, and is the second largest spectator sport in the UK—is very different from online casinos and games of chance?
I absolutely will reflect those comments to the Treasury.
I have had many a fun time at the St Leger, which is just down the road from me in Barnsley, and I would be delighted to visit again, if I can.
What steps her Department is taking to help incentivise film production in the UK.
We support and incentivise film production in the UK through our range of audiovisual tax reliefs, through support for business rates relief, and through funding directly to the industry.
In Broxbourne, we were meant to be seeing the £700 million Sunset Studios project, which is now sadly not going ahead, in part due to the national insurance increase, new employment regulations and this Government’s handling of the economy.
Is that what the Government mean by supporting the film industry?
What utter nonsense!
The hon.
Gentleman may only just have arrived in this House in the last year—of course, today is the anniversary of the moment when the former Prime Minister called the election and it rained on his parade.
I simply point out that the company suspended its plans in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency in 2023, when there was a Conservative Government.
We have fantastic film and TV sectors in Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire, and I am determined to make sure that more of our young people can access them.
I recently had the pleasure of joining North Herts college to open its fantastic new Purwell Studios, meaning that young people in my constituency can access state-of-the-art training facilities in their area.
How is the Minister working with the Department for Education to make sure that more young people can access the fantastic career opportunities that the film sector offers?
I am glad somebody is celebrating the film industry.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we need to make sure that kids from every single constituency  in this land can think of the possibility of working in the film industry.
I am delighted that since we introduced our two new tax reliefs in last autumn’s Budget, we have already seen a large number of people making applications to the British Film Institute, and I am absolutely certain that that will mean that the British film and television sectors in the UK will be very lively for many years to come.
What steps her Department is taking to support the provision of grassroots sports facilities in Cannock Chase constituency.
The Government know the value of grassroots sports facilities to communities, and the role that they play in getting people active.
Sport England invests over £250 million of lottery and Government funding each year in the communities that need it most.
I very much welcome the Minister’s response.
Through the park tennis project, Cannock Chase has benefited from £215,000 of investment from the Government and the LTA Tennis Foundation to revive tennis courts in four of our parks, but the notorious British weather remains a barrier to participation, and many in my towns and villages lack access to covered tennis and padel facilities.
With the park tennis project coming to an end, will the Minister consider funding the development of more covered courts to allow my constituents to enjoy tennis, whatever the weather?
This Government want to ensure that everyone from all walks of life can get active in any way that works for them, come rain or shine.
I therefore welcome the Lawn Tennis Association’s strategic ambition to grow tennis and padel by making it accessible, welcoming, enjoyable and inspiring, but all future decisions on sports facilities will be considered in the spending review.