The nominee for the chair of the football regulator continues to raise serious questions.
During the Select Committee hearing, it was revealed that the candidate had donated to both the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister’s leadership campaigns, something I do not recall being declared on Second Reading.
The Secretary of State has now, rightly, been forced to recuse herself from the process.
Given that it is likely that there will be a prime ministerial interest in the appointee, will the Prime Minister do the same?
There is no suggestion of wrong- doing.
Indeed, David Kogan was approached under  the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government for the role.
We have full confidence in him; he was endorsed by the cross-party Select Committee.
May I gently point out that the gentleman in question was approached not by me or by any other Minister, but by the permanent secretary who is not a political appointee.
I know that the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has been on a long audition for the role of Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, so his comments on the rumours about the abolition of the Department are reassuring.
However, I gently point out that most of these briefings seem to be coming from No.10, so will the Secretary of State speak to people in No.10 to reassure all of those sectors that this Department will remain for the years ahead?
David Kogan was appointed to the board of Channel 4 under the previous Conservative Government.
He has been welcomed across this House and across the media and footballing world.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has dismissed those rumours.
Let us not believe everything that we read in the papers.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the provision of sporting facilities in areas of housing growth.
Access to places and spaces to be physically active, including in high-quality sports facilities, is vital for all local communities across the country.
That is why we are investing £100 million via the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme to provide access to high-quality facilities and support more players getting on to the pitch wherever they live.
In my Oxfordshire constituency, local authorities want to support the provision of major leisure facilities for our growing population, including in the new estates in north-east Didcot, Valley Park and Wantage Kingsgrove.
However, they have not found it possible to secure enough funding from developers via section 106 agreements.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss a more strategic approach to leisure provision to help us create healthier and happier communities?
Leisure facilities are vital to getting people active, and I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
In my hometown of Atherstone, the leisure centre and swimming pool is beyond its useful life.
That is the case for more than 50% of swimming facilities up and down this country.
When we talk about building new homes, we need to make sure that we are building accessible communities with facilities for people to enjoy sports.
As we look forward to a fantastic summer of tennis, I would also like to put in a plea for covered tennis facilities, because half of the time it is raining, and people cannot play tennis in the rain.
We have had some very cheery messages about tennis.
The Lawn Tennis Association has done a very good job ahead of these questions.
We are committed to building 1.5 million new homes, but we want to make sure that they are communities.
I agree with what my hon.
Friend has said, and I would be delighted to discuss it further with her.
What steps her Department is taking to support the growth of creative industries in Wales.
Our primary support for the creative industries in Wales is through the tax reliefs available to video games, the audiovisual sector, theatre, museums and orchestras, and also through the screen industry’s research and development firm Clwstwr, which is based in the Cardiff region.
A musician, an animator and a horror writer are among the many constituents who have written to me recently to express their concerns about generative AI being trained on their work without compensation and without their consent.
They need action now, not in 18 months when the damage will have been done and their work will have been scraped.
What will the Minister do with the opportunity before us this afternoon in the Data (Use and Access)
Bill to ensure that our fantastic creative industries have their copyright protected and can grow?
The UK is a creative content superpower and we should do nothing to undermine that.
In my hon.
Friend’s constituency, there is a famous gallery that produces blue plaques, which celebrate many of the creative industry heroes around the country—I launched the one for Cary Grant in Bristol not long ago.
I am keen that we make sure that we protect those industries and enhance them for the future.
She basically asked whether we could have a debate later today on the data Bill, and we are going to have one.
The creative industries in Wales are incredibly important, but it is also incredibly important to have creative industries everywhere in this United Kingdom.
There is an opportunity for those in Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales and England to have creative industry exchanges.
Is that something that the Minister has considered, so that the benefits from Wales can come to Northern Ireland, Scotland and England and we can all gain?
Yes, very creative.
Very creative indeed—all the way from Monmouth to Northern Ireland.
All our creative industries function across the whole of the UK.
Making those links between different parts of the UK is a really important part of ensuring that we prosper into the future.
I visited Bad Wolf studios in Cardiff a couple of weeks ago to see the phenomenal filming work that is being done there.
Obviously, Dr Who has been filmed there.
I know that many of the people who have worked in Cardiff will also work in Northern Ireland, which has a very lively high-end television sector as well.
What steps her Department is taking to support the growth of creative industries in Bedford constituency.
The most important thing we have done for Bedford is secure the Universal Studios theme park, which will be the biggest theme park in Europe and one of the biggest investments in the UK for many years.
Huge congratulations to the Department on securing the Universal Studios park—it is a major investment in Bedford.
With the creative industries rightly a priority for growth, does the Minister agree that this success must also support grassroots venues such as Bedford’s iconic Esquires, which is now seeking community ownership through the Music Venue Trust’s “Own Our Venues” campaign?
Will the Minister back efforts to protect the local institutions that nurture talented community identity?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; it is great that the theme park is coming.
The shadow Secretary of State says that it was all down to him, but he did not get it across the line.
The whole point of a deal is that it is not a deal until you actually get it across the line, which we did.
My hon.
Friend is also right that we do not just need to develop massive theme parks; we also need small venues such as the one he refers to, where I think George Ezra has performed and where Coldplay have performed twice in the past.
That is one reason I am really glad that we have now managed to get over the line a levy on arena tickets to help fund small music venues across the whole of the UK.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Question Time, we have closed the deal on a multibillion-pound investment in a new Universal Studios theme park, and the Secretary of State has signed a cultural co-operation agreement between the UK and India, which helped underpin the free trade agreement that we concluded this month.
I have been working with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to deliver a solution to the ongoing uncertainty facing the advertising and broadcasting sectors, as will be reported today in a written ministerial statement.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , the whole of the Department and the Secretary of State worked hard with thousands of others, including the Royal British Legion, to deliver an 80th anniversary of VE Day that we can all be proud of.
Mr Speaker, I should just say that today’s Order Paper, as you know, refers to Members of Parliament who gave their lives during the second world war, which is actually an idea I came up with many years ago.
However, there is a little mistake in it today.
It refers to Major John Cartland, but it was actually Major Ronnie  Cartland who gave his life in the war.
He was one of the bravest people, and he protected thousands of others by giving his life in the retreat to Dunkirk.
I am glad you had a good idea, and I am glad I could fulfil your idea.
Congratulations, Mr Speaker.
GrimFalfest is part of Grimsby’s brilliant award-winning Viking festival.
It launched in 2022, attracting more than 20,000 visitors, and now talented local producer Julia Thompson is developing the concept and turning Grimsby into the destination of Havelok’s kingdom.
What support can the Minister offer for heritage-led tourism projects, which create economic opportunities in places such as Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I have looked at some of the material for Havelok’s weekend—I think he is getting a weekend.
I did not know the story of Grim, the fisherman who saved the young Prince Havelok, but it is a great story.
It is also good to see that there is a new artwork to modernise the old artwork outside the Grimsby Institute.
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to do more for our coastal communities.