Each and every week, I hear from teachers and school leaders in my constituency and across the country.
In my time in this place, never has their outlook been as gloomy as it is right now.
After years of underfunding and neglect from the Conservatives, schools now face a double blow of underfunded national insurance increases and unfunded teacher pay rises, if the reports are to be believed.
Together, these represent massive cuts to school budgets.
Frankly, schools expected better from Labour.
School governors in my constituency recently told me that they are all setting deficit budgets, which one described as “beyond imagining”.
That is why teachers are so desperately worried.
Parents are, too, because  ultimately it is our children who will suffer—and the most vulnerable, at that.
The Government’s claim that schools can find the money through efficiencies simply does not stack up; budgets are already cut to the bone, with schools relying on parents to buy them the basics, such as glue sticks, through Amazon wish lists.
They are already cutting back subjects, cancelling trips and cutting back on teaching assistants—meaning that children with special educational needs and disabilities will suffer the most—and now they are planning redundancies.
Budget decisions for next year are already being made.
We need urgent clarity about whether the pay rise will be funded, so will the Minister tell schools across the country where exactly they are expected to find this money?
There was an awful lot of imagining in the hon.
Lady’s question, and understandably so—less understandable, though, in relation to some of her comments.
The statement is due today, and the hon.
Lady will have to await it, as will all Members of this House and those who are keenly looking at their schools’ budgets to ensure they can provide the best education possible.
I know that is what schools are rightly focused on doing, and we are focused on supporting them to do that.
I gently remind Opposition Members that this is the earliest STRB announcement in a decade, because we recognise how important budgeting is for schools and how important it is that they have this information in a timely way.
That was not respected under the previous Government.
We want to provider this information in good time and give notice as early as possible, so that schools can plan the excellent outcomes for children that I know they are striving for.
We will also support them to use their funding as efficiently as possible.
The Department has worked on a whole suite of productivity initiatives, as well as support for schools to manage energy costs and banking costs and to minimise any expenditure that is not on the frontline, supporting children.
That is what we will continue to do.
I reiterate what the Chair of the Select Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes) , said: teaching assistants are the glue that keep our classrooms together and they should be paid adequately.
I am pleased to hear the Minister state that retention is up, with 2,000 more teachers in training.
As a former teacher, I understand that workload is often cited as a reason that we do not retain teachers.
Marking, lesson planning, admin and data entry all keep teachers away from spending time with their students.
Can the Minister update us on what work her Department is doing with respect to artificial intelligence and its roll-out in our classrooms to reduce teacher workload and get them in front of students?