The Department’s latest numbers show that 11,684 people have been granted entry to the UK, and that 6,377 have been given indefinite leave.
What has happened to the remaining individuals?
Are they still waiting for a decision?
Have any been ejected?
As others have said, those who are targeted by the Taliban cannot wait.
The Minister indicated to the shadow Minister that we are about to have discussions with Pakistan, but what discussions have already taken place?
We are all concerned that Pakistan is ejecting people.
Finally, the fear of persecution due to religion or political beliefs is a qualifying factor under the refugee conventions.
What consideration has the MOD given to the compatibility of that qualifying factor with the ARAP scheme?
To take the hon.
Gentleman’s last point first, the MOD is not considering asylum claims, which are a separate matter for the Home Office.
The MOD is considering the cases of people who claim to have served alongside UK armed forces.
Although I do not doubt the seriousness of the right to asylum, the MOD makes no decisions in that regard.
We have no responsibility for that part of immigration policy.
Turning to indefinite leave to remain, I will need to write to the hon.
Gentleman with the detail, because my understanding of the immigration status of those approved to come to the UK under ARAP is that they have it immediately: they are effectively citizens, in that they have the right to immediately come here, live and work.
There is no further immigration phase required after their arrival, because the approval of their visa to come affords them all the rights that indefinite leave affords them in the first place.
However, I will write to the hon.
Gentleman to confirm that my understanding is correct and that he has not picked up something that I was not aware of.
On Pakistan, I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my earlier answer.
I genuinely could not wish for better engagement from the Pakistan Government with our high commissioner in Islamabad, and I am grateful to the Pakistani high commissioner to London, who has similarly made himself available to me whenever I have needed to speak to him.
The issue with people in Pakistan is challenging: Pakistan has a very large cohort of people whom the Pakistan Government regard as illegal migrants and whom they are seeking to deal with.
That is their sovereign choice as a nation, and it is not for us to tell them that they must not.
However, where we have been able to tell them that people are part of our scheme, those people have been protected from deportation.
For that, we are very grateful indeed.
Further to the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis) , we clearly  owe these individuals a debt of honour.
What assessment has the Minister made of the number of people who are affected and how many families there are?
What is the Ministry of Defence doing to reach out to the families of these brave men and women to ensure they can come here, as they should have the right to do?
We think that about 2,000 decisions need to be looked at again.
Some of those will be entirely the right decision—they just were not written up and documented particularly well—so it is difficult to say at this moment how many of the cases that we will review will require further scrutiny.
What I can say to my hon.
Friend is that once we have carried out that initial review of the robustness of the decisions that were taken, we will notify people if their case is up for review and additional information might be required.
While I will set out the detail of that process in the “Dear colleague” letter that will follow, my expectation is that we will also reach out at that point to any colleague in the House who has advocated for that case, so that they are aware that it is up for review and can similarly put forward whatever evidence they have.
I am grateful to the Minister for meeting with me recently to discuss this matter, but given the unique nature of the relationship between UK forces and the Triples, and given the commitments that have been made previously, it is beyond bewildering that we have not got to this point sooner.
The Minister spoke about instances of inconsistent application of ARAP criteria in certain cases, and has said that he takes responsibility for that, but can he give an assurance today that he will work at pace to put it right, and what does he think it will mean for our international reputation?
Will people trust us in the future?
I am grateful for the constructive engagement that the hon.
Gentleman has had with the Department ever since the evacuation from Kabul.
Our meeting the other day was most instructive, and much of what he said caused us to reflect in the way that we have done.
He should take much credit for that.
We are working at pace—the hon.
Gentleman has my assurance that we will continue to do so, but we have been doing so all along.
This is an incredibly difficult process that is consuming ever larger amounts of horsepower within the Department, and rightly so, because we owe these people a debt.
However, as has come up previously at Defence questions, we must be careful not to set the expectation among our partner forces that everywhere that the UK armed forces operate, now and in the future, there will be an immigration angle to such partnering.
I accept that there is reputational damage to the MOD and that has an effect on my reputation, too—that is right; that is ministerial accountability—but I push back gently against the idea that it will have an impact on the willingness of partner forces to work with us.
I do not think it is helpful if partner forces think the reward for working with us is a visa: that does not work at all.
I appreciate the Minister’s comments and his commitments today, but it is more than two years since the chaos of the collapse of the operation in Afghanistan and this surely has come much too late.
There are still many people—not just the Triples, but interpreters and people who worked  alongside the forces—trapped in countries that are hostile and threatening them with transportation back to Afghanistan.
Can he commit today to ensuring, with some urgency, that all cases are looked at quickly and speedily, and that we get as many people to safety as possible?
The cases are being looked at urgently.
In the wider ARAP cohort that the hon.
Member described, that process has been much easier.
Some time ago, I directed the excellent officials who work on this, instead of working through the pile of applications, to go to the employment records we hold for interpreters and other locally employed civilians, and to focus on finding them in the pile of applications rather than going through all the applications that may be spurious or less credible.
We will do so as quickly as we can, but it takes time, and even once eligibility decisions have been taken, if people are undocumented, and many of the ARAP cohort are, it is incredibly challenging to get them out of Afghanistan and into a safe country, and that limits our rate of flow enormously.
On those in other third countries, we do all that we can through the excellent staff in our embassies and high commissions to facilitate their movement out of those countries.
However, there are some countries with whom we have quite challenging diplomatic relationships, particularly at the moment, and that makes it particularly difficult.
That does not mean that we do not keep trying, and I am very grateful to our ambassadors and high commissioners for their efforts, but, fundamentally, we cannot tell sovereign countries what to do.
Back in September, the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs told this House that about 1,000 Afghans were accessing homelessness support, and that was after the Government had evicted 8,000 Afghans, including ARAP personnel, from UK hotels.
Could the Minister confirm that there are still 1,000 Afghans accessing homelessness support?
I will need to write to the hon.
Member on that.
Due to the high number of former Afghani soldiers whose lives are at risk as long as they remain in Afghanistan, what conversations has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues on the possibility of additional safe routes to the United Kingdom?
These things are discussed regularly, as the hon.
Gentleman would imagine.
There is an additional route to the United Kingdom in the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
Indeed, our ARAP and ACRS offer covers all Afghan citizens who served alongside our armed forces or worked alongside our diplomatic missions—or who were simply prominent in Afghan Government and society, and for whom we therefore feel that relocation is necessary for their protection—up to a point.
ARAP and ACRS are matched, not quite in their generosity but in their scope, by schemes in many other countries that were a part of the NATO force in Afghanistan and/or the wider donor community for Afghanistan, so the opportunities for people to leave Afghanistan and resettle elsewhere are enormous.
We should be proud of the UK schemes, which, today’s announcement  notwithstanding, are incredibly generous.
We are moving at the best pace we can to move people out of a country where that is very difficult.
I think  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  could not have put it better when he talked about the debt of honour we owe all those who served with our armed forces in Afghanistan.
I am sure that Members on all sides of the House will be appalled at the fact that, years later, the situation is still not completely resolved.
The Minister rightly highlighted the challenges posed by lack of documentation in some cases, but given that, for those individuals, obtaining documentation will often mean applying to a Taliban-controlled passport office, will the Minister say how the Government are ensuring that those affected have a route to get the necessary documentation in a safe and efficient manner?
No, I am not going to share that detail with the House, because it is in absolutely nobody’s interests for the Taliban to know how we are doing that.