The Minister will know that Kings Seeds is what is known as a well established local business, having been based in Kelvedon since 1888.
It trades in horticultural seeds and is known for its sweet peas, but as he will be aware, it cannot send its products to Northern Ireland, which it says is because of barriers related to the Windsor framework.
Will he clarify whether the announcements made earlier this week—we will discuss the statutory instruments relating to them later today—will resolve the issue?
If not, will he work with me and teams across Government to ensure that we deal with the issue?
Perhaps he would like to come to Kelvedon to meet the company.
As I said, DEFRA officials met Kings Seeds on  19 January .
I am more than happy to meet my right hon.
Friend and the company to discuss its concerns and see how we can support it in all its excellent work in her constituency.
We appreciate the concerns of Kings Seeds.
We are inviting it to the new horticulture working group announced in yesterday’s Command Paper, along with industry representatives.
The Government will ask the group to address the movement of seeds to consumers in Northern Ireland as a priority.
I look forward to hearing its recommendations.
I apologise for my earlier misdemeanour, Mr Speaker.
Now that we have significant progress towards the restoration of devolution, will the Minister agree to work with DUP Members and his ministerial colleagues to ensure that issues such as the horticultural one continue to be resolved, so that we have maximum efficiency across the North channel?
I am delighted to work with the hon.
Gentleman.
We have a track record of working with our DUP friends to solve the challenges that we face.
That conversation can continue, and I look forward to working with him to continue to solve those challenges.
What steps his Department is taking to help reverse biodiversity loss.
This Government have created a whole framework for restoring nature through our legally binding Environment Act 2021 targets, which include our world-leading commitment to halt the decline of species by 2030.
We are accelerating action towards that through our environmental improvement plan.
It is a shame I was not asked about this by the shadow Minister, but we have restored an area of wildlife habitats the size of Dorset, we have a network of marine protected areas, 5 million trees were planted last year, we have 55-plus landscape— Order.
It was  the hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds)  who asked the question.
Let’s not have a personal battle across the Chamber.
Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner is home to many incredibly important sites for biodiversity, as are many of our London suburbs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the new Riverside park delivered by Harrow council in partnership with the Hatch End Association is a good example of projects that support biodiversity in our suburbs?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his local area.
He is absolutely right; we are working with a range of local partners and people to put nature at the heart of what we do.
I cannot commend Harrow council and the Hatch End Association enough for their work—they are putting in an apple orchard, wetlands and wildflower meadows, which are a superb addition to his already beautiful constituency.
Environmentalists such as those at Chester zoo were shocked to see that the Government have ignored the advice of their own experts and authorised the use of neonicotinoid pesticides for the fourth year in a row.
Will the Minister tell me how that is line with our national and international obligations to reduce the overall risk from pesticides, and how it reduces our biodiversity loss?
The hon.
Lady will know from reading the details of the derogation that those pesticides will be used only if they hit the criterion; in many cases, they never do.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of Environment Agency funding levels in the context of recent storms.
The Environment Agency’s budget this year is £1.96 billion, so around £2 billion, which is an increase of more than £700 million since 2015.
We closely monitor the quantum and how we ensure we get value for money.
Following the 2014 flooding, the current Foreign Secretary—the then Prime Minister—stated that money was no object as he agreed a £100 million plan to protect the Somerset levels.
Ten years on, we are experiencing devastating floods with increased regularity.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to protect homes in Somerset from flooding and to ensure that floodwater is efficiently and effectively pumped away from farmland?
The hon.
Lady raises an extremely important point.
Flooding is devastating to homeowners, businesses and farmers.
That is why in her part of the country we set up the Somerset Rivers Authority partnership and secured an extra £80 million of targeted  funding for Somerset.
That targeted action is enabling the area to be more resilient, but there is further work to do.
Severe winter storms drive many seabirds inland, and most leave after a few days, but not cormorants.
The number of cormorants roosting permanently inland has risen from 4,000 30 years ago to about 65,000 now.
They are having a huge impact on freshwater silver fish.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives of the Angling Trust, an organisation I used to chair, and other interested parties to discuss this issue?
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend.
He mentioned the important issue of seabirds.
He will have noticed yesterday’s announcement of two major positive steps.
The No. 1 issue of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds for the last 25 years has been tightening up the overfishing of sand eels.
We are closing English waters to sand eel fishing, which is hugely important to seabirds, particularly the puffin.
Secondly, we announced 13 marine designated areas—to put that into context, that is an area equivalent to the size of Suffolk.
It is a huge step forward in protecting seabirds, on which the UK has a leading position globally.
Hopefully Emma Hardy will get us back on track.
I call the shadow Minister.
I recently met with farmer Henry Ward, who showed me the extensive and damaging flooding right across his farmland caused by two breaches in the river after a storm.
The Environment Agency is unable to tell him when it will have the resources to repair those breaches.
This means that Henry not only lost all the crop that was flooded, but will be unable to plant a new crop in spring.
He is not the only farmer to be impacted.
When will the Government realise that their failure to be decisive and get ahead of the problem of weak defences is costing farmers their livelihoods and— Order.
We only get until 10 o’clock—to take advantage is just not fair.
We must have briefer questions from the Front Bench.
Not only has the water Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , been decisive; he has met the individual farmer the hon.
Lady mentions on his farm.
We are taking action to look at how we can better empower the internal drainage boards—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady chunters from a sedentary position.
I actually represent, in the fens, one of the areas where internal drainage boards are most important.
I have worked with them for 14 years, and the ministerial team is working actively with them now.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his EU counterparts on access to veterinary medicines in Northern Ireland.
Arrangements are in place through to the end of 2025 to support the continuity of the supply of veterinary medicines into Northern Ireland.
We are clear that we must also ensure a long-term solution to safeguard those supplies on an ongoing basis, and we will continue to engage with the EU on all aspects of the operation of the Windsor framework.
Continued restrictions to veterinary medicines remain a very real threat to local agriculture.
The British Veterinary Association Northern Ireland Branch president has said that a serious risk is posed to public health and animal welfare if a permanent solution for access to veterinary medicines in Northern Ireland is not found.
While the Command Paper signals a welcome focus on this issue, with a working group to deal with it, can the Minister confirm that the Government will act unilaterally by spring if it is not resolved?
We will continue to work with the EU to try to find a long-term solution.
Of course, we have to find that solution.
Those negotiations are ongoing, and I do not want to pre-empt any of those discussions from the Dispatch Box, but we do recognise that we need a long-term solution to solve this challenge.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since I last updated the House, the Government have been delivering on their plan to back British farmers.
We are now seeing an average increase of 10% in our environmental farming payments so that farmers can protect our environment and continue to grow the food that we need.
Recent storms have threatened the livelihoods of many farmers, which is why, alongside the wider flood recovery framework, I announced financial support of up to £25,000 for farmers who have suffered uninsurable damage to their land.
Yesterday was the one-year anniversary of our environmental improvement plan; I will not repeat the announcements we touched on earlier, Mr Speaker, given your steer on brevity.
Finally, it is worth reminding the House that we have passed Second Reading of the Pet Abduction Bill, which introduces stricter sentences for those who steal dogs and cats.
Pet abduction causes huge trauma to families and to pets, and we are taking decisive action to address those crimes.
Flooding has caused repeated damage to homes across rural Fylde.
Last week, I held a multi-agency meeting with Fylde’s flood authorities, which updated me on the work carried out since our initial meeting last July.
From blocked culverts to overflows from highways and apparently insufficient drainage on newly built estates, the causes are wide-ranging.
At the meeting’s conclusion, I asked the agencies to provide a written breakdown of their action plan.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the plan and how his Department can assist?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am familiar with the Fylde and the issues there.
I am always happy to meet him to discuss the issues he mentions.
I am in contact with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities about new developments and some of the wider issues that my hon.
Friend has been raising.