The Secretary of State was asked— Whether he is taking steps to improve animal welfare standards applicable to food imports and exports.
We are committed to maintaining high animal welfare and food standards.
Since leaving the EU, we have put in place strong controls on imports, and we are using Brexit freedoms to strengthen animal welfare standards even further by banning the export of live animals for slaughter.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Can I say to  the hon.
Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell)  that we are in the middle of a question, and he has just walked right in front of the Member asking it?
Yesterday, the UK Government implemented a border target operating model in which a veterinarian must provide a health certificate for meat imports from the EU.
Meanwhile, the UK-Australia free trade agreement, which came into effect six months ago, is likely to lead to increased imports of low-cost products produced in Australia using pesticides that are not permitted in the UK and in the absence of veterinary checks.
According to the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Australia has lower welfare standards in many sectors, such as eggs, pigmeat production and chicken.
Does the Secretary of State accept that this asymmetry on standards of animal welfare is incoherent and poses a significant risk of contaminating the food chain with banned pesticides?
The hon.
Gentleman is mixing up two issues.
He mentioned Australia, and specifically eggs.
If he actually looked at the agreement with Australia, he would see that eggs are excluded, as are pork and poultry.
He is mixing that up with the issue of food standards for imports from Europe.
Of course, if we did what his party would advocate and were still in the EU, there would be no checks at all.
This week, Ian Perks, a constituent of mine, had his entire shipment seized in France by over-zealous French officials because he missed out a single word on the export health certificate.
Can the Secretary of State please reassure me that we will find arbitration methods to speed up the process of challenging these completely ridiculous situations?
I know my hon.
Friend champions very strongly the farming and food sector in his constituency, and that he has raised this issue with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, who is actively engaged on it.
Of course, a proportionate approach should always be taken on these issues.
Whether his Department is taking steps to help ensure profits in the food sector are fairly distributed.
Powers in the Agriculture Act 2020 allow us to introduce statutory codes of practice to improve market transparency and ensure fairness in the supply chain.
We will use these powers whenever we find clear evidence of unfair practices, so that all farmers get a fair price for their products.
When will the Minister wake up to the fact that, since Brexit, food prices have rocketed?
My constituents cannot afford to buy staple foods.
Is it not the truth that farmers are struggling?
They are getting almost nothing for their milk, their potatoes and the ordinary things that men and women buy in this country.
Where is the money from these higher prices going, because it is not to the farmers?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman where the higher prices are: they are in France and Germany.
If we look at the value of a basket of goods, we see that in the UK they are lower than they are in the European Union.
If we had followed his model or his advice, we would still be in the EU.
Our retailers, our farmers and our processors are working together, and we want to see fairness in the supply chain.
We want fairness for the consumer, and also for the farmer, the retailer and the processor.
Ynys Môn farmers and the farming community are important to food production, and their profits are vital to our Anglesey island economy.
Does the Minister agree with Aled Jones, the president of National Farmers Union Cymru, that Welsh Government sustainable farming schemes will have “damaging consequences”, including the potential loss of 5,500 jobs in the sector?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for how she campaigns on behalf of her constituents.
I know that Welsh farmers are very concerned about the Welsh Government’s approach to Welsh agriculture.
Here in England, we are trying to support farmers in producing top-quality food and looking after the environment, and I think the Welsh Government need to reflect on how they should influence their farmers to do exactly the same.
What steps he taking is to support local authorities to reduce litter and fly-tipping in cities.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
I know what a blight litter and fly-tipping can be on local communities, which is why we have provided nearly £1 million to help councils purchase new bins and almost £1.2 million to combat fly-tipping, while a further £1 million will be awarded in the spring.
We have more than doubled the maximum fines that councils can issue, with all income from fly-tipping fines to be reinvested in enforcement and cleaning up our streets from April, to ensure that councils can invest in cracking down on crime.
Bring the Wombles back!
My constituents’ anger and frustration with litter and fly-tipping has grown as £390 million-worth of Government cuts to Newcastle City Council’s budget has impacted on services.
Children in particular complain to me about having to play in rubbish.
My 15-point plan for rubbish sets out some of the additional powers councils need to address the scourge.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss it, and will he back Labour’s plan for fixed penalty notices for fly-tippers?
This Government are taking tough action on fly-tipping, which is why we have specifically allowed councils to collect those fines and ringfence them for prosecution and cleaning up the streets.
It is important to note that it is Conservative councils that are going above and beyond in dealing with the issue; Labour councils are three times worse than Conservative councils at dealing with fly-tipping crime.
Residents living in Cobham Road, Friar Park, in my constituency have recently experienced fly-tipping in the alleyway behind their properties.
Despite this being reported by councillors four months ago, Sandwell Council has still not removed that rubbish.
Apart from telling my constituents to vote Conservative in May, what further steps can the Minister take to ensure that councils fulfil their duty to remove rubbish quickly?
My constituents in West Bromwich East deserve better.
I am disappointed to hear once again about the fly-tipping that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are experiencing for the first time in Friar Park.
We are giving councils extra powers to crack down on fly-tipping, but of course it is up to councils to use the powers we are giving them, and it is important to note that the Labour administration at Sandwell Council is once again the worst performing council in the country, with zero prosecutions for fly-tipping last year.
That is despite this Conservative Government raising fixed penalty notices for fly-tipping from £400 to £1,000, and the Government enabling those councils—