Such is the confusion within the Scottish National party that I hope the House forgives me for the mistake.
I recognise that the hon.
Gentleman has changed his party and now is an Alba Member.
I am happy to correct the record.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like your advice on the scheduling of business today.
A number of people— Sorry, but that is not relevant to the questions we have just had.
The only way the hon.
Gentleman can raise that as a point of order is by doing it after we have done all the questions.
We now have questions to the Attorney General.
The Attorney General was asked— What steps she is taking to help ensure effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
What steps she is taking to help ensure effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
What recent steps her Department has taken to increase prosecution rates for fraud and economic crime.
The Crown Prosecution Service and the Serious Fraud Office play a crucial role in bringing economic criminals to justice.
Indeed, this month the SFO charged two company directors with fraud in relation to a car lease scheme into which hundreds of British savers paid about £88 million.
The Horizon Post Office scandal has appalled the nation.
Hundreds of sub-postmasters were wrongly prosecuted and convicted, and many were jailed, although they were entirely innocent of any fraud.
On the other hand, covid-19 fraud is known and real.
Estimates put it as high £16 billion, yet we have not clawed back a fraction of what has been stolen.
Why were the innocent left to rot for so long, while the guilty go free to enjoy the fruits of their covid crime?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right about the appalling miscarriage of justice; I agree entirely with everything she said about Horizon and the Post Office.
As she knows, steps are being taken to address that and work is ongoing.
On covid crime, the Attorney General and I meet regularly with the Serious Fraud Office and the Crown Prosecution Service to press for action on whatever is the pressing issue of the day.
The CPS has charged a number of individuals in relation to precisely the fraud activities she refers to.
Is the Solicitor General aware that the Home Affairs Committee is currently looking at the whole issue of fraud and finding a huge problem with everything from romance fraud to fraud financing terrorism?
Clearly, there is an urgent need for much better joined-up working between agencies and information sharing in this country, as well as on the international front.
What discussions and experience has he had on which nations prosecute fraud more effectively than we do in this country?
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent point.
I commend him for his work on the Home Affairs Committee and look forward to the results of that work, which we will consider carefully.
The Attorney General and I meet regularly with the SFO and the CPS to assess best practice and to see where lessons may be learned, both internally and from abroad.
Intelligence sharing goes on between the respective agencies in any event, and we will look at what lessons can be learned from best practice here and abroad to take forward the points he raises.
In the past five years, law enforcement agencies, including the CPS proceeds of crime unit, have confiscated £568 million from criminals.
Those agencies get to keep a tiny percentage of recovered assets and virtually no fines to help them continue their work.
Why are the Government enfeebling the very organisation it relies on to win the fight against economic crime?
Why will they not adopt Labour’s invest-to-save model of enforcement?
I commend the work of the enforcement agencies, which have rightly cracked down on the fraudulent activity the hon.
Gentleman refers to.
He is right that the Government have tirelessly pursued  criminals with a view to recouping money, to prevent those criminals from benefiting from their ill-gotten gains.
Among a number of positive outcomes has been £105 million being returned to victims.