As I said in response to earlier questions, the interpreters and those who worked alongside us in a supporting function are much easier to find within the pilot applications, because we have the employment records and are therefore able to confirm their service easily.
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to write to me about the specific cases raised with him, I will endeavour to get him answers as quickly as I can.
11.1 am To ask the Leader of the House if she will give us the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  5 February  will include: Monday 5 February —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.
Tuesday 6 February —Opposition day (4th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 7 February —Motions related to the police grant and local government finance reports.
Thursday 8 February —General debate on National HIV Testing Week, followed by a general debate on the management culture of the Post Office.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the February recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 8 February  and return on  Monday 19 February .
May I wish you a very happy birthday as well, Madam Deputy Speaker?
I start by expressing our profound regret that  the hon.
Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer)  has decided to step down due to fears for his safety and that of his family.
The recent attack on his office was horrific.
That any Member is forced from office due to intimidation, threats and fear is an attack on all of us and what we represent.
It is unacceptable and we must do more to protect our freedoms and democracy.
We stand together.
Yesterday, Alison Phillips was “banged out” of the newsroom in her last day as editor of the Daily Mirror.
Alison broke the mould for female journalists, and she led a number of campaigns that had a direct effect on this place.
She leaves a proud legacy.
Last week I asked the Leader of the House about the Procedure Committee report on scrutiny of Lords Secretaries of State.
Has she now digested it, and when will she bring forward a motion to make it happen?
I will chalk it up as a victory that, after many weeks of asking, Foreign Office Ministers finally came forward with a statement this week on the ongoing conflict in Gaza and Israel.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that that happens more often, with the Foreign Secretary himself taking questions?
The situation demands it.
The International Court of Justice interim ruling was deeply significant and makes for difficult reading.
We are clear that Israel must comply with the orders in the ruling in full, and that Hamas must release all the hostages immediately.
International law must be upheld and the independence of international courts respected, with all sides held accountable for their actions.
Twenty-five thousand innocent people are dead, including thousands of women and children, and 85% of the population of Gaza have been displaced and millions face the risk of famine.
We cannot let innocent Palestinians pay the price.
We must redouble our efforts for a sustainable ceasefire and a political process for a two-state solution.
On that, I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s willingness to recognise the state of Palestine, which is a policy we have long supported.
We hear this morning that Secretary of State Blinken is moving the US in that direction, too.
As the Leader of the Opposition said, it is an “inalienable right of the Palestinian people”.
Can the Leader of the House clarify, as there is some confusion, the Government’s policy on the recognition of Palestine?
Talking of Secretaries of State being accountable, perhaps the Leader of the House can clear up some of the creative use of language by the Home Secretary in his appearance before the Home Affairs Committee yesterday.
Apparently, we no longer have a backlog of asylum claims; it is just “a queue” of 94,000 applicants—some queue, but definitely not a backlog.
The 33,000 asylum seekers who have gone missing apparently are not missing, but have simply “disengaged”.
Does the Leader of the House recognise that the Government have lost control of the asylum system and that smoke and mirrors cannot hide the truth?
The Business Secretary was not exactly forthcoming with the truth this week either.
On Monday, she told this House that negotiations with Canada to save British car imports were “ongoing”, but now we learn that she walked out of those discussions and the entire issue is on pause.
Does the Leader of the House want to take this opportunity to correct the record?
Finally, I cannot let business questions go by without referring to the Leader of the House’s rather bizarre, unprompted, over the top, glowing tribute to the Prime Minister in last week’s business questions.
I feel the lady does protest too much.
It was as if she was at “The Traitors” roundtable, desperately wanting everyone to believe she really is a faithful.
It seems that the traitors sit among them still, secretly planning their next kill.
The evil plotters are trying to avoid banishment so they can win the prize.
Can she reveal herself today, because we all want to know?
Perhaps some of her colleagues can, too, or perhaps they should do us all a favour, cut straight to the endgame and let the public decide.
Quite honestly, much as I love “The Traitors”, this is not a TV show, and their antics have real-life consequences.
As much as we are all sick of watching it, unfortunately, there is no off-switch.
From the Government Benches, I say happy birthday to you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
This week I met Ashley, the cousin of 19-year-old hostage Agam Berger.
She is the girl that many Members will have seen in video footage, playing her violin in happier times.
She volunteered with special educational needs children, and was actively involved in working towards a peaceful solution in her region.
I thank the shadow Leader of the House for her remarks about the hostages and all Members who are working hard to keep the spotlight on these people and their families.
I hope that they will all be home soon.
I also thank the hon.
Lady for her remarks about my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) , who has said that he is going to stand down because of his safety and the wellbeing of his family.
Such attacks on elected Members are attacks on democracy itself.
I know that many hon.
and right hon.
Members and their families are enduring such  threats.
We condemn such actions and those who encourage, incite and excuse them.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her cross- party support on that matter.
I join the hon.
Lady in paying tribute to Alison, who was “banged out” of the newsroom.
I also thank her colleagues who posted that on social media.
I think it sends a very positive message for women in particular who want to work in that sector.
The hon.
Lady asks about the Procedure Committee, and I again thank the Committee for its report on holding to account the Foreign Secretary on a range of issues.
She will know that the recommendations in part rely on the consent of their noble Lords, and I am keen to hear the views of their Procedure Committee on some of the recommendations that our Procedure Committee has made.
Since the Foreign Secretary was appointed, there have been 41 sitting days, and in that time Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office Ministers, including the Foreign Secretary, have made 71 appearances in Parliament, responding to parliamentary questions and in Select Committees.
On Gaza, the hon.
Lady raised some serious issues.
She will know—the Minister for Armed Forces was just at the Dispatch Box—that the Government take compliance with international humanitarian law extremely seriously.
We monitor that with our partners.
She will know that, as we can see from previous conflicts, the Israel Defence Forces also produces reports after the event.
All of that is subject to a great deal of scrutiny, but I will certainly ensure that the Foreign Secretary has heard her concerns.
The hon.
Lady talked about the Home Secretary.
She will know—indeed, many Opposition Members have acknowledged—that the plan for ending small boat crossings and ensuring that we are speeding up processing in the Home Office is working.
I think the latest figures show that the Home Secretary has sped up processing in his Department by 250%.
She will know that crossings are down by substantial amounts—I think now just shy of 40%—and returns are up, which is all to be welcomed.
That has been helped in great part by the new legislation that the Government have introduced.
I am sorry that right hon.
and hon.
Members on the Opposition Benches have not been able to support that.
That brings me to the final topic that the hon.
Lady raised.
I will make the case that we are faithfuls on the Government side.
We have been faithfuls in our obligations to the British public in strengthening our borders.
We have brought forward legislation which the Opposition have voted against—over 70 times on one recent Bill.
We have been faithful to the British public in our promises.
We have been faithful to them in delivering on their decision to leave the EU, for which we had a landmark anniversary this week.
Whatever way people voted in that referendum, we stuck with that democratic result—we did not try to reverse it or campaign for a second referendum—and what the British people want to know is that we are on the right trajectory now.
Since we left the EU, we have grown faster than many nations, including Germany, Italy and Japan.
Our export services are up at a record high.
For goods and services, we are rising through the global rankings—we are up a place since last year.
We have overtaken France on manufacturing, and we have simplified tariffs on thousands of goods and removed hundreds of trade barriers.
We have been through tough times, but whether it is our plans to level up communities such as Teesside, which Labour Members seem to be objecting to, or maximising our new-found freedoms to control our destiny and our borders, or opening up more opportunities for the wealth of talent and creativity of our citizens, our plan for Britain is working.
Britain is on the right course.
We have been faithful to our promises to the British people.
Labour has not, and it would turn us back on the EU, union reform, tax hikes and much more.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.