Hounslow Borough is plagued by fly-tipping.
Despite the council using all the powers it can to address the problem, spending large amounts of money to do so, and having a good rate of recycling, fly-tipping continues.
What is the Government’s timetable for responding to the Public Accounts Committee report on the Government’s programme for waste reforms?
We are giving councils more powers than ever before to deal with fly-tipping.
We have raised the minimum penalty fine from £400 to £1,000, and are allowing councils to ringfence that money for prosecutions and cleaning up their streets.
It is disappointing to see from the stats that Labour councils are not using the powers we are giving them as much as they should.
The penalties are insufficient.
If offenders were garrotted with their own intestines, there would be fewer of them.
It is important to note that councils can use the power that we are giving them to apply increased penalty fines of £1,000.
The Government want those penalties to be used, so that we can drive down fly- tipping in all council areas.
When his Department plans to bring forward legislative proposals to ban the sale of horticultural peat.
This Government are absolutely clear about the need to end the use of peat products in horticulture in England.
The use of peat has halved since we signalled that in 2020, and in August 2022 we announced that we would ban the sale of peat for use in amateur gardening.
We remain committed to legislating for that when parliamentary time allows.
In the meantime, we are continuing to work with the industry to explore ways to help it transition completely to peat-free working.
UK peatlands store over 3 billion tonnes of carbon, which is more than all the forests in the UK, France and Germany combined.
The Government were right to bring in proposals for a ban, but that was back in 2022 and we have had no primary legislation yet.
The Royal Horticultural Society, which is committed to being 100% peat-free, says that 40% of the industry is waiting for the legislation, so it can get on with a ban across the whole sector.
The industry wants to do it, but it needs the legislation urgently.
I too have met the RHS, and went to see its wonderful experiments on peat-free products very recently, some of which the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs put money into.
This Government are committed to ending the use of peat in horticulture in England, and we will legislate as soon as parliamentary time allows.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that in the meantime we are working closely with those who want peat-free mediums, as well as the businesses  supplying those growing mediums.
A wide variety of work is going on, including research and experiments.
As I have said, peat use has halved, and my hon.
Friend might be interested to know that the Forestry Commission promises to go peat free— Order.
I call Jim Shannon.