Meal do naidheachd, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We saw a softer side to the Leader of the House last week.
“The Prime Minister is a great dad”, she loyally read out from No. 10’s script.
“He gives a lot to charity”, she whispered.
Then, right on cue, normal service resumed and she was thundering fury at the Scots for not voting Tory.
She asked me a question that got quite a response in Scotland: “Why do you think us Tory ‘rotters’”—her word, not mine—“are so desperate to keep Scotland in the Union?”
Why, indeed?
It is generally though that Conservatives act in their own self-interest.
Anyway, Scots have been totting up all the great things about being in the UK: the gift of Brexit making us poorer faster than even the worst forecasts predicted; 14 years of grinding, endless austerity; and a crippling debt burden of more than 100% of GDP, just for starters.
However, the Leader of the House is not alone in her desperation to keep Scotland lashed tight to Westminster.
She will remember seeing a secret document presented to the Cabinet in July 2020 by her colleague the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The existence of that document was revealed at the covid inquiry this week.
Finalised at the height of the  pandemic, it was entitled “The State of the Union” and was a blatant attempt by her Government to politicise the pandemic and undermine the Scottish Government when trust in Government messaging was crucial.
It asked the Cabinet to endorse some sort of strategy, most details of which sadly are missing from the inquiry’s version.
It required polling, research and data analysis, all at a time when Scotland’s First Minister and Government were focused on and doing their damnedest to protect the people of Scotland.
No. 10 was slithering from one scandal to another.
We know that a Union strategy committee and a Union operations committee were set up to mimic the strategy and operations committees that helped create the monster of Brexit.
The right hon.
Lady will agree that considerable resources were required, diverting cash and personnel from fighting the pandemic.
It must be made clear to the public who funded that.
Will she ask her colleagues to give a statement on the project, laying out why it was an appropriate use of governmental resources, what it did and what it is felt to have achieved—its key performance indicators, let us say—particularly given the times in which it was conceived?
Finally, the Leader of the House will recall that the state of the Union report found, among many things, that 82% of young voters in Scotland want independence.
Is she surprised?
The hon.
Lady talks about normal service, and we have had normal service from the SNP this morning: the full bingo card of textbook, standard nationalist operating procedure.
Failure to take responsibility for the things that it is responsible for: tick.
Blame others: tick.
Demonise opponents: tick.
Distract from the indefensible things that we have found about this week: tick.
A complete lack of self-awareness: tick.