It is two years since the former anti-fraud Minister, Lord Agnew, resigned in embarrassment over the Government’s oversight of covid business loan schemes, describing it as “nothing less than woeful”.
Can the Solicitor General tell us, in the past two years, how much of the missing billions, seemingly written off by the Prime Minister as Chancellor, has been recovered and what the Government are doing now to chase down the covid crooks?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to draw attention to this.
The public quite rightly expect the money that the Government advanced in good faith to help those who were challenged during the pandemic not to be the victim of fraudulent activity.
Intelligence sharing goes on between the Serious Fraud Office, which, as he knows, prosecutes the most serious cases,  and the Crown Prosecution Service, which has already charged a number of individuals.
We will continue to do that both from our perspective and with the law enforcement agencies to make sure that the crooks to whom he refers are pursued.
What recent assessment she has made of the compatibility of the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill with the European convention on human rights.
I would like to assure the House that the Government respect their international obligations.
The Law Officers convention prevents me from disclosing outside Government whether I have given advice or even what the context of any such advice might be.
The Bill to which the hon.
Gentleman refers is currently in the other place, and will, I am sure, be discussed very fully there.
Just this week, we heard media reports that four Rwandans had been granted refugee status in the UK in the past four months, citing well- founded fears of persecution.
At the same time, the Government would like us to accept that Rwanda is a safe country, despite the Home Office accepting that those individuals face a real threat of persecution.
Can the Attorney General tell us how we can send asylum seekers to Rwanda under those circumstances?
We are asking Parliament to look at the matter afresh—not just to look at the facts as they were before the Supreme Court, but to look at new circumstances.
Evidence was published on  11 January  to assist Parliament in those deliberations.
We have assurances from the Government of Rwanda that the implementation of all measures within the treaty will be expedited, and we will ratify the treaty when we are ready to do so.