Journalists and bloggers who criticise the Government are arrested, threatened and put on trial, with allegations of torture, disappearances and suspicious deaths.
Those are just some of the issues that Human Rights Watch and Amnesty have reported on in Rwanda.
When asking Parliament to disregard established legal principles such as the burden of proof and the need for evidence, is the Attorney General genuinely comfortable in passing the Rwanda Bill?
It is constitutionally proper for Parliament to legislate in response to a decision of the Supreme Court.
We do it all the time in the finance and tax space.
Lord Reed was careful to point out to the Constitution Committee in the other House that we did it following the Burmah oil case in the War Damage Act 1965.
In this case, I urge the hon.
Lady to look hard at the evidence that the Government put before the House on  11 January .
If the Bill passes, everyone must treat Rwanda as generally safe for the transfer of individuals under the treaty.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
We are steadily increasing the number of rape cases sent to the Crown court.
We are preparing to launch a joint justice plan, which will transform how the police and the Crown Prosecution Service investigate and prosecute domestic abuse cases.
I will welcome my friend Andriy Kostin, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General, who is not quite here yet because his plane has not arrived, in my office after questions.
The relevance of that is that a team of UK experts is supporting his office to investigate and prosecute cases of conflict-related sexual violence in Ukraine.
Last July, the then Solicitor General,  the hon.
and learned Member for Mid Dorset and North Poole (Michael Tomlinson) , told the House, in a written answer to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) : “A new VAWG strategy for 2023-2025 is being developed for publication later this year.”
That year has come and gone, as has that Solicitor General, so can the Attorney General tell us the status of the strategy and its content, who the Government are consulting, and when it will be published?
The hon.
Lady takes a long-term interest in these affairs, and she I have discussed them for many years.
I reassure her that a great deal of work has been done.
The work in the rape sphere, which I referenced earlier, is very commendable.
After having a really difficult time in prosecuting rapes for many years, we are back up to 2016 levels, and indeed are exceeding them.
The joint justice plan, which will build on the rape work in the domestic abuse sphere, will be ready very shortly—we are saying “in the spring”, but I think she will have to wait only a few weeks.
The Home Affairs Committee carried out an inquiry into the investigation and prosecution of rape.
One of our very clear recommendations was that police forces need to have specialist units to investigate rape for cases to proceed to the CPS, and hopefully to court.
We know that we get better decision making and communication with victims and the CPS if we have those specialist officers.
Is the Attorney General as surprised as I am that not all police forces have those specialist units to deal with rape and sexual assaults?
The right hon.
Lady, who does sterling work on the Home Affairs Committee, knows that the police are not directly under my supervision, but I am proud to talk about the very close co-operation between the police and CPS specialists in this field,  which has really helped, together with some great granularity and pushing on the statistics to drive up rape prosecutions.
She will be glad to know that in her area of Yorkshire and Humberside the number of suspects charged with rape has increased significantly over the last year.
My Newton Aycliffe constituent Zoey McGill suffered from appalling knife crime when her son Jack Woodley was killed in 2021.
She is now suffering again, as one of the perpetrators is using social media from custody to glorify himself.
Does the Attorney General agree that such actions should be prosecuted, and that the consequences should be publicised to ensure that they become a deterrent against others glorifying themselves from our prisons?
My hon.
Friend highlights a horrific case.
That is why it is so important that we crack down on mobile phone use, and indeed mobile phone existence, within prisons.
The Government have put in £100 million to ensure that prisons have airport-style security, to ensure that it is much more difficult for phones to get in.
Incidents such as he raises are very serious, and I commend him for doing so, as well as his constituent Zoey and The Northern Echo, which I understand has been campaigning on the issue.
How many prosecutions have been brought by the Serious Fraud Office for cases of fraud connected with covid-19 (a) contracts and (b) financial support schemes.
The Serious Fraud Office has brought no prosecutions for cases of fraud connected with covid-19.
The SFO deals only with the most complex and serious economic crime, so the vast majority of such cases would not fall within its remit.
The SFO works closely with other law enforcement agencies to ensure that intelligence is shared and the investigations are handled by the most appropriate agency.
It is staggering to hear the Solicitor General refer to this as not serious, or imply that it is not serious.
In 2023, the level of fraud reported by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs in two covid-19 financial support schemes sat between £3.3 billion and £7.3 billion, with less than £1 billion being recovered.
Considering that the UK Government have already written off an alarming £8.7 billion that they spent on protective equipment bought during the pandemic, will he commit to routinely publishing accounts including the number of prosecutions and the cost of recovery for covid-19 contracts and support schemes?
The hon.
Gentleman misunderstands my point: the SFO deals with the most complex schemes.
Not for a second would I have suggested that any such fraud is not serious—of course it is—but the vast majority of the crimes to which he alludes would be dealt with by the CPS.
Indeed, the CPS has charged a number of individuals with precisely those sorts of crimes.
What recent discussions she has had with the Director of Public Prosecutions on his priorities for the Crown Prosecution Service.
I have regular meetings with the Director of Public Prosecutions.
His priorities align closely with those of the Government—namely, tackling delays, combating violence against women and girls, enhancing our work with victims and driving improvement across the system.
It appears that almost every week on our streets we see hate-filled demonstrations with antisemitism rife, yet no action seems to be taken.
The end result is that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer)  has announced his decision to leave this place because of antisemitism and the threats against his person.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Attorney General take up the matter with the CPS, to ensure that that is the last such case and that antisemitism is prosecuted properly in the way it should be?
My hon.
Friend raises an important and serious matter.
I reassure him that I have been working closely with the CPS, which in turn is extremely close to the police, to deal with these very significant issues.
The CPS has been embedded in the control rooms during the most serious of the marches that have taken place.
I also reassure my hon.
Friend that a large number of prosecutions have already started.
Most of the ones that have come to conclusion are necessarily guilty pleas, because prosecutions take time, but we all saw, sadly, a large uptick in that horrible crime after  7 October  last year, and we are just starting to get to the phase when trials are beginning where people have not pleaded guilty.
I hope he will take some reassurance from my answer and that he will come and see me so that I can talk him through some of the work we are doing.
Does the Attorney General agree that a key priority for the CPS must be fixing the flawed way that joint enterprise laws are used, and does she agree that no one should ever be convicted of a crime that they made no significant contribution to?
I know the hon.
Lady is a long- time campaigner on joint enterprise, and I also know that the Lord Chancellor, my dear friend in this place, has also considered such matters very carefully.
What recent steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to ensure the rule of law is upheld within Government.
I have always been clear that the rule of law is fundamental to our constitution, and it is the duty of the Law Officers to  uphold it.
As I emphasised in my speech at the Institute for Government last summer and in my appearance before the House of Lords Constitution Committee, I take that duty very seriously indeed.
I engage not only with colleagues across Government but with students and other young people, to ensure that the rule of law is protected not just now but for generations to come.
The Horizon scandal has raised many important legal questions, ranging from the reliance on flawed evidence to the slow pace of the justice system in correcting miscarriages of justice.
Will the Attorney General now address the implications for the power of organisations such as the Post Office to pursue private prosecutions, and in particular what oversight the Crown Prosecution Service can or should have over the use of those powers?