She is survived by her

children, Paul, Bill, and Laura, her 32 grandchildren, and other

relatives.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in remembering the life

of Patricia Farris, a valued member of our community who has left a

lasting impact on countless individuals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, April 3, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

APRIL 8

8 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Strategic Forces

To hold receive a closed briefing on an update on the

Sentinel Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Program.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Bradley

Hansell, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary for

Intelligence and Security, Earl Matthews, of Virginia,

to be General Counsel, and Dale Marks, of Florida, to

be an Assistant Secretary, all of the Department of

Defense, and Brandon Williams, of New York, to be Under

Secretary of Energy for Nuclear Security.
10 a.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Stephen

Vaden, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Secretary, and Tyler

Clarkson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel, both of

the Department of Agriculture.
Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the President's 2025 trade

policy agenda.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Brian

Burch, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Holy See,

Brandon Judd, of Idaho, to be Ambassador to the

Republic of Chile, and Nicole McGraw, of Florida, to be

Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, all of the

Department of State.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Small

Business to examine prosperity on Main Street, focusing

on keeping taxes low for small businesses.
HVC-210

10:15 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine the Freedom of Information

Act, focusing on perspectives from public requesters.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities

To hold hearings to examine United States Special

Operations Command in review of the Defense

Authorization Request for fiscal year 2026 and the

Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately

followed by a closed hearing in SVC-217.
Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Seapower

To hold hearings to examine the state of nuclear

shipbuilding.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
APRIL 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Arielle

Roth, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant

Secretary of Commerce for Communications and

Information.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine improving future management

of the Superfund Program.