Title: CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF HOWARD DAVIDSON; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
59

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF HOWARD DAVIDSON

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to wish a happy 100th birthday to Mr.

Howard Lee Davidson of Visalia, California, a veteran of World War II

and a hero of our community.
Howard was born in Visalia, California on April 2, 1925.
With the

entry of the United States into World War II, he proudly enlisted in

the U.S. Army as Private First-Class Howard Lee Davidson.
Howard would

soon brave the treacherous Atlantic Ocean aboard the RMS Queen Mary

vessel to join the war in Europe.
On June 12, 1944, six days after the

Normandy landings on D-Day, Howard was assigned to the U.S. Third Army,

commanded by legendary General George Patton.
During this time, Howard

served as an anti-aircraft gunner in which he was part of the offensive

across France, Belgium, and all the way into Germany.
While advancing

through the Ardennes Forest centered around Belgium and Luxembourg,

Howard found himself in the Battle of the Bulge.
Often referred to as

``the greatest American battle of the war,'' Howard fought alongside

British, French, and Canadian Allied forces to halt the final offensive

of German reserves during a six-week winter onslaught.
Without the

bravery of Howard and others like him in the Third Army, the Allied

offensive to liberate Europe would certainly have suffered deeply.
When he returned to the United States after serving in the war,

Howard met his wife Stella Thrasher and the two were soon married.
The

couple had three children--Kenny, Danny, and Vicky, who is Howard's

loving caretaker.
Howard's grandson, also named Danny, followed his

grandfather's dedication to patriotism and currently serves as Staff

Sergeant at Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska.
In our country's proud

history, it is so often the legacy of service among families which

keeps our Nation safe and our Armed Forces strong.
I hope Howard looks

back with pride on his years of service, not only for the great

sacrifices and honor, but also the enduring legacy it fosters for our

Nation.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful Nation, I ask my colleagues here

in Congress to join me in celebrating 100 years of Howard Lee

Davidson's brave and patriotic life.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING JAQUA REALTORS

HON.
BILL HUIZENGA

Mr. HUIZENGA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate

Jaqua Realtors as they celebrate their 50th anniversary.
This

achievement represents more than a half-century of service to the

people of Southwest Michigan.
In 1975, Jaqua Realtors began with a single office in Kalamazoo

operated by Chuck Jaqua.
Since the doors first opened, Jaqua has opened

thirteen more offices across Southwest Michigan.
As a small business

owner myself, I can attest that the hard work and dedication of the

whole Jaqua family is a true representation of the American Dream.
Marking half a century as a family-owned business.
Since their

founding, ownership has remained in the family.
The business is

currently under the leadership of Dan Jaqua, who sees the value of

maintaining his late father's commitment to the community.
Jaqua Realtors is a prominent piece of the Southwest Michigan

community.
They believe in a hands-on approach to community support and

have been extensively philanthropic since their foundation.
Jaqua

Realtors has contributed to groups such as the Kalamazoo Literary

Council, Girls on the Run, and the Greater Kalamazoo United Way.
We would like to thank Jaqua Realtors for more than fifty years of

outstanding dedication in Southwest Michigan.
This achievement is truly

remarkable.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Jaqua Realtors as they

celebrate their 50th anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING APRIL AS NATIONAL AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.