Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Valeria, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Valeria's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Arvada High School and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and

promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Valeria Seanz Alvarado on achieving

the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VERONICA QUEZADO

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Veronica

Quezada for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Veronica has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Veronica, develop crucial skills and

a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Veronica's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Arvada High School and is clearly just the beginning of

a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Veronica Quezada on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING PATRICIA FARRIS

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and enduring

legacy of Patricia Marie Farris, a caring mother, grandmother, great-

grandmother, and entrepreneur who dedicated her career to our

communities.
Patricia passed away March 5, 2025, at the age of 94.
Born on April 29, 1930, in Blue Eye, Arkansas, Patricia moved west in

1941 during the Dust Bowl and was raised in the Indian Wells Valley of

California.
Through the Great Depression and World War II, Patricia

grew up alongside her six siblings and parents.
Together, they became

one of the first families to put roots down in the area prior to the

establishment of the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, home of the

U.S. Navy's premier weapons development program.
Following her

graduation from Burroughs High School, Patricia attended college in

Missouri, where she would meet her husband, Fred Stanley Farris.
They

soon fell in love and were married on December 1, 1948.
In 1969, Patricia and Fred Farris returned to the Indian Wells Valley

with their children, after spending years living around the country.
Patricia Farris, alongside her husband, managed a service station and

cafe within the town of Inyokern, and worked many community events such

as air shows and parades.
For decades, she successfully contributed to

community events and productions while simultaneously managing the

family-run businesses.
In 1980, Patricia was hired as publisher for the

News Review, a local newspaper that informed thousands of community

members on events effecting the Indian Wells Valley.
It was in this

role that Patricia became a strong advocate and voice for the Indian

Wells Valley.
Always seeking to keep her community and its leaders

aware of important stories and events, Patricia served in this role for

44 years, until retiring in 2024.
Patricia is preceded in death by her husband Fred, with whom she

shared a 52-year long marriage, her daughter, Patti Cosner, grandson,

Kenny Farris, and great-grandson, Joshua Farris.
She is survived by her

children, Paul, Bill, and Laura, her 32 grandchildren, and other

relatives.
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in remembering the life

of Patricia Farris, a valued member of our community who has left a

lasting impact on countless individuals.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.