Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
APRIL 9

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Business meeting to consider the nomination of Arielle

Roth, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant

Secretary of Commerce for Communications and

Information.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine improving future management

of the Superfund Program.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Business meeting to consider S. 558, to provide for the

consideration of a definition of antisemitism set forth

by the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance for

the enforcement of Federal antidiscrimination laws

concerning education programs or activities, S. 163, to

require institutions of higher education participating

in Federal student aid programs to share information

about title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,

including a link to the webpage of the Office for Civil

Rights where an individual can submit a complaint

regarding discrimination in violation of such title, S.

932, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act

with respect to molecularly targeted pediatric cancer

investigations, and additional pending calendar

business.
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Scott

Kupor, of California, to be Director of the Office of

Personnel Management for a term of four years, and Eric

Matthew Ueland, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director for

Management, Office of Management and Budget.
10:15 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jared

Isaacman, of Pennsylvania, to be Administrator of the

National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and

Olivia Trusty, of Maryland, to be a Member of the

Federal Communications Commission.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Cybersecurity

To hold closed hearings to examine United States Cyber

Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for Fiscal Year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing

at 3:30 p.m. in SD-G50.
Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Personnel

To hold hearings to examine personnel policies and

programs in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Crime and Counterterrorism

To hold an oversight hearing to examine Meta's foreign

relations and representations to the United States

Congress.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine pending calendar nominations.
Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine financial aggression,

focusing on how the Chinese Communist Party exploits

American retirees and undermines national security.
Joint Economic Committee

To hold hearings to examine reducing waste, fraud and

abuse through innovation, focusing on how AI and data

can improve government efficiency.
CHOB-210

APRIL 10

8 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold closed hearings to examine the posture of United

States Indo-Pacific Command and United States Forces

Korea in review of the Defense Authorization Request

for fiscal year 2026 and the Future Years Defense

Program; to be immediately followed by an open hearing

at 9:30 a.m. in SD-G50.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine turning back time, focusing

on locking the clock.