Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Jaqua Realtors as they

celebrate their 50th anniversary.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING APRIL AS NATIONAL AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH

HON.
CLAUDIA TENNEY

Ms. TENNEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize April as

``National Autism Awareness Month''.
Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a developmental disability that

generally appears before the age of 3, impacting social interaction,

communication skills, and cognitive function.
Today, 1 in 36 children

in the United States are diagnosed with autism, and approximately 5.4

million Americans are living with autism spectrum disorder.
Autism prevalence has increased significantly over the past two

decades, underscoring the need to expand research and provide adequate

resources for individuals on the spectrum.
By raising awareness, we can

better support individuals and families affected by autism, helping

them lead fulfilling lives.
Our schools and early childcare programs must be equipped with the

knowledge, resources, and training to assist those living with autism.
Early diagnosis and intervention are critical, as they can

significantly improve communication, social skills, and quality of life

for individuals with autism.
I would also like to take a moment to recognize my friend, Vincent

McLaughlin, a dedicated advocate and a true inspiration.
Vincent has

shown unwavering commitment to his community through his decade-long

service on the Ulster County Planning Board representing the Village of

Saugerties, his 16 years of service as a volunteer firefighter, and his

continuous work to raise awareness and support for those living with

autism.
In 2023, he was appointed to the New York State Council on

Developmental Disabilities because of his advocacy and dedication,

which embody the spirit of community involvement and empowerment.
Vincent's selfless efforts make a difference every day, and I am

grateful for his dedication and friendship.
As we observe Autism Awareness Month, let us commit to supporting all

Americans living with autism, ensuring they receive the necessary

resources, opportunities, and respect they deserve.
Autism should never

be a barrier to success or happiness.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ARGJEND KRASNIQI

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Argjend

Krasniqi for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Argjend has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Argjend, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Argjend's hard work, determination, and perseverance

at Arvada West High School and is clearly just the beginning of a

bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Argjend Krasniqi on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING CHRISTELLE KUMESO

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Christelle

Kumeso for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth

Award.
Christelle has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Christelle, develop crucial skills

and a work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This

award is a testament to Christelle's hard work, determination, and

perseverance at Arvada High School and is clearly just the beginning of

a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Christelle Kumeso on achieving the

Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MICHAEL RACINOWSKI

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Michael

Racinowski for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for

Youth Award.
Michael has overcome many challenges along his journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.