Mr. KIM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the career and retirement.
Robert `Bob' Prud'homme, a Senior Scholar and Professor at Princeton University who's work pioneering key facets of COVID-19 vaccination distribution helped save millions of lives across the globe.
A Mercer County resident, Bob is a retired Captain of the United States Army who proudly served his country during the Vietnam War.
After his bravery in Vietnam, Bob was an environmental engineer in the U.S. Army Armaments Command where he received the Bronze Star and an Army Commendations Medal.
Bob excelled in his studies, earning a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Stanford University, a Masters Degree in Environmental Science and Public Policy from Harvard University, and finally a Doctoral Degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin--Madison.
After this illustrious academic career, he began his tenure at Princeton University in 1978 as an adjunct professor in chemical engineering.
Bob has spent these last 46 years educating the next generation of engineers in New Jersey, and dedicating his own research to developing technologies that help make cost effective medicines and vaccinations.
His work proved invaluable at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The technology he developed allowed for quick dissemination of COVID-19 vaccinations that helped save millions of lives across the globe.
This technology is just one of many achievements Bob has pioneered throughout his long career.
His research has been published over 400 times in national and international publications and his work has received support from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
He has also received many accolades and honors throughout his career, including recently being elected to the National Academy of Engineering.
Not only is Bob an exceptional engineer and researcher, he has been an active member at Princeton Community Church for over two decades.
It was here that he met his wife, Dottie.
The couple now continues to bring the community together through twice-monthly bible study sessions at their home.
Husband, father to six, and grandfather to eleven, Bob is always available to read a story, take a kid fishing, or perform a scientific experiment with his family.
Students, colleagues, and neighbors all know Bob's passion for fly fishing through the many trips with friends he has planned to fishing locations across the country.
Bob embodies the spirit of service that makes me proud to represent people like him in New Jersey's Third Congressional District.
We are lucky to have him as a member of our community.