Ms DeLAURO.
Mr. Speaker, it is with my deepest thanks and sincere appreciation that I rise today to recognize William Samuel, the Director of Government Affairs at the AFL-CIO, as family, friends, and colleagues gather to wish him well as he marks his retirement from a decades long career fighting on behalf of America's working families.
Bill has been an extraordinary leader, advocate and friend.
And, while I have no doubt that he will continue to stay engaged, the AFL-CIO and the labor movement will not be the same without him.
A graduate of Oberlin College and the George Washington University Law Center, Bill knew early on that he wanted to focus his professional life on labor law.
He began his career as a legislative representative for the National Treasury Employees Union and the American Federation of Government Employees, representing federal employees across a multitude of agencies.
Bill went on to serve as the chief lobbyist at the United Mine Workers of America (UMWA).
At the time, the UMWA had not found its voice and he helped to turn that around.
For Bill, the fight to ensure safe working conditions, fair wages, and secure health and retirement benefits has always been a core value.
It is his deep commitment to those values that have guided his career.
That was perhaps most profoundly exemplified as Bill led the successful effort to pass federal legislation guaranteeing lifetime health benefits to hundreds of thousands of retired miners and their dependents.
In doing so, he quite literally changed their lives.
In 1995, Bill transitioned to federal service when he Joined the Clinton Administration, serving as associate deputy secretary of labor under Secretaries Robert Reich and Alexis Herman.
In 2000, Bill became senior policy adviser to Vice President Al Gore, a role in which he was both a principal adviser on labor policy issues and liaison to organized labor.
This professional diversion allowed him the opportunity to shape and implement policies that he had long advocated for.
Following his federal service, Bill returned to the labor movement, joining the AFL-CIO where he served as the Director of Government Affairs for nearly twenty-five years.
Made up of 55 affiliated unions and representing more than 12.5 million working Americans, it takes a unique combination of organization, insight, and leadership to work with such various entities to create a unified message and agenda.
Bill has a unique talent for building consensus--a skill set which he has used throughout his career.
Coordinating with each member union, engaging with leadership as well as rank and file, while also providing guidance and advocacy to Congressional Members and staff, Bill has built a distinguished reputation with all those who have had the opportunity to work with him.
I, like many others, am so grateful to have benefited from his expertise and counsel.
I thank him for that as well as his many years of friendship and support.
In a professional career that has spanned more than six decades, Bill Samuel has left an indelible mark on the labor movement in America.
Many of those whose lives have been improved by his work will never meet or know Bill.
Throughout his career he has been a champion for working Americans, standing up time and time again to protect their rights to safe working conditions, fair and livable wages, as well as secure health and retirement benefits.
Today, as he marks his retirement, I extend my heartfelt congratulations and deepest thanks to Bill for his outstanding service.
My very best wishes to him, his wife, Tracy; and his children Jack and Lucy, for many more years of health and happiness as he begins this new life chapter.