I am sure all Members in this Chamber are aware of the Women Against State Pension Inequality campaign and the parliamentary ombudsman’s findings.
Will the Secretary of State commit to making a statement in the House before Christmas on progress with her review of the ombudsman’s report?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the ombudsman took six years to consider a range of complex cases, and we are looking at their complexity.
I was the first Minister in six years to meet representatives of the WASPI campaign.
We hope to be able to update the House in the coming weeks.
The  work of unpaid carers is of huge value and is often heroic.
A recent report by Carers UK revealed that 42% of those receiving carer’s allowance are struggling financially.
I was therefore really pleased by the significant increase in carer’s allowance announced in the Budget.
It is the largest increase in decades and will benefit many in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that this change will help mitigate the financial challenges that carers have faced for the past 14 years?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that research from Carers UK.
The Budget increased the earnings threshold, so people will be able to earn £10,000 a year from work and still claim carer’s allowance, and an extra 60,000 carers will become entitled to the allowance.
It is a very big step forward.
Research from the University of Bath shows that over half of working households receiving UC have incomes that fluctuate from payment period to payment period, sometimes by up to £400.
This is to do with the way that assessment periods are calculated, and the income coming into people’s accounts.
In 2019, the High Court ruled  that the system should be smoothed, and that the DWP should look at different ways of doing that.
Can the Secretary of State update the House on where we are with the implementation of that High Court judgment?
As I mentioned earlier, we are committed to reviewing universal credit.
The way it works means that in each assessment period—each month—there is a new calculation based on the income that the person has received, as reported by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
However, I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to talk about how the system needs to be improved further.
Carers matter, including the 3,400 carers in Swansea West, so I welcome the significant move in the Budget to increase the amount that carers can earn while retaining carer’s allowance.
History tells us that awareness of the rules is low, so what plans does the Department have to communicate this important, major policy change to carers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The threshold will increase on  7 April  next year, and all current claimants will receive an annual uprating letter in the spring that will set out the new limit.
As I mentioned a moment ago, 60,000 new unpaid carers will also become eligible for the allowance at that point.
Given the new Government’s collective condemnation of the two-child limit over the eight years since it was introduced, which includes condemnation from many Government Members on Select Committees, will they at the very least commit to scrapping its heinous, sexist and frankly disgusting rape clause element?
The hon.
Lady raises some of the worst aspects of the consequences of 14 years of Conservative Government.
We will consider all those issues through the child poverty taskforce.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being the Labour Member for Weston-super-Mare.
I have met Liz Sayce, who will carry out the review, and she is raring to go.
The terms of reference and timelines have not yet been set, but they will be in the next few weeks.
As soon as they are, the details will be placed in the Library.
Kevin is a pensioner in Waterlooville who has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and struggles to breathe in the cold.
His personal budget puts him, on average, about £55 above the poverty line, but he is one of many thousands of people who will be hit by the Government’s cruel cut to the winter fuel allowance.
Political point scoring aside, what practical advice does the Minister have for Kevin to get him through the harsh winter ahead?
I would suggest a number of things: the warm home discount scheme is available for those on low incomes, including pensions; we have extended the household support fund that local authorities can and should use to help people on low incomes; and in the longer term, the warm homes plan will help to make homes across the country more energy efficient and cheaper to heat.
I will also say that thanks to the Government’s commitment to the triple lock, pensioners will be about £1,900 better off over this Parliament.
As I said in answer to a previous question, we are looking at the form.
Some 90% of applicants now apply online, but we note that the paper form is long and we are considering how we can simplify it.
Eastbourne veteran Pauline was awarded military compensation for injuries that she sustained in the service of our country, but she said that that has caused her pension credit entitlement to plummet from £70 to just £10.42 a week.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss her case and ensure that no veteran is penalised for their service to our country?
The hon.
Member is the second person to raise that issue and I happy to meet them both.
How many current Department employees cannot receive further sponsorship due to the previous Government’s changes to the skilled worker visa salary threshold?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question and I will be delighted to follow up with him in writing.
According to the census, 72% of Somalis here live in social housing, compared with 16% of the population overall.
In answer to my written question, the Department says it is “exploring the feasibility” of publishing benefits claimed by nationality, which is important for a proper debate on benefits policy and immigration policy.
Can the Minister confirm that that work is going ahead and tell us when the data will be published?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that nationality and country of origin are not factors in assessing benefit eligibility.
We may look at that in future, but I would be delighted to follow up with him in writing about how we will take it forward.
When I speak to my constituents, from Lofthouse to Farnley, they are extremely concerned about the amount of money being lost to fraud and error in benefits.
Can the Minister confirm a timeline and a plan to get back the £35 billion that has been lost since the pandemic?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that issue.
The spiralling nature of fraud in this country since the pandemic and on the last Government’s watch is totally unacceptable.
We will bring forward a fraud, error and debt Bill in the coming months, which is part of a much broader package—the largest-ever package brought forward by any Government—to take out more than £7.6 billion of fraud over the forecast period.
Citizens Advice tells me that the DWP continues to start action on alleged overpayments more than six years after the event.
That is longer than bank records are kept to prove otherwise.
Does the Secretary of State think that that is fair and right?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is asking specifically about carer’s allowance or about other benefits, but if benefits have been overpaid, the Department has an obligation to recover the money.
What is important is that overpayments are identified sooner and that people are notified when there is a problem, so that we do not get the very large sums that have accrued in overpayments in the past.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on his commitment to spend 2.5% of GDP on defence.
I congratulate the shadow Defence Secretary on securing the first Defence urgent question of the new Parliament.
Previous Defence Secretaries answered just two urgent questions in the whole of the last five years.
Although I cannot promise to answer every future UQ, I wanted to answer the hon.
Gentleman’s first one today to underline just how seriously I take our Department’s responsibility to report to this House.
The Government have a cast-iron commitment to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We promised it in our manifesto at the election, the Prime Minister promised it at NATO in Washington in July, and my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor promised it in the Budget two weeks ago, as well as announcing a £3 billion boost for defence spending next year to start to fix the foundations for our armed forces.
That, of course, is on top of £3 billion each year for Ukraine.
I remind the House that the last time this country spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was in 2010, with the last Labour Government—a level not matched in any of the 14 Tory years since.
Everyone agrees that defence spending must increase to match and deal with the threats we face.
One of our very first acts as a Government was to launch the strategic defence review, which is working at pace to look at the threats we face, the capabilities we need and the resources we have available.
It is not just about how much we spend, but about how we spend it.
The Prime Minister said at NATO that our plan in the SDR will come first, and then we will set out the pathway to spending 2.5%; the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said yesterday that this will come in the spring.
Today is Armistice Day.
At the eleventh hour, I had the honour of laying a wreath at the Cenotaph.
Today is a reminder of what is at stake in this new era of insecurity; a reminder that our dedicated servicemen and women, around the clock, around the world, work to keep us safe; and a reminder of the ultimate sacrifice that so many have made in the past so that we may live in freedom today.
We will remember them.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker, especially on Armistice Day.
I am grateful for the Secretary of State’s response, but he keeps going back to 2010 when we spent 2.5%.
That is true, but he says it without adding the fact that his Government had bankrupted the country.
In fact, I asked the House of Commons Library about this.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies has confirmed that if Labour had returned to government, it was planning cuts to the defence budget of 20% to 25%.
But this question is about today.
The threat picture is far graver than it has been for many generations, as the Chief of the Defence Staff confirmed at the weekend.
As the Secretary of State says, the Labour party committed in its general election manifesto to a “path to spending 2.5 per cent of GDP on defence.”