The Budget took the first steps in this Government’s plan to drive up opportunity and drive down poverty in every corner of the country: it included an additional £214 million for our plan to get Britain working, a new fair repayment rate in universal credit to help over 1 million of the poorest households, and the biggest ever package to reduce fraud and error in the system, ensuring that every pound of taxpayers’ money is wisely spent.
There is much, much more to do, but in the Department for Work and Pensions, change has begun.
It is a great honour to be called to make my first contribution in this place as the Member of Parliament for the new constituency of Stirling and Strathallan.
My constituency is the geographic heart of Scotland, and what a beautiful part of the world I am lucky enough to represent!
At just under 2,500 sq km, it is predominantly a rural constituency—from its farming villages, including Drymen, Buchlyvie, Callander and Killin, to its former coalmining villages of Bannockburn, Fallin, Plean and Cowie; from the bonnie banks of Loch Lomond to the mountains of the Trossachs and the valleys carved by the rivers Forth, Endrick, Teith and Allan.
It has the city of Stirling, with its majestic castle defending a royal burgh that became a royal city in 2002, and the city of Dunblane, with its magnificent medieval cathedral.
Politically, I follow in the footsteps of a daunting list of constituency representation that includes one Prime Minister, the father of a Prime Minister, two Secretaries of State for Scotland, a Secretary of State for War, a Father of the House of Commons and a Leader of the House of Lords.
In my lifetime, we have had Harry Ewing, the godfather of devolution; Michael Forsyth, who brought the Stone of Destiny back to Scotland; and Dame Anne McGuire, who as Minister for disabled people signed the first human rights charter of the 21st century on behalf of the United Kingdom at the United Nations.
Steven Paterson and Stephen Kerr bring us to my predecessor, Alyn Smith.
Alyn represented Stirling in the previous Parliament, but prior to that, he represented Scotland with distinction as a Member of the European Parliament.
He cares deeply for Scotland and has public service at his heart.
I wish him well for the future and thank him for his service.
The coalfields of central Scotland transformed the landscape of the southern end of my constituency over the past 150 years.
My great-grandfather, William Kane, was a miner, and while working at the coalface in 1914, a large rock dislodged from the ceiling and crushed him.
William died from his injuries.
His son, my grandfather Frank, was 12 years old, and had to leave school to earn money—not to take the family out of poverty, but to keep them alive.
Everything that troubles me about that story has been improved by the Labour party and the trade union movement, with their relentless focus on improving workplace conditions and workers’ rights over the past 100 years.
“We feel that something should be done.
We have the idea that one of the functions of the Government of this country is to see to it that there should be equality, equity, and fairplay between the parties, that the weak should be protected from any outrage by the strong…It is the business of the Government to see to it that there should be equity and fairplay between all conditions of people in the State.”—[Official
Report,  13 December 1922 ; Vol. 159, c. 3011.]
Those are not my words, but those of my grandfather Frank’s uncle, Hugh Murnin, who was also a miner.
They were spoken by Hugh in this place, in his maiden speech, after he became the MP for Stirling in 1922.
Reading all of Mr Murnin’s speech, I was struck by how much has changed from his description of work, and how much has stayed the same.
There is still much to do to delivery dignity and fair play, which is why I am proud that this Government are raising the national living wage and, through the Employment Rights Bill, will update the UK’s outdated employment laws and turn the page on an economy blighted by insecurity, poor productivity and low pay.
I should say that 12-year-old Frank, my grandfather, became a grocer’s apprentice.
He developed an entrepreneurial spark that took off when the BBC began broadcasting in Scotland in the 1920s.
He opened Bannockburn’s Radio Music Store to supply radio sets and constantly recharge the large lead-acid batteries on which they depended.
That business prospered under my parents, Bill and Diane, and my brother Michael runs the business today—shop local when you can.
Along with coal, the rivers and lochs of my constituency bring with them nutrients that are vital for farming.
The flat floodplain of the Forth is 16 miles long and 4 miles wide, and is filled with farms that today produce everything from beef to dairy and from sheep to pumpkins.
For many years, the River Forth was Europe’s premier oyster fishery.
Over 30 million oysters were harvested each year in the early 19th century, but overfishing caused a collapse and the Forth oyster was declared extinct in 1957.
Issues such as overfishing and sustainability are studied in great depth at the University of Stirling’s international centre for aquaculture, the largest of its kind in the world.
It is leading the way in research to tackle the global problems of food security, hunger and sustainability through the world’s rivers and seas.
It was also a researcher from the institute of aquaculture who discovered in 2014 that the Forth oyster was still alive, with two of them growing in the river.
When the railway arrived in my constituency in 1848, it brought with it an entrepreneurial spirit that saw Scotland’s first oil refinery open in Riverside in Stirling.
Until the Forth bridge opened in 1890, the bridges at Stirling carried most of Scotland’s goods to and from the highlands.
Scotland’s first heavier-than-air flight took place in Stirling when the Barnwell brothers built and flew an aircraft in the shadow of Stirling castle.
That entrepreneurial spirit lives on in the likes of Highland Spring, a fantastic family business in Blackford that neighbours Gleneagles, one of the world’s premier hotels and golf courses.
In Stirling, a £20 million investment has recently been announced to create a film and TV studio that will be the largest in Scotland.
Stirling was the first gigabit internet city in the United Kingdom, and one of the first in the world to digitally map its city to create an augmented reality smartphone experience.
We are a growing base for life sciences, manufacturing and, of course, tourism.
My constituency offers some of the best outdoor activities in the country, from salmon fishing to hillwalking, with lots of family-friendly activities along the way.
If history and heritage are your thing, we have castles, monuments, battlegrounds and the only working church other than Westminster Abbey to have hosted a coronation.
For those who like sport, Stirling was showcased to the world in 2023 with the  time trials of the Union Cycliste Internationale’s cycling world championships.
Scotland’s national swimming academy is at Stirling University and has produced Olympic medallists including Duncan Scott and Robbie Renwick.
The UK’s national curling academy is also in Stirling, and I cannot mention sport without referencing Judy, Jamie and Andy Murray, whose success, resilience and mindset have forever linked tennis with the city of Dunblane.
Stirling and Strathallan is not in the heart of Scotland: it is the heart of Scotland.
Much of the modern sense of Scottish cultural identity originated in my constituency, from the battles of Wallace and Bruce at Stirling bridge and Bannockburn over 700 years ago to the reinvention of tartan at the mills of William Wilson—also in Bannockburn—in the 1800s.
A much more subtle sense of my constituency is found here in this place and in the UK identity, because it was a Stirling resident, a weel-kent local face called King James VI, who united the kingdoms of England and Scotland in 1603.
I have walked about this place wondering which of our traditions have their origins in the traditions of the court of King James at Stirling castle.
Stirling is celebrating its 900th anniversary this year—900 years since King David granted a small settlement on the River Forth burgh status.
Stirling and Strathallan has gone on to give much to Scotland, the United Kingdom and the world over the past 900 years, and there is much more to come.
Stirling and Strathallan is proud of its past and ambitious for its future, and I am hugely honoured and privileged to represent my home here in this place.
I am grateful for those comments.
Govia Thameslink had an improvement of 3% in its cancellations on last year, but it is still falling behind on punctuality.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss what more we can do.
Commuters at Arlesey and Hitchen stations in my constituency are driven to despair by the shocking state of Thameslink services, with delays and cancellations an all too frequent feature of everyday commutes.
I welcome the urgency with which the Secretary of State is starting to tackle the long-term causes, from industrial disputes to fragmentation.
In the interim, will she meet me to discuss how we can push Thameslink to do more to make sure we finally make these delays and cancellations a thing of the past?
It gives me enormous pride to be stood before you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to make my maiden speech as Hemel Hempstead’s MP.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Cannock Chase (Josh Newbury) and for Stirling and Strathallan (Chris Kane).
I know Stirling well through my involvement in the Make Poverty History campaign; it is a very beautiful place.
I am grateful to make my maiden speech in the presence of the Secretary of State, who was generous with his time in my constituency during the election.
I am humble enough to accept, however, that the primary reason for his presence was usually the fact that his mother resides in Hemel Hempstead and is a member of the local party.
In this debate about rural affairs, I want to start by paying tribute to the beautiful countryside that surrounds our town, and to the villages that are part of the constituency following the changes to the boundaries at the last election.
From St Lawrence’s church in Bovingdon, where I was this morning to mark Armistice Day, to Chipperfield cricket club and the Green Dragon pub in Flaunden, we are blessed with many picture postcard scenes—and my dog, Albert, is particularly fond of chasing squirrels on Chipperfield common.
Turning to Hemel itself, the old town is so picturesque that one local council official jokingly referred to it as Hemelwood, such is its popularity as a filming location for local TV and movies.
We were once home to the site of a major Roman villa on the River Gade, which supposedly had the biggest Roman bath outside Bath itself.
When Hemel town council was amalgamated into a new district council, exactly 50 years ago this year, the then Labour leader of the council, Gordon Gaddes, who is still a stalwart in our community even though he is now in his 90s, chose an old Latin name for the council—Dacorum, which means “of the Dacians”, referencing a period in Saxon times when Danish law applied due to the presence of the Vikings.
We also have a long-standing connection to Henry VIII, who in 1539 granted the town its market charter.
Because of him, the mighty Hemel Hempstead Town FC are nicknamed the Tudors.
Like many others, my family’s connections to the area come from the creation of the new town after the second world war.
This new town was one of Labour’s finest achievements, providing families with decent housing, good-quality factory jobs, education and healthcare.
From Chaulden where my dad grew up to Highfield where my mum did, and Adeyfield where my nan lives now, council housing surrounded a square with amenities such as shops, a community centre, a place of worship, a GP surgery and schools.
I therefore welcome our new Government’s commitment to build genuinely affordable housing and new council homes, while also ensuring that the right infrastructure accompanies them.
As we seek to build new towns around the UK, I would be happy to show Ministers the virtues of our ingenious, and often misunderstood, magic roundabout.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Sir Mike Penning.
It was not just our community that he served with loyalty, but this nation: Sir Mike was a distinguished Grenadier Guardsman in the British Army and subsequently served as a firefighter in Essex.
In his maiden speech he said that when he left this House he wanted to be known as a good constituency MP.
He certainly was, doggedly taking up his constituents’ individual cases when they needed him.
I also pay tribute to our two previous Labour MPs: Tony McWalter, who was kind enough to take me under his wing when I was a member of the UK Youth Parliament, and Lord Corbett.
Sadly, I never had the opportunity to meet Robin, but I know from my friendship with his widow, Lady Val, that he was a wonderful, warm and kind man who served his constituents with compassion.
That leads me to the points that I will prioritise as I serve the people of Hemel Hempstead.
First, I will strive to improve local healthcare, including by pushing for a new community hospital.
In line with this Government’s commitment to neighbourhood-based care, and enjoying the support of the local NHS trust, the local council and my predecessor Sir Mike, I will push hard for the project to advance in the most ambitious way possible, as well as ensuring that access to GPs and dentists improves.
I will make sure that children in Hemel Hempstead, particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities, get the best possible education.
The SEND situation, not only in Hertfordshire but in Dacorum itself, is particularly bad; the issue came up repeatedly when I was talking to voters as a candidate, and it is at the top of my postbag now as an MP.
At one of my most recent surgeries one parent, Natasha, told me that her son Alfie had been diagnosed with autism aged five, yet he has been repeatedly refused an education, health and care plan and has been waiting for a specialist appointment for almost two years.
Sadly, her story is one that Members of this House will know all too well.
I am glad the issue is an area of priority for our new Government, and I will continue to work on it on a cross-party basis as a member of the all-party parliamentary group on SEND.
I will also prioritise combating crime.
Recent stats show that Hemel was the one of the worst towns in Hertfordshire for antisocial behaviour—indeed, it was the worst major town—while vehicle crime is at 105% of the national crime rate.
I have seen that at first hand when I have had the opportunity to go out with local bobbies on the beat.
I will work hard to make our community safer, whether by getting more police officers in our town or by working to reopen the front desk at Hemel police station.
I know that the cost of living crisis is hurting people locally.
Food bank use has gone up 1,000% in the past 10 years in my constituency.
I applaud the work that local charities such as DENS, Community Action Dacorum and Hemel Hempstead Community Fridge are doing to help.
I am doing everything I can to stand alongside them, but I also pledge to push for better decisions to be made here in Westminster to ensure that food banks do not need to exist at all.
In concluding his maiden speech, Sir Mike paid tribute to the person who brought him into politics, the late Sir Teddy Taylor—no relation; it is a common name—and it is only fitting that I do the same.
After taking part in the UK Youth Parliament, I thought long and hard about which great cause I wanted to focus my time and energy on.
I got involved with the Make Poverty History campaign; I still have the wristband around my wrist.
I attended a rally exactly 20 years ago outside the Labour conference, where I heard the then Chancellor Gordon Brown speak in thunderous terms of our duty to help those less fortunate than ourselves.
A few years later, I had the enormous privilege of working for him, with my newly elected hon.
Friend  the Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill) .
Many within these walls and beyond will recognise his—and her—unrelenting dedication and drive to improve the lives of others, which inspires me to this day.
Finally, I add my name to those who have paid tribute to Jo Cox in their maiden speech.
With the Labour Campaign for International Development, and now as a member of the International Development Committee, I remain committed to taking forward her legacy, particularly on the responsibility to protect civilians, which is so urgent everywhere from Ukraine to Syria to Sudan.
As Gordon said on the eve of the poll back in July, we have a choice in the UK and around the world: to succumb to pessimism or to embrace hopefulness and remember that, in Jo’s words, “we are far more united and have far more in common than that which divides us.”—[Official
Report,  3 June 2015 ; Vol. 596, c. 675.]
I will do my utmost, as long as I have the honour of representing the people of Hemel Hempstead, to push for a more hopeful future in our community, our country and our world.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is an honour to make my maiden speech as the Member of Parliament for Cannock Chase, my home.
Having listened to many maiden speeches from all parts of the House, I have to say that I am honoured to be part of an incredibly talented intake—not that I am at all biased.
I also have the privilege of following some outstanding predecessors who are fondly remembered by my constituents.
The best known is the late, great Jennie Lee who represented the former Cannock constituency for 25 years and also served as Minister for the Arts, playing a key role in the foundation of the Open University.
Jennie was recently cited by the Chancellor as one of her political heroes and a contender to replace Nigel Lawson’s portrait in her office.
Alongside her husband, the equally incomparable Aneurin Bevan, Jennie is commemorated across the constituency, including Jennie Lee Way in Rugeley and the Bevan Lee estate in Cannock.
I could not speak about past Members for Cannock Chase without paying tribute to my Labour predecessor, Dr Tony Wright, who served as MP for Cannock and Burntwood and later Cannock Chase from 1992 until 2010.
Tony was the epitome of a dedicated constituency MP.
Constituents regularly speak warmly of Tony and he won votes from across the political spectrum.
If I can be half the MP Tony was, I will be able to look back on my time in this House with pride.
I would also like to pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Dame Amanda Milling, who served our constituency for nine years.
Amanda is praised by both supporters and detractors alike for her efficient approach to casework, which I know would be the envy of many MPs’ offices.
Amanda served as a Government Whip for many years—not an easy job—and as Minister for Asia and the Middle East.
I understand that Amanda also chaired the group of female Conservative MPs and was a passionate advocate of programmes that encourage women to stand for election.
I may not have often agreed with Amanda politically, but I have always found her to be fair-minded, kind and decent, so I genuinely wish her all the best for the future.
When people hear the words “Cannock Chase”, they naturally think of the stunning forest that is the constituency’s namesake.
While making their first speeches, many new Members have claimed their constituency as the most beautiful in the land.
However, I have to point out that my constituency is the only one in England that  shares its name with an area of outstanding natural beauty—facts are facts!
But the Chase is not just a place with serene walks and herds of fallow deer, although we have plenty of both.
It is also a place of industry, sport and recreation.
The Chase is still a working forest, managed by Forestry England, which produces around 19,000 tonnes of sustainable timber every year.
The Chase is arguably most famous as a national destination for mountain bikers.
As someone who could barely stay upright on fresh tarmac, the conversations I have had about mountain biking have probably been the steepest learning curve I have been on since the general election.
But I look forward to working with bikers and Forestry England to build on the legacy of the 2022 Commonwealth games and make sure that unauthorised trails do not spoil the natural beauty of the forest.
The Chase is a vibrant place with a huge range of activities, including the high ropes and free falls of Go Ape at Birches valley.
I place on record an open invitation to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , who, four months on from the general election campaign, must be suffering from zipline withdrawal.
The iron-age hill fort of Castle Ring and the Chase’s former status as a royal hunting forest attest to its rich 12,000-year history.
More recently, soldiers were trained on the Chase, including J.R.R. Tolkien, who was stationed there in 1916, and who may have drawn from it inspiration for the great forests in his legendary books.
However, as my constituents would be keen to remind us all, there is much more to Cannock Chase than our forest.
Our tight-knit communities are home to organisations that we are immensely proud of.
Charities such as Cherishers, Help a Squaddie, Catherine Care and Newlife are the best of Cannock Chase, bursting with dedicated staff and volunteers who selflessly give their time.
The construction, retail and education sectors are the biggest employers locally—unsurprisingly, given that our three main towns of Cannock, Hednesford and Rugeley enjoy a strategic position on A roads and on a busy railway line.
Cannock has the headquarters of Finning, the world’s largest dealer of Caterpillar construction equipment, as well as the west midlands designer outlet village.
Nevertheless, my constituency is not just urban and industrial; it is also semi-rural, with around a third of our land being agricultural.
Clustered around the villages of Slitting Mill, Prospect Village, Cannock Wood, Wimblebury, Norton Canes and Heath Hayes is a tapestry of farms.
Many of these communities feel left behind—last in the queue for infrastructure and services that other areas take for granted.
A lack of access to GPs and bus services is frequently raised by my constituents in rural areas.
We are also home to many businesses in the food supply chain, from processors to distributors.
Because of those constituency interests, as well as my passion for the sector, I am delighted to be getting stuck into my role on the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
Interspersed between houses, factories and nature reserves are small remnants of the once dominant coalmining industry, some of which are conscientiously preserved as much loved reminders of our proud mining heritage.
While we do not want to see a return to coalmining, our towns and villages long for the secure jobs,   social fabric and sense of common identity that characterised coalfield communities for centuries.
The sudden closure of Rugeley power station in 2016 signalled a final move away from coal.
The now cleared site is soon to be renewed, with a new community of hundreds of homes, a school and a new park, which will alleviate flooding from the River Trent.
Following the very welcome and long overdue return of the mineworkers’ pension scheme investment reserve to hundreds of families in my constituency, I look forward to working with the Government and others to bring investment and renewal to communities across Cannock Chase.
Deciding what to say in a maiden speech leads us to reflect on what brought us to this extraordinary place, and what we hope to achieve for the people who sent us here.
For me personally, it is momentous to be standing here, because 20 years ago I was a painfully shy young boy in the corner of the playground with my head buried in a book, trying as hard as I could to be invisible to the bullies who tormented me for a sexuality that, at that age, I did not yet understand.
Today, I stand here proudly as a Member of this House.
If I achieve just one thing in my new job, I hope it is to show young people who are in the position that I was in that your bullies do not define you, nor do they limit what you go on to achieve.
I also hope to make my mark in other ways.
Alongside my incredible husband, I am an adoptive parent to a beautiful four-year-old daughter, and foster carer to an equally beautiful nine-week-old baby boy, so adoption, permanence and our care leavers are all passions of mine.
Having been a councillor in my constituency for over five years, I am and will always be a fierce advocate for local councils and the tangible difference that they make to our communities.
Given that my constituency has the highest proportion of people who commute by car in the whole of England, I know that a priority must be to fix the potholes.
I am delighted that the Government are committed to both devolution and decent roads.
As a proud member of the Co-operative party, I am always keen to promote democratic ownership.
Communities in rural and coalfield areas know more than most the value of clubbing together and giving everyone a stake in the places and services that they rely on.
It is safe to say that I have lots on my to-do list, which is hardly groundbreaking for an MP, but I must finish by thanking the people who have enabled me to serve my home of Cannock Chase in this House.
If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a whole town to win an election campaign.
I thank the Cannock Chase Labour party and all the volunteers who contributed to our record-breaking result.
I thank my incredible family, many of whom are in the Gallery.
They have helped me to overcome so much in my life, and they have put up with a lot; I am sure that many Members’ families can relate to that.
The final thanks go, of course, to the people of Cannock Chase for giving me the opportunity to fight for our towns and villages.
I will go on as I have started, repaying that trust with action and hard work for as long as they keep me here.