Yesterday, it was reported in the Sunday papers that a blind woman with additional complex needs had her PIP assessment over the phone, which was approved, but was then sent a letter to confirm that.
The charity Sense says that over half the people it surveyed feel humiliated by the process.
I know my right hon.
Friend is very keen to get this right, so will he expand a little more on the type of things the Department is changing?
Before the Minister replies, may I ask Members to look at the Chair, as third party, when they are asking or answering questions?
I am being cut out.
Those are not my rules but those of the House on how we should address each other, so if anybody has a problem, please have a word with the Clerks.
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
Indeed, she and I worked on an excellent Select Committee report on health assessments for benefits, which provides some very important and valuable recommendations to the Department.
We will continue to look at this issue.
I am not familiar with the case that she refers to, but I will dig out the details.
Clearly, it is vital that the process should be accessible to people with sight impairments or any other impairments.
I completely agree with her.
What assessment she has made of trends in the number of young people out of work, education and training.
The legacy we inherited is almost 1 million young people not in education, employment or training—nearly one in eight—with all the long-term consequences we know that can bring for their future earnings, job prospects and health.
That is why our new youth guarantee will ensure that every young person is earning or learning, which is better for them, better for the economy and better for our country as a whole.
The DWP has described Peterborough as a national youth unemployment hotspot.
In September, the youth claimant count was running at nearly double the national average.
Places like Peterborough college, through its Jobsmart provision, are already pulling together a coalition to respond to that challenge.
I welcome the Government’s youth guarantee and “Get Britain Working” plans to ensure that young people in places like Peterborough are given the opportunity to earn or learn.
Will the Secretary of State please confirm a timetable for the publication of the White Paper?
The “Get Britain Working” White Paper will be published imminently, backed by £240 million of investment announced by the Chancellor in the Budget.
I look forward very much to talking to my hon.
Friend and the organisations that are working so hard locally, because I believe that the man, or even woman, in Whitehall can never know what is best in Peterborough, Leicester or Leeds.
A small business in my constituency to which I have spoken over the last few weeks has raised concerns about the impact of the national insurance rises in the Budget on, in particular, those in lower-paid work, who in many cases are young people starting their jobs.
What impact do the Government think that those rises will have on young people and youth unemployment?
Just last week I visited a very large employer in my constituency, Tesco, and saw the fantastic work that it is doing with the King’s Trust to ensure that more people get into work and stay in work.
It is determined to work with us and our local schools, and employment and other providers, because they know that rather than writing off nearly a million young people, which led to the situation that we inherited, this new Government have a plan to get people into work, enable them to get on in work, and ensure that every young person has the chance in life that he or she deserves.