My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As a former local authority leader, I know that above all else, certainty will allow councils to design and deliver sustainable plans for local welfare assistance.
The Government’s commitment to funding the HSF until March 2026 offers that certainty and time to plan with greater confidence.
To that end, we will confirm individual allocations for the forthcoming one-year extension to the HSF as soon as possible, and ahead of the scheme beginning on  1 April .
Because the household support fund is devolved to local councils, there are lots of different examples of how the funding is spent, so how will the Minister ensure that the money from councils goes to the people who really need it?
Like me, my hon.
Friend is a former local authority leader—albeit a directly elected mayor, and with a far greater mandate, therefore, than I ever enjoyed.
Like me, he will appreciate the importance of empowering local areas to respond to local need.
That said, all councils must develop delivery plans to show how they are targeting the funds to support the most vulnerable, to ensure that the spirit of the HSF is upheld in helping low-income households with the cost of essentials.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of pensioner poverty.
The last Labour Government lifted more than 1 million pensioners out of poverty, and this Government remain absolutely committed to supporting pensioners.
We know that there are low-income pensioners who are not claiming pension credit, and we urge them to apply.
This will passport them to receive other benefits too.
These are extremely worrying times for millions of pensioners who simply cannot fathom why one of the first acts of this new Labour Government was to remove their winter fuel payments.
The Minister will be aware that last month the SNP Scottish Government opened applications for the pension age disability payment, which could be worth up to £434 a month for pensioners with disabilities or long-term health conditions.
It will be piloted in Scotland next year.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming this initiative and encouraging those who are eligible to apply for it?
It is good to see that the SNP Government are focusing on that issue now, because during their 17 years in government, we have seen increases in pensioner poverty across Scotland.
Pensioners in poverty now have just 40 days to apply for the winter fuel payment via the pension credit system.
Will the Minister look at extending the deadline so that more people can claim pension credit and get the winter fuel payment?
I reassure my hon.
Friend that we have redeployed 500 additional staff to process the claims.
We are working at pace to process them, but  21 December  remains the deadline.
What steps she is taking to improve support for carers.
As a lifelong champion of unpaid family carers, I am proud that the first Labour Government in 14 years have given unpaid carers the biggest ever cash boost to the amount they can earn while still receiving carer’s allowance.
That means family carers can earn an extra £2,000 a year and still keep their allowance.
That is the difference this Labour Government are making: supporting families who do the most important thing, which is caring for the people that they love.
I have spoken to many people in my constituency of South Derbyshire who are taking on caring responsibilities for loved ones.
I know how hard that is
and I am so grateful for the job they do, but it is often a thankless task.
I am glad that the Government have taken action to support people in our communities who take on caring responsibilities, but it is disproportionately women who do so.
Will the Secretary of State outline how the increase in the threshold will benefit women and allow them greater freedom to work?
My hon.
Friend is right: 60% of unpaid carers are women, but women spend more hours caring, so they are disproportionately represented when it comes   to receiving carer’s allowance.
This is a small, but significant and important, step forward.
It is a signal that the new Government understand that as people live for longer and care for longer, we will have to do more to help families balance work and caring responsibilities.
That is the truth of family now: it is as much about caring for our elderly and disabled loved ones as it is about caring for our own wonderful children.
What estimate her Department has made of the number of pensioners eligible for Pension Credit but not claiming it.
Estimates for pensioners who are eligible for but not receiving pension credit were published in early October.
The estimates show that more than 800,000 pensioners—individual pensioners, not households—are entitled to pension credit but are not claiming it.
As the Minister will know, the Chancellor’s cruel decision to tie winter fuel allowance to pension credit, despite knowing that the uptake of pension credit is very low, will force thousands of vulnerable pensioners to choose heating or eating this winter.
With 16,577 pensioners in Wokingham expected to be affected by the cuts, will she extend the deadline to apply for pension credit and consider pledging further support to increase take-up?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell) : the deadline remains  21 December .
Thanks to the Government’s steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will see their pension increase by more than 4% in April next years, up to £470.
Over this Parliament, they will be better off by around £1,900, thanks to the triple lock.
Low-income pensioners can also apply for the warm home discount scheme and, thanks to the extension of the household support fund, local authorities can target that support on low-income pensioners.
In the longer term, the warm homes plan will transform homes across the country by making them cleaner and cheaper to run.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce levels of child poverty.
As well as putting in place breakfast clubs that mean children are ready to learn, and as well as the fair payment rate—we have discussed that—which will stop families being tipped into destitution by debt, the ministerial taskforce, chaired by the Work and Pensions and Education Secretaries, will publish the child poverty strategy in spring 2025, using all available levers across government to bring about an enduring reduction in child poverty in this Parliament, as part of a 10-year strategy for lasting change.
We know that the previous Government presided over shameful levels of child poverty, including nearly 500,000 children who are eligible for free school meals but who are missing out.
Will my hon.
Friend, alongside the Education Secretary, urgently look at the proposal by Feeding Britain for auto-enrolment to free school meals as part of the single application process for families claiming UC?
One person who has never looked the other way when people were facing poverty in this country is my hon.
Friend.
Through her innovation, she has ensured that household food insecurity is measured properly, and I pay tribute to her efforts.
I have listened to what she said about Feeding Britain, and I will take that as an input into the child poverty taskforce.
I hope that she and Feeding Britain will meet me to discuss how we can take that forward.
What steps she is taking to help support parents who are looking for work.
Helping parents to have fulfilling and sustainable work helps our economy and prevents child poverty.
As we have mentioned several times, the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will rewrite employment policy and set our ambition for an 80% employment rate, but we will not get there without parents.
In recent weeks, I have met the DWP in Bournemouth and advice agencies including the citizens advice bureau for Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole.
Advice agencies welcome the record increase in carers allowance that was announced in the Budget.
They and in-work parents with disabled children have also asked about the transition from child tax credit to universal credit.
That may be a matter for the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, but can the Minister say how the Government will further support such parents to work and earn, and flexibly meet their families’ needs?