The Prime Minister has said that he wants to break down the barriers to opportunity and tackle child poverty.
He has also said that “insecurity is the enemy of opportunity.”
Given that by the time the child poverty taskforce reports next spring, a further 16,000 children will have been dragged into poverty, and given the devastating impact that poverty can have on a child’s education, their health and their vulnerability to the criminal justice system, why will the Minister not do the right thing and scrap the two-child benefit cap to lift 300,000 children out of poverty immediately?
The strategy will be very clear about how we will tackle the scourge of child poverty, and the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight the importance of doing that.
Labour voted against the two-child limit, but we will not promise change until we know how we are going to pay for it.
That will be addressed in the work of the taskforce, with the results published in the spring.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the extension of the household support fund in 2025-26 on low-income households.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the extension of the household support fund in 2025-26 on low-income households.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the extension of the household support fund in 2025-26 on low-income households.
No specific assessment has been made of the impact of the household support fund on low-income households in 2025-26, although we hear routinely from local authorities across the country about the impact of the fund in supporting those who are struggling.
An evaluation of the fourth iteration of the scheme, running from April 2023 to  March 2024, will be published shortly, exploring the benefits of the more than 19 million awards made during this period.
I agree that the payment of winter fuel allowance should be means-tested, because many pensioners who receive the winter fuel allowance simply do not need it.
However, there are pensioners who are not entitled to pension credit who will struggle to heat their homes.
Can the Minister please confirm the extent to which the household support fund will assist those pensioners in my Wolverhampton West constituency?
The household support fund is intended to support a wide range of households in need, including pensioner households.
There has been no ringfencing of funding for specific groups since October 2022, meaning that local authorities have the flexibility to support pensioners who are just above the pension credit threshold.
In the 2023-24 financial year, 26% of household support funding went towards meeting energy costs.