May I say how nice it is to be sitting opposite the right hon.
Lady again, albeit, regrettably, having swapped places with her?
I enjoyed our exchanges on social care during the last Parliament, and appreciated our constructive conversations during the pandemic, although, given how well she knows the care brief, I suspect that she was gutted, as I was, to see the incoming Government abandon the care cap and scrap more than £50 million of funding for social care training.
The consistent feedback from jobcentres was that the biggest barrier to young  people taking up job opportunities in social care was lack of career progression, hence our reforms to create a career path for care workers and investment in training.
Has the right hon.
Lady spoken to her counterpart in the Department of Health and Social Care about the impact of those social care cuts on her ambitions to get more young people working or learning?
I, too, welcome the hon.
Lady to her post.
As she has said, while we will always have our political differences we have also worked closely and constructively on issues that matter across the House, such as the terrible problems facing social care during the pandemic.
I will continue that work, and I hope that the hon.
Lady will as well, in her new role.
The hon.
Lady asked about the impact of what is happening in social care on people’s opportunities and chances to learn.
I have already had many discussions with, among others, members of integrated care boards, and they are passionate about the opportunities that exist to get more people into work and enable them to get on in their work, including jobs in social care.
Joined-up working between the Department of Health and Social Care and the Department for Work and Pensions will be at the heart of our plans to get Britain working, because, unlike some Opposition Members, we do not find it acceptable for 2.8 million people to be locked out of the workforce owing to long-term sickness.
We have a proper plan to get Britain working and growing again.
The right hon.
Lady will know that under the Conservative Government youth unemployment fell by 380,000, and that we were tackling inactivity with our WorkWell programme, helping people to stay in work or return to work, which I am delighted to see the right hon.
Lady continuing.
Unfortunately, however, as a result of her Government’s Budget and Employment Rights Bill, businesses will slash the number of their employees.
Moreover, the Government have just broken another promise and hiked up university fees.
What advice would the right hon.
Lady give a young person who is currently out of work and education, and must choose between worse job prospects and more expensive university degrees thanks to her Government’s choices?
The hon.
Lady’s party left nearly a million young people not in education, employment or training, and almost a record number of people—2.8 million— out of work owing to long-term sickness.
They failed to introduce reforms to join up work, health and skills properly, and they have not learnt from those mistakes.
I am proud that this Government are investing an extra £240 million to get Britain working again, giving people the opportunities that they need to work and build a better life.
What steps she is taking to increase uptake of pension credit in winter 2024-25.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase uptake of pension credit.
What steps she is taking to increase uptake of pension credit in winter 2024-25.
We have launched the next phase of our pension credit campaign on radio, TV and print media, and the Government have written to 120,000 pensioners on housing benefit who may be eligible but are not currently claiming pension credit.
After less than five months in government, we are bringing forward the merger of housing benefit and pension credit, which the Conservatives announced 13 years ago but failed to deliver.
Under the previous Conservative Government, many eligible pensioners in Sunderland Central did not receive the pension credit that they were due.
When I speak to organisations such as Age UK Sunderland, they tell me that that was often because people did not know how and whether to claim.
How many pensioners are now taking up pension credit thanks to the actions taken by this Government?
We have seen a 152% increase in pension credit claims since late July, with over 74,000 pension credit claims up to mid-September.
We know that many local authorities and, indeed, Members of this House—including me last Thursday—are helping pensioners on low incomes to ascertain whether they are due pension credit.
There will be people who are eligible for pension credit living in very remote areas, where connectivity is less than great.
It is an appalling thought that they might miss out on what they are due.
May I suggest to the Department that the way to reach out to those people might be through a database, followed by a mailshot?
In addition to merging housing benefit and pension credit, which will help some of the people whom the hon.
Gentleman has in mind, the Secretary of State and I have asked the Department to look at what can be done to make the application form simpler.
The Department will report back to us by the end of the month, and we will update the House in due course.