We are deeply concerned about the impact of the US elections on Ukraine and Europe.
President Trump is an unreliable partner and, within days of his election, US support to Ukraine is regrettably under question.
Clearly the UK needs to urgently set out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We need to lead in Europe.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the previous Government’s legacy on our Army, which is the smallest since the Napoleonic era, is deeply regrettable?
Will he commit to securing a UK-EU defence and security agreement, as was on the table while Theresa May was Prime Minister?
Will the Government convene a summit on saving Ukraine, to begin the process of seizure of frozen Russian assets, so that the UK and our European allies can support Ukraine regardless of the path the US takes?
We do not need a summit to release the interest on the frozen assets—the corrupt Russian money—as we are doing that already.
The Chancellor and I are working closely on that, and we have announced that, from early next year, £2.3 billion will be available for Ukraine for that purpose.
I give the hon.
Lady the assurance that we will pursue a UK-EU security pact, alongside the deep bilateral agreements we have already started to strike, including the one last month with Germany, which was the most comprehensive defence agreement this country has signed in many years.
Finally, the hon.
Lady is right—I have argued this before—that at a time of increasing global threats, European nations in NATO must do more of the heavy lifting.
We must be prepared to spend more on defence, but we must also be prepared to work together to increase the level of deterrence we can offer to those who would do us harm.
Was President Trump not right in his first term, when he pushed NATO countries to increase defence spending?
The numbers have gone from six countries meeting the 2% target back in 2021, up to 23 countries meeting the target now.
Is this not serious, because if President Trump makes decisions on Ukraine in his second term, we might be faced with a choice either to accept those decisions or to step up and ensure Europe’s defence ourselves?