If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of changes to the eligibility criteria for the winter fuel payment on trends in the level of pensioner poverty.
The Government remain absolutely committed to supporting pensioners.
We are urging pensioners to check their eligibility for pension credit to ensure that as many people as possible have access to the support to which they are entitled.
Ninety-seven-year-old Joyce from my constituency was worried about losing her winter fuel payment, so she contacted my office.
It sounds like the Minister has had a similar experience.
Fortunately, my team was able to assist Joyce.
We ran a full benefits check, and helped her to secure pension credit, and therefore her winter fuel payment entitlement.
However, does the Minister think that it is right that the oldest and most vulnerable should have to resort to getting their MP to help them claim pension credit?
I am glad to hear that the hon.
Lady was able to help her constituent.
We are looking at the form, as I mentioned in a previous answer, and we will update the House soon on those developments.
What progress her Department has made on meeting pension credit application targets.
The Department does not have a pension credit application target.
Published application numbers show that we received around 74,400 pension credit claims in the eight weeks from the end of July to mid-September.
In the weeks following the Chancellor’s announcements on the winter fuel allowance, the number of pension credit applications doubled, then nearly tripled.
Now the DWP is delaying releasing any more data on this subject.
I am concerned that the Government know that they will not be able to process the applications on time, and that the information is not being put into the public domain.
Will the Minister tell me exactly how many pension credit applications have been submitted since  16 September , and whether the backlog will be cleared before older people start having to make a choice between heating and eating?
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that we are not delaying the publication of statistics.
A new set of statistics will be published soon.
As I said in previous answers, we have redeployed 500 additional staff to helping to process pension credit applications.
We urge all those who have loved ones who are pensioners, or who are pensioners themselves, to apply if they think that they are eligible.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Budget took the first steps in this Government’s plan to drive up opportunity and drive down poverty in every corner of the country: it included an additional £240 million for our plan to get Britain working, a new fair repayment rate in universal credit to help over 1 million of the poorest households, and the biggest ever package to reduce fraud and error in the system, ensuring that every pound of taxpayers’ money is wisely spent.
There is much, much more to do, but in the Department for Work and Pensions, change has begun.
My constituent Kevin had to stop work in 2018 due to a medical condition.
He is desperate to find a job, but has consistently found that he is not eligible for support from his local jobcentre.
Kevin asked me, “How does someone who has fallen out of work get back into work?”
Will the Secretary of State or a Minister meet me to discuss Kevin’s case, and see if, together, we can answer his question?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an extremely important point.
It is not right that his constituent, who wants to work, has suffered from a mental health problem but does not have the support that he needs.
In parts of the country, steps have been taken to help provide the healthcare and other support that people need, but we need to go further, faster.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment will indeed meet the hon.
Gentleman.
Let’s get cracking on this and see what we can do.
On my recent visit to Hertford and Ware food bank, hard-working volunteers raised with me the damaging impact of rules introduced under the previous Conservative Government, which prevent jobcentres from referring benefits claimants to food banks.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that those changes prevent some of the  most vulnerable people in our communities from accessing support in an emergency, and will she set out the steps that the Department will take to reverse them?
There have been changes to ensure that referrals are GDPR-compliant, but I will happily discuss this issue with my hon.
Friend.
The very best jobcentres are closely linked with local support organisations, and we must ensure that that is the case everywhere.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
The Conservatives are the party of work and aspiration, and once again, we left office with unemployment at a historic low.
We all know that Labour always leaves unemployment higher than when it came into office, but rarely has it seemed in such a hurry to achieve that.
Its first Budget will, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility, cost the country 50,000 jobs in the next few years alone.
What assessment has the right hon.
Lady made of the cost to her Department of those job losses?
May I gently say this to the hon.
Lady?
She should be apologising, because we have record numbers of people out of work due to long-term sickness; one in eight young people is not in education, employment or training; and people are locked out of the world of work because the Conservatives failed to make proper plans to get people into work and on in their work.
Until Conservative Members face up to their responsibilities, and to the cost to the taxpayer of their mistakes in not getting people with long-term sickness into work—£25 billion extra over the course of the forecast period—they will remain on the Opposition Benches.
I wonder if the Secretary of State did not hear my earlier question; I said that I was grateful that she is continuing the work that we did in government, through the WorkWell programme, to help people in ill health into work by joining up healthcare and employment.
However, the point I was just making, to which she did not respond, was that 50,000 jobs will be lost as a result of Labour’s Budget.
That is not the only thing frightening the life out of businesses at the moment— Order.
The hon.
Lady can keep pointing at me, but this is topical questions, and I have all these Back Benchers to get in, so questions really need to be shorter.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Budget is not the only thing frightening the life out of businesses at the moment.
Labour’s Employment Rights Bill is a wrecking ball for the UK labour market.
Labour’s own impact assessment predicts that businesses could cut staff— Order.
I did make the suggestion that you might come to the end of your question, but you decided to carry on reading, so I will have to stop you.
I call the Secretary of State.
I am very proud of a Budget that invests in the long-term growth that this country needs, that gives a pay rise to the 3 million lowest-paid workers,  and that invests in the NHS so that people can get back to health and back to work.
That is the change that this country desperately needs.
As a proud member of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers, I want to raise with the Minister the amazing work that it has done to produce the estimate that around three quarters of workers in typically low-paid sectors are paid weekly, fortnightly or four-weekly, rather than monthly.
That is not recognised by universal credit.
Will the Minister promise to meet USDAW and other trade unions to make sure that this matter is investigated?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
If a person is paid four-weekly, they receive 13 payments a year, so in one of the 12 monthly assessment periods each year, they are paid twice.
That means that they probably get no universal credit that month, which completely messes up budgeting.
I would be delighted to meet USDAW, and perhaps my hon.
Friend, to discuss what we can do through our review of universal credit.