The Secretary of State was asked— What recent estimate she has made of the level of child poverty in Rugby constituency.
What recent estimate she has made of the level of child poverty in Edinburgh North and Leith constituency.
This morning the nation fell silent to pay tribute to all those who have served and continue to serve in our armed forces, and those who have made the ultimate sacrifice.
Today we honour and remember them.
I quote the words inscribed on Lutyens’ beautiful Arch of Remembrance in Leicester from the hymn “O Valiant Hearts”: “All they hoped for, all they had, they gave to save mankind—themselves they scorned to save”.
Some 4.3 million children are growing up in poverty—700,000 more than in 2010.
That is why the work of our cross-Government child poverty taskforce is so urgent, and why we will use all levers available to increase family incomes, reduce family costs and give every child the best start in life.
I have had the privilege of assisting the brilliant volunteers at the Make Lunch organisation in Rugby, which provides holiday lunch clubs with play activities for entire families, including those with complex needs.
Last summer it fed 25 families, last Christmas it bought slow cookers for families and this Christmas it is offering hampers.
They treat families with dignity.
As with food banks, is it not an indictment of the record of the last Government that such charitable support is needed in the first place?
Make Lunch sounds like an absolutely brilliant charity, and I ask my hon.
Friend to pass on our great thanks for its fantastic work.
That work is urgent, because the Child Poverty Action Group estimates that a quarter of children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are growing up poor.
Our child poverty strategy will be published in the spring, but we will not wait to act.
That is why the Budget announced a new fair repayment rate to slash universal credit deductions and give 1.2 million of the poorest households £420 on average a year, lifting thousands of children out of poverty.
Previous Labour Governments have tackled not only poverty but its root causes.
Can my right hon.
Friend outline how the child poverty taskforce will identify and tackle the root causes of poverty in my constituency and across the UK, to ensure a permanent end to child poverty?
I am sure that, like me, my hon.
Friend thinks that it is unacceptable that an estimated one in six children in her constituency is growing up poor.
We have taken immediate action to help the poorest families in Scotland through our fair repayment rate, which will benefit 110,000 households in Scotland.
We are tackling the root causes of poverty with our reforms to make work pay, tackle exploitative zero-hours contracts and create more good-quality jobs in every part of the country.
Child poverty is a scourge in British society, and I am grateful that the Secretary of State is bringing forward a child poverty strategy.
Has she decided how to measure child poverty?
May I warn her against using the much discredited relative measure, which, as we know, shows poverty decreasing during times of economic decline and increasing during times of economic growth?
I implore her to use an absolute measure, which has a much better record of showing deprivation and long-term increases and improvements in living standards.
I am afraid I will disappoint the hon.
Gentleman: we will look at relative poverty after housing costs, but we will go further and look to alleviate the very deepest poverty.
It is appalling that hundreds of thousands of families are forced to rely on food banks—something that I know only too well from my time chairing Feeding Leicester.
We will look at relative poverty, deep poverty and what it will take to give every child the very best start in life, by bringing together support from public services, charities and other groups.
That is the way to bring down poverty and make the changes sustainable.
Northern Ireland has some of the highest child poverty figures in the whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
I am sure that the Secretary of State wants to help.
We have had a 70% increase in food bank usage in my constituency in the past 12 months, which is an incredible indication.
Will she kindly tell me what discussions she has had with her counterpart in the Northern Ireland Assembly on what more can be done to help?