Anne

represents all that this award entails as she has devoted her life to

helping those in need.
As a fellow Rotarian myself, I have witnessed Anne dedicate her life

to serving the people of South Carolina and beyond in many capacities

in business, Rotary International, and more.
Having degrees from Coker College, Appalachian State University, and

a doctorate from the University of South Carolina, Anne also excelled

in education, including as President of the National Business Education

Association.
Additionally, she served as president, chair, and/or board member of

numerous national and state boards, promoting and speaking across

America and internationally on critical educational issues and the need

to serve the less fortunate.
Anne has worked in 73 countries, championing humanitarian efforts,

and promoting South Carolina values.
Notably, as chair of the Polio

Eradication Advocacy Task Force for America, where we worked together

with other members of Congress to raise over four billion dollars for

the global fight against Polio.
Anne embodies leadership, compassion, and service.
She has achieved

many accomplishments and has contributed greatly to the state.
I send my warmest congratulations and best wishes.
I am appreciative

for all she has done for South Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CONNOR DANIEL

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the amazing

sporting clays achievements of Connor Daniel.
Connor has been competing worldwide representing team USA in England

and Cyprus.
While competing Connor placed in the top 20 both times overall and

won the World English Sporting Junior Championship and the World FITASC

championship.
Connor was also a member of the USA team which took home the World

English Sporting Junior and World FITASC Junior team championships.
His performances in these tournaments earned him the FITASC Junior

World Cup as well.
Connor has also recently committed to Georgia Southern to compete on

their clay shooting team.
Today, we celebrate Connor and his amazing achievements in the world

of clay shooting.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING LARRY STOKES

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

late Larry Stokes, who passed away on July 10, 2025.
Dr. Stokes was a well-respected and beloved professor at Savannah

State University.
He dedicated his life to education and influenced

countless students during his tenure at the University.
Because of his unwavering commitment, Dr. Stokes will be fondly

remembered for his contributions to academia.
He is also known for

fostering a love of learning within his classroom and amongst students.
His life was marked by his marriage to The Honorable Judge Tammy

Tokes, whom he met and married in 2002.
Their relationship is often

described as a testament to love, mutual respect, and shared values.
Together, they created a loving home for their two children, Kendall

and McKenzie.
Dr. Stokes also took immense pride in being a grandfather and greatly

cherished the memories with his loved ones.
Today, I ask that we all take a moment to remember Dr. Stokes' legacy

of knowledge, kindness, and compassion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JUDGE EDMUNDO B. GARCIA, JR.
HON.
HENRY CUELLAR

Mr. CUELLAR.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and service

of Judge Edmundo B. Garcia, Jr., a devoted husband, father, public

servant, and community leader from San Diego, Texas.
Born in 1936, Judge Garcia dedicated his life to education and public

service.
For 32 years, he served the San Diego Independent School

District as a teacher and administrator, shaping the lives of countless

students.
He later went on to serve as Duval County Judge from 1995 until his

retirement in 2006, and again as Interim Judge in 2022, earning the

respect and trust of his community.