Title: CELEBRATING THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, ILLINOIS' BICENTENNIAL; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
143

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CITY OF WASHINGTON, ILLINOIS' BICENTENNIAL

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

200th anniversary of the City of Washington, Illinois, a proud and

resilient community I am honored to represent.
Founded in 1825 by blacksmith William Holland, Washington began as

Hollands Grove and was renamed in 1837 to honor President George

Washington.
The city quickly grew, electing its first town president in

1839, officially incorporating in 1857, and reorganizing as a city in

1878 with Peter Fifer as its first mayor.
Washington holds a strong connection to Abraham Lincoln, who visited

often while traveling the Tenth Judicial Circuit.
In 1857, he defended

two residents accused of helping escaped slaves along the Underground

Railroad, marking a powerful moment in the city's history.
Washington later gained national recognition through George Heyl's

pony farm, home to champion Shetland ponies including King Larigo and

Creations King.
The original barns still stand on North Main Street as

a tribute to that chapter.
The city's strength was tested in 2013, when a powerful EF-4 tornado

destroyed more than one thousand structures and took the lives of three

residents.
In the aftermath, the people of Washington came together

with courage and compassion, rebuilding stronger than ever.
Today, Washington is home to more than 16,000 residents.
The city has

become a destination for visitors who annually flock to its Good

Neighbor Days festival in the spring and to the quaint locally owned

businesses occupying century-old buildings lining its historic downtown

square.
I congratulate the City of Washington on its bicentennial and commend

its citizens for carrying forward a legacy of perseverance, service,

and pride.
I look forward to its continued success in the years ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING MR.
JEFF AND MRS.
DIANA MERRITT OF OPERATION WE CARE

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS of Maryland.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two

selfless, hardworking constituents from Salisbury, Maryland, Mr. Jeff

and Mrs. Diana Merritt.
They began Operation We Care in 2007, an

organization providing more than 2,000 care packages annually to

deployed military personnel.
They also work to

support police and first responders in several counties throughout the

First Congressional District.
The work of organizations such as Operation We Care is incredibly

meaningful and important to our military and first responders.
I would

like to thank Mr. and Mrs. Merritt for supporting those in our

community that work to keep us safe at home and abroad.
I wish Mr. and Mrs. Merritt the best of luck in continuing their

efforts to make Maryland's First Congressional District better in every

way.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING ANNE MATTHEWS

HON.
JOE WILSON

Mr. WILSON of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Anne

Matthews, the first female Vice President of Rotary International, on

being awarded South Carolina's highest civilian award, The Order of the

Palmetto.
Authorized by Governor Henry McMaster, The Order of the Palmetto is

awarded to the State's most accomplished and esteemed individuals who

make a significant contribution to a particular community.
Anne

represents all that this award entails as she has devoted her life to

helping those in need.
As a fellow Rotarian myself, I have witnessed Anne dedicate her life

to serving the people of South Carolina and beyond in many capacities

in business, Rotary International, and more.
Having degrees from Coker College, Appalachian State University, and

a doctorate from the University of South Carolina, Anne also excelled

in education, including as President of the National Business Education

Association.