Wynnton Hill has become a testament to the mercy and grace

of Jesus Christ, having faced various trials yet overcoming them

through faith.
Throughout its 164 years, Wynnton Hill has maintained a legacy of

resilience, even amidst challenges and disagreements.
The church has

birthed three other assemblies--Greater Peace, New Mt. Zion, and

Blessed Assurance Baptist Churches--emphasizing the unifying power of

the gospel.
Wynnton Hill has been shepherded by numerous dedicated pastors, with

Reverend Owens as the longest serving, followed by several other

esteemed leaders to include Samuel Daniels, R.T. Lewis, H.H. Hunter,

Dr. James H. Carter, Dr. Van J. Malone, F.L. Williams, Dr. R.C. Gates,

Robert L. Evans, Dr. Bruce Alford, and Dr. Kenneth Cyrus, who all

contributed to the church's growth and community involvement.
Several

Pastors led the church during periods of transition as Interim Pastors

to include Reverend Joe Sales, Reverend Tommy Holston, and Dr. Charles

McAfee.
Over the years, many sons and daughters of the House of Wynnton have

been licensed to preach the gospel and have gone on to have significant

impacts in communities across the Chattahoochee Valley Area and beyond

to include Oliver Holston, Tommy Holston, Robert Holston, Robert Evans,

Evoucous Thomas, Charles Milton, Isaac Whitfield, Paul Milton, Lewis

McCants, James Love, David Holston, Michael David, Carlton Dawson,

Artie Johnson, Charlene Dawson, Doris Wade, Eulas Wade and Roy Evans.
Significant milestones include the construction of the first brick

building in 1930 that would later house the first public school for

African Americans in the basement.
The first Education wing was built

in 1951.
During this time, the Church became a leader in the community

in advocating for civil rights and social justice.
In 1989, the

educational wing was firebombed and destroyed.
But the Lord blessed the

church to be able to rebuild and dedicate a new wing in 1990.
In the

same year, the Lord Blessed the Church with a new sanctuary.
The old

sanctuary was dedicated as a fellowship hall and named after Pastor

J.H. Carter.
In more recent years, under the leadership of Pastor Michael W.

Sherman, who has served as Pastor since 2015, the church has embraced

technology for worship and has actively engaged in community outreach,

including Thanksgiving dinners, Christmas toy drives, and educational

initiatives.
Pastor Sherman with support of his congregation and

supportive First Lady, Alma Taylor Sherman, understands that the

ministry of Jesus Christ must be expanded beyond the church walls.
Wynnton Hill Baptist Church remains committed to its mission; to

evangelize, educate, and edify in the light of Jesus Christ.
As the

church continues to shine as a beacon of hope, it looks forward to

fulfilling the Great Commission and changing lives both now and in

future generations.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, along with my wife,

Vivian and the more 765,000 people of the 2nd Congressional District in

honoring Wynnton Hill Baptist Church on its 164th Church Anniversary.
May the blessings of the Lord be upon Wynnton Hill Baptist Church as

it continues this sacred journey to bring souls to our Lord and Savior

Jesus Christ.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA POLICE HOME RULE ACT

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia

Police Home Rule Act, which would repeal section 740 of the District of

Columbia Home Rule Act (HRA).
Section 740 allows the president, in the

case of an emergency, to direct the D.C. mayor to provide the president

the services of D.C.'s police department, the Metropolitan Police

Department (MPD), for federal purposes.
Senator Chris Van Hollen is the

sponsor of this bill in the Senate.
Under the HRA, ``whenever the President . . .