Section 740 allows the president, in the

case of an emergency, to direct the D.C. mayor to provide the president

the services of D.C.'s police department, the Metropolitan Police

Department (MPD), for federal purposes.
Senator Chris Van Hollen is the

sponsor of this bill in the Senate.
Under the HRA, ``whenever the President . . .
determines that special

conditions of an emergency nature exist which require the use of the

MPD for Federal purposes, he may direct the Mayor to provide him, and

the Mayor shall provide, such services of the MPD as the President may

deem necessary and appropriate'' for 30 days, unless Congress

terminates or extends the emergency declaration.
On August 11, 2025, President Trump declared a crime emergency in

D.C. pursuant to section 740, even though violent crime reached a more

than 30-year low in D.C. in 2024 and is down 27 percent this year

compared to the same period last year.
President Trump is the first

president to invoke section 740, but his invocation is unlawful.
While

one crime is too many, there is no emergency or federal purpose that

allowed President Trump to invoke section 740.
Section 740 is inconsistent with the main purpose of the HRA, which

is to ``grant to the inhabitants of the District of Columbia powers of

local self-government.''
Giving the president the power to direct the

services of MPD is a violation of D.C. home rule.
MPD's first

responsibility is to protect D.C. residents and visitors, and it must

always remain under the authority of the D.C. mayor, who knows D.C.

better than the president, to accomplish its mission.
Section 740 is also unnecessary.
In the case of a true federal

emergency in D.C., the president can deploy federal law enforcement

officers and the Armed Forces, and can request the support of MPD, as

the Capitol Police did during the attack on the U.S. Capitol on January

6, 2021, and as the Federal government does on a regular basis.
At my request, the House's fiscal year 2022 and 2023 D.C.

appropriations bills blocked the president from carrying out section

740.
I urge my colleagues to support this bill.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SUPPORTING THE PARTNER ACT

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the PARTNER Act,

introduced by Congressman Castro of Texas, and cosponsored by myself

and seven of our colleagues who

are particularly invested in advancing our country's relationships with

crucial international organizations.
This bill extends diplomatic privileges and immunities to five

multilateral organizations.
I am grateful that Congressman Castro

included a section from my Pacific Partnership Act, which extends

diplomatic privileges and immunities to the Pacific Islands Forum

(PIF), the region's premier multilateral organization with eighteen

members across Oceania, in the hopes that the PIF will establish a

mission to the U.S.

Scattered across the three traditional Pacific subregions of

Melanesia, Micronesia and Polynesia are over two dozen jurisdictions

collectively known as the Pacific Islands, including twelve independent

states, countries in free association and territories.
Though small in

land area and population, the land plus maritime exclusive economic

zones of all these jurisdictions combined exceed the land areas of

China and Russia combined, comprising a significant part of the vast

Pacific Ocean and our Earth's surface.
The Pacific Islands region remains critical to our national security

interests in the Indo-Pacific and advises greater U.S. engagement to

advance our shared interests and values, particularly in the context of

growing geopolitical competition and threats by our shared adversaries

to endanger the pursuit of a free and open Indo-Pacific.
I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation to

sustain and expand U.S. engagement in this critical region.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

WELCOMING ECUMENICAL PATRIARCH BARTHOLOMEW

HON.
CHARLES J. ``CHUCK'' FLEISCHMANN

Mr. FLEISCHMANN.