When it comes to Chinese motivations, ultimately, it is a matter for the Chinese to be able justify their motivations, but the points that the right hon.
Gentleman made were apposite.
First, the Chinese look at successful democratic countries, such as the United Kingdom, Japan or the Republic of Korea where I was last week, and they want to seek to undermine them.
It is no surprise therefore that they should seek to interfere in electoral processes, in the way that we have seen conduct from Russia that aligns with that.
Indeed, the successful  democratic elections around the world right now stand in contrast to the sham elections that we saw in Russia last weekend.
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s point about the public record of the Electoral Commission, I think that that is the essence of what has happened here.
These attacks and these attempts were ultimately pretty unsuccessful.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman and Members of this House that there was no infiltration of the closed register of the Electoral Commission, so the concerns that he raised have not arisen.
On the further strengthening of the electoral register, that is precisely the work that the National Cyber Security Centre does in co-ordination with GCHQ, working with Government agencies, including the Electoral Commission.
The right hon.
Gentleman was right to raise the risk of hack and leak.
It is certainly something that we saw in previous elections, and I remain concerned.
I also remain very concerned about artificial intelligence, deep fakes in particular, being used to disrupt elections, hence the work that I undertook at the conference last week and the progress that we are making with the accord on artificial intelligence use by malign states.
In relation to targeted sanctions, it is not the case that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office paused targeted sanctions.
On the conduct of the former Foreign Secretary—[Interruption.] I am not sacking the Foreign Secretary from the Dispatch Box.
On the conduct of the current Foreign Secretary, who sits in the other place, all appointments to Government are subject to the usual propriety and ethic processes.
Lord Cameron is addressing the 1922 Committee in his capacity as Foreign Secretary in the usual way, addressing a wide range of issues.
It is not a specific briefing on this issue, but if leaders of the principal Opposition parties wish to have a further briefing on this issue I am of course very happy to facilitate that, in the way that they know I have done in relation to other national security issues.
We are highly alert to the risks of hostile states hoovering up currently quantum-encrypted information that could subsequently be decoded with advances in quantum computing.
We do extensive work with the National Cyber Security Centre and the Ministerial Cyber Board on critical national infrastructure to ensure that we guard ourselves against exactly that risk.
On our relationship with China more broadly, Members of this House should take this moment very seriously.
It is a grave moment, against a backdrop of an escalating threat from China, and we will take proportionate action in response to that escalating threat.
Tomorrow, it will be three years since parliamentarians here were sanctioned; your defence of us, Mr Speaker, has been remarkable.
Although I welcome the two sanctions from the Government, it is a little bit like an elephant giving birth to a mouse.
The reality is that in those three years the Chinese have trashed the Sino-British agreement and been committing murder, slave labour and genocide in Xinjiang.
We have had broken churches, and, in Hong Kong, false court cases against Jimmy Lai.
My question is: why two?
America has sanctioned more than 40 people in Hong Kong; we have sanctioned none, and only three lowly officials in Xinjiang.
Surely the integrated review should be changed.
China is not an epoch-defining challenge, strange as  that may be, but it is surely a threat.
Can the Government now correct that, so that we all know where we are with China?
My right hon.
Friend’s views are well known to me, I genuinely welcome the constructive, at most times, debate that I have with him, but nobody should be in any doubt about the gravity of this matter.
These are not the actions of a friendly state, and they require our serious attention.
As he has described, this is an escalating situation.
The measures that we have announced today are the first step, but the Government will respond proportionately at all times to the facts in front of us.
No one should be in any doubt about the Government’s determination to face down and deal with threats to our national security, from wherever they come.