Defence procurement can strengthen UK sovereignty, security and economic growth.
We on the Opposition Benches believe that defence investment should be directed first to UK businesses, so that we make, buy and sell more in Britain.
With that in mind, what steps is the Minister taking in his rapid review to ensure that social value considerations properly take into account the huge advantages to the UK economy of awarding more contracts to British businesses, so that we create more defence jobs here in the UK?
That does not seem to happen at present.
I think there is considerable consensus, because I agree with the right hon.
Lady about the importance of sovereign defence capability, and not just because of the economic benefits, although those are crucial.
As we enter this era, which has been described as pre-war, it is vital that we have a UK sovereign industrial base.
As the Ukrainians have learned, there are certain skills and capabilities that we will need in country, should we get to a hotter military situation, and that is why that is such a priority for us.
What steps he is taking to end the hollowing out of the armed forces.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to much that I said in response to the readiness question earlier, but the key point on this issue of enablement is that it is the unglamorous stuff that needs to be invested in first.
There is no point buying more tanks until we have more tank transporters.
The Government are seized of that, and are doing exactly that.
This is an opportunity to place on record, in addition to my gratitude to the armed forces, which I have mentioned, that tens of thousands of hard-working MOD civil servants in the MOD main building and around the wider enterprise are hard at work on this problem right now, and I am grateful to them for  their efforts.
Like other colleagues, I thank the Minister for his years of service.
Since 2010, the size of our armed forces has decreased by over 43,000 personnel; the number of Royal Navy warships has decreased by a fifth; more than 200 aircraft have been removed from service in just the last five years; and recruitment targets are being missed year on year.
Which of those legacies of 14 years of Conservative Government is the Minister most proud of?
What actions could he undertake to do better?
The thing that I am most proud of, beyond the exceptional operational output of His Majesty’s armed forces every time they are called on, is that the Government have increased the defence budget to more than £50 billion a year for the first time.
The hon.
Gentleman, whose interest in defence is very welcome indeed, should be enormously concerned about the shadow Chancellor’s repeated refusal to commit to anything more than the 2% NATO floor for defence spending.
If his concern for defence is to last, he should immediately be concerned about the fact that unless his party changes policy urgently, it will equal a £7 billion cut in defence spending on day one of a Labour Government.
The question of whether our armed forces are fit for purpose should centre on whether they can carry out the defence tasks set by the MOD, and I believe that they can.
If I may carry on in the same vein as the previous response, does the Minister agree that Labour’s failure to commit to spending more than 2% of GDP on defence presents a much bigger risk to UK security than any objective debate on this side of the House?
Absolutely.
We should urgently achieve 2.5% of GDP; the fiscal situation is improving, and the Conservative party has made that commitment.
As the Secretary of State rightly said in an interview the other day, both main parties should strongly consider a further increase in defence spending in the next Parliament.