“I have taken steps to reduce the Government’s exposure to Chinese operators, banning Hikvision and TikTok from Government buildings and devices”, but the reality is that the Hikvision ban extends only to sensitive sites, despite the fact that we have pushed him to ensure that it extends to all public buildings.
Surely the majority of things that happen in government involve some sort of confidential information.
Will he confirm whether he is extending the ban beyond sensitive sites to all Government sites, as we have been calling for for a number of years?
The attacks on the Electoral Commission and parliamentarian accounts happened nearly three years ago.
Will we be sitting here in 2027 hearing about an attack that is happening right now?
The EU is currently delivering €240 million for cyber-security to improve its collective resilience.
Will the Government deliver an equivalent fund for these islands?
Finally, without more action, can he give us real assurances that this year’s general election will take place without international interference?
As the hon.
Lady is aware, we currently ban Hikvision, and indeed any other Chinese technology relating to CCTV.
We continue to keep that under review.
I do not rule out a further progression in the policy, but that is not the case right now.
On the time taken, it is essential that, before Ministers stand at the Dispatch Box and make assertions attributing such activity to a hostile state, we are absolutely sure of the basis on which we do so.
That requires extensive work by our intelligence agencies, it requires fine judgments to be made, and it requires work to be done with our allies around the world—there will be comments from the United States shortly after my statement.
I would rather we did this in the proper way.
We have invested £2.6 billion on cyber-security during this spending review.
I can never be totally confident in relation to cyber-security—no Government Minister anywhere in the world can be; it is an environment in which the risks are escalating all the time and are turbocharged by artificial intelligence—but I can assure the hon.
Lady and other Members that we are constantly increasing our activity and vigilance in the face of it.
Like my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I am rather underwhelmed by this statement.
In the three years since seven parliamentarians were sanctioned, we have been subject to intimidation, impersonation and hacking, as have the families of exiles from China with whom we have associated.
Today, the Deputy Prime Minister has described hostile actors’ malign acts towards the integrity of our electoral system and parliamentary democracy—foreign interference—and sanctioned two individuals and one company employing 50 people with a turnover of £208,000.
Does he think that that is proportionate, and can he confirm that the Government will put the whole of the Chinese Communist Government in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme?
My hon.
Friend may be aware that we are currently in the process of collective Government agreement in relation to the enhanced tier of the foreign interference registration scheme.
Clearly, the conduct that I have described today will have a very strong bearing on the decision that we make in respect of it.
In relation to the sanctions, it is worth noting that this is the first time that the Government have imposed sanctions in respect of cyber-activity.
I believe that they are proportionate and targeted, but they also sit in the context of actions that we have been taking with our international allies.
They are a first step, and we remain totally open to taking further steps as the situation evolves.
The path we are going on with this is clear.
My first reaction is: “Is that it?”
The spin was clearly not matched by this statement.
The Deputy Prime Minister says that there is an issue around nuclear and higher education.
That is because the Government encouraged China to invest in nuclear, and cut the budgets of our universities so they are reliant on Chinese students.
The Deputy Prime Minister also ducked the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden)  about Lord Cameron.
Will Lord Cameron publish all the money and interactions that he had with Chinese entities when he was out of government?
The Deputy Prime Minister says that he is committed to the security services.
Why, then, in the Budget on  6 March , was the security budget cut by £600 million next year?
That is not a sign of a Government who are taking this issue seriously.
The Foreign Secretary has provided a full declaration of all his interests— No he hasn’t!
I will take lectures from Labour Members on action in relation to security threats with a pinch of salt.
It was this Government who introduced the National Security and Investment Act 2021; it was this Government who passed the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023; it was this Government who passed the National Security Act 2023—none of which we saw from the Labour party during its years in office.
We have seen reports of espionage on UK campuses, aggression on UK soil, massive cyber-attacks and hostile corporate takeovers.
It is abundantly clear that China is a hostile state and poses an unprecedented threat to our national security.
As Home Secretary, I oversaw the enactment of the National Security Act, which built the foreign influence registration scheme designed specifically to deal with such threats so that our authorities have the right powers to tackle them.
Is there not a compelling case for China to be listed on that register, and if not now, when?
I pay tribute to my right hon.
and learned Friend for the work that she did—she and I worked closely together on many of those things.
There is a strong case, and my right hon.
and learned Friend will be aware of the process that we go through to determine that.
It has to be agreed through a collective Government agreement.
On the point about hostile states, though, I disagree with my right hon.
and learned Friend; it is not the case that any Five Eyes nation has designated China explicitly as a hostile state.
The language I have used in relation to China reflects the complex situation of that state, but I want colleagues to be in no doubt about the direction that Government policy is taking, how gravely we take this issue, and the overall escalation of our stance on it.
I, too, am quite surprised at the difference between what was briefed and some of the information that the Deputy Prime Minister has given us today, and the sum of the action taken.
He said that the Government had taken rapid and robust action when talking about things that happened three and four years ago, and the sanctioning of two individuals and a minor company does not seem to meet the definition of robust.
How does he think that taking the tiny steps he has announced today will deter the Chinese from carrying on in the way they have been doing, as the Deputy Prime Minister has outlined and is very clear from the China report that the Intelligence and Security Committee was finally allowed to publish late?
First, in relation to briefings, I can categorically assure you, Mr Speaker, and Members of this House that there has been no briefing whatsoever from me or my Department in respect of this matter.
As ever, I would say, “Don’t believe everything that you read in the newspapers.”
As for the overall direction of Government policy, it is clearly set.
This is not just about offensive action, but the extensive defensive action we have taken to continuously increase the security of our Government systems.
I make no apology for the time we have taken to properly call out China in this respect.
I want to make sure that when I stand at the Dispatch Box, I am able to do so on a solid basis, painstakingly put together by our allies and our security agencies.
rose— Who shall we go to?
A former Attorney General, no less.
The front page of The Telegraph today reports Whitehall sources saying that China, Russia and Iran are even fuelling disinformation about the Princess of Wales to destabilise the nation.
Hostile states with leaders who fake their own elections and are hated by their own people are spreading wild conspiracy theories about the royal family, among many other things—our royal family who are hugely popular and much loved.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that British people will ignore that grotesque disinformation despite the pathetic attempts of those autocratic regimes?