As one of the parliamentarians targeted, can I thank the security officials for the work they did to repel this attack?
I am glad it was not successful.
However, I have to say that the Deputy Prime Minister has turned up at a gunfight with a wooden spoon.
The attack that he stood up and announced at the Dispatch Box happened three years ago, but he comes to the House and calls this “swift”.
He comes to the House and says he has taken robust action but, as  the hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  mentioned, the entity he has sanctioned has fewer than 50 employees and has a turnover of £200,000 a year.
He has not sanctioned a single Chinese state official.
He has not even told the House whether the Chinese ambassador has been summoned, after what he has come to the Dispatch Box to tell us today.
[Interruption.]
Forgive me, he says he has been summoned—my apologies.
Can I press the Deputy Prime Minister on the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme?
What possible good excuse could there be for not having China in that, and if we do not take more robust action and see a proper sea change in Government thinking, rather than this tinkering around the edges, will this not happen more and more and get worse and worse?
I think everything about the hon.
Gentleman’s question suggests that he did not actually listen to the statement I made.
I said that there had been a démarche, and that is exactly what is happening.
I have already set out the position in relation to the foreign influence registration system.
The Deputy Prime Minister knows that cyber-attacks on UK institutions come from a wide range of actors—states and criminals—as we saw in the recent big attack on the British Library, and it is important that our laws are up to date to protect against this.
In 2022 the Government announced that they would update the Network and Information Systems Regulations 2018 to “protect essential and digital services against increasingly sophisticated and frequent cyber attacks both now and in the future.”
In 2022 that was to be done as soon as parliamentary time allowed.
Why has it not been done, and when will it be done?
The work is pretty much complete, and as soon as parliamentary time allows we will be bringing forward those measures.
I am sorry, but I find the Deputy Prime Minister today utterly unconvincing.
The idea that “swift” means taking three years to publish something that has already been published by a Committee of this House is utterly preposterous.
It means that if there were an attempt this year, we would hear about it long after the general election and possibly after another general election after that.
The truth is that, if he actually thinks this is the sum total of all the Chinese state’s attempts to disrupt the British democratic system, he is wilfully blind and is therefore dangerous.
There are two things that the Government could do immediately to enhance confidence in this area: first, bring forward the motion to allow the Foreign Secretary to answer questions in this House from Members of the House of Commons; and secondly, publish the full unexpurgated Russia report.
I am sorry that the hon.
Member is not happy with the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , who is sitting to my right, and who I think does an excellent job of answering questions in this House.
On the time that this has taken, there is a difference between acknowledging, as the Electoral Commission did, the fact that an attack has taken place, and the process of attribution, which takes a longer period of time for the reasons I have set out repeatedly from this Dispatch Box.
I am proud to have the British Library at Boston Spa in my constituency, and I will be meeting it in a week’s time to talk about the cyber-attack.
That is just one aspect of what has happened recently, but we are talking about the protection of democracy as well, and the timeframes on which we are moving on some issues does concern me.
One of the big concerns will be deepfake news profiles—with people alleged to have said things, and videos of people allegedly doing things—at the next election.
I urge my right hon.
Friend to work now to try to establish procedures so that everybody across this House will be able to call out efficiently the fake news that may be used to try to influence the election.
As he has said, people should be careful what they believe, but what can people believe in unless there are robust systems to call out what is absolutely fake?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this issue.
We are working with tech companies on, for example, the watermarking of images to ensure that people have a sense of whether they are real.
However, this cannot just be action from the UK Government; we have to work internationally, which is why at the global summit for democracy we launched the global Government compact on countering the deceptive use of AI by foreign states in elections.
That is the United Kingdom leading across nations around the world to ensure that we can act in co-ordination  to address this issue.
Moreover, everyone in this rapidly evolving technological world needs to be mindful of the fact that information cannot be trusted in the way it used to be just a few years ago.
The Deputy Prime Minister talked in his statement about “the powerful strength of our collective voices”.