My right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
He made a similar point in the debate on readiness last week about the importance of accommodation.
I think we can all agree that there is a tendency in defence to focus on the big shiny platforms.
Accommodation is a key priority; we are very committed to improving accommodation.
We know that in the winter before this one performance was not satisfactory.
That is why we put in extra investment of £400 million and announced a winter plan.
I am pleased to say that we have made huge progress, for example in ensuring that thousands of properties have work achieved on damp and mould.
I am delighted that the MOD has confirmed  the procurement of additional Chinooks, given that RAF Odiham, in my constituency, is the home of the Chinook force.
However, it is also home to the fleet’s frontline maintenance, second line engine repair, and in-depth upgrade and modification.
Given that 85% of the Chinook fleet sustainment takes place in the UK today, can I have my hon.
Friend’s assurance that RAF Odiham will remain the home of the Chinook, and that there will be a similar, if not higher, level of maintenance of the new variants here and across Britain?
I greatly enjoyed my visit to Odiham, where my hon.
Friend and I discussed a wide variety of issues.
He is right to draw attention to our commitment to the procurement of 14 extended-range Chinooks—they have a huge range, of 1,000 miles—but there is also the industrial benefit to the UK and, of course, to my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I can confirm that not only has that procurement made us a £300 million saving, but it will contribute £150 million-worth of benefit to the UK’s prosperity.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on progress made with UK-Ukraine defence manufacturing co-operation, especially with regard to removing the hurdles?
Is there anything more that the Government should be doing?
My hon.
Friend has championed this matter consistently.
I am pleased to say that we held the first UK trade mission in December, and that there will be further such missions.
I can confirm most importantly that, following that mission, UK defence companies and the Ukrainian Government have signed the following agreements.
Babcock has been being awarded a three-year contract by the Ukraine ministry of defence to support and maintain two mine countermeasure vessels; BAE Systems and AMS Integrated Solutions have signed an agreement that will enable them to offer specialised artillery systems support directly to the Ukrainian armed forces; and Thales has signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ukrainian drone company AeroDrone, which will bring together the best of Ukrainian and Northern Irish engineering to deliver new capability to Ukraine’s forces.