When will the Government make a further public determination on Israel’s commitment to international humanitarian law, given the man-made famine unfolding in northern Gaza, which is compounded by Israeli moves to obstruct access to aid?
If the UK finds, as the UN Secretary-General, Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International did, that the Israeli Government and the Israel Defence Forces have violated international law, what steps will the UK Government take to prohibit further arms sales to Israel, pending a resolution of the situation?
Given that the Security Council has just called for a ceasefire, what steps will the Government take through the defence sector to accelerate all available aid for civilians in Gaza?
It is a pity to ask all those questions without referencing the 100-plus hostages who are still being held by Hamas, who brutally slaughtered the population deliberately rather than as a by-product of war.
The hon.
Gentleman asks a number of questions.
I can tell him that on arms exports to Israel, an issue for which I am responsible, it is, to put it in proportion—I think, from the top of my head—just £48 million for the past year.
The numbers are actually very small indeed.
He will know that his latter question is one for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the defence procurement system.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the defence procurement system.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the defence procurement system.
The Department uses a range of measures to assess the effectiveness of defence acquisition.
We have reduced the   average time taken to deliver our projects and programmes, but we must go further to drive pace, so last month I announced our new integrated procurement model.
The National Audit Office has previously highlighted MOD pilot training procurement failures, so is the RAF now meeting its pilot training quotas?
Is the Minister satisfied with progress in that key area?
The hon.
Gentleman asks a very important question.
Of course, training is fundamental to bringing in the next generation to man our capability.
I recently had the pleasure of visiting RAF Valley, where I discussed the issue with the RAF.
It was able to confirm to me that, for the first time in a long time, there were more students taking up their places rather than in holds.
That is a key metric in which we are seeing significant progress, but yes we want to go further.
Last March, the Government said that they would have their Ajax scheme ready between October 2028 and September 2029.
Given that only 25% of armoured vehicles have been produced, are the Government on target to meet that deadline?
Yes.
Notwithstanding the waste of £5 billion in procurement since 2019, will the Minister join the shadow Secretary of State for Defence, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey)  in a campaign to make in Britain, ensuring our industry and economy move together to support not just our defence, but our economy?
How will he achieve that given that Tata Steel—to which we have paid £500 million —is cutting down its blast furnace capacity?
How will we be able to proceed with the AUKUS contract and other contracts without virgin steel?
On the important question of steel, we do not expect the closure of Port Talbot to have a significant impact on defence, but obviously we will continue to monitor that situation.
I would just gently point out that in 2022-23, the last year for which we have figures available, 89% of spend by the MOD with industry was with British industry.
It will be an awful lot harder to make that level of spend if Labour is unable to commit to matching our spending commitments.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so concerned, perhaps he will join other colleagues on the Labour Benches in insisting that the shadow Secretary of State confirms whether he will match 2.3% of GDP now and our target of 2.5% as soon as the economy supports it.
May I take this opportunity to also place on record my thanks to the Minister for Armed Forces, my right hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey)  for all the work he has done?
It was a joy to work with him when I was in the Department.