As you did, Mr Speaker, I pay tribute to the Armed Forces Minister at his last Defence questions.
Since the last election, we have had five Chancellors, four Foreign Secretaries, three Prime Ministers and two Defence Secretaries, but only one Armed Forces Minister.
He has been a rare constant in the turmoil of Government, totally committed to defence.
We thank him for that and wish him well.
On the Indo-Pacific, we welcome last week’s updated defence agreement with Australia, further progress on AUKUS, and today’s 10-year plan for Barrow to support AUKUS.
This is our most important strategic alliance beyond NATO, so why has the Defence Secretary given the leadership of key parts of AUKUS to the most junior Minister in his Department?
As I explained, I have just been in Australia talking about AUKUS.
I have previously been to Japan, I think at least twice but possibly three times, on AUKUS, and to Italy—sorry, not to Italy, obviously, on AUKUS; that was on GCAP, but with an Indo-Pacific tilt.
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the Armed Forces Minister, but I am interested to hear his comments on the Indo-Pacific.
Back in 2021, when the integrated review suggested a tilt to the Indo-Pacific, he called it a serious flaw in the programme, and urged us not to defocus from elsewhere in the world.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families with the cost of living.
What steps his Department is taking to support veterans.
What recent steps Veterans UK has taken to support veterans and their families with the cost of living.
With other Government Departments, the Ministry of Defence delivers a range of services to our brilliant veterans and their families.
That includes the administration and payment of armed forces pensions and compensation, the provision of tailored advice and assistance through the veterans welfare service, defence transition services and the integrated personal commissioning for veterans.
A new report from Northumbria University found that suicide among serving personnel and veterans could be reduced if there was better understanding within existing care provision of the specific challenges that they face.
The report also found that military families felt unheard, misunderstood and not cared for during the most difficult periods of their lives, so what steps is the Minister taking, alongside our NHS, to deliver compassionate trauma-informed support for serving personnel and veterans?
I am glad that the hon.
Lady has raised that issue.
She will know that we have a defence suicide prevention strategy, which is reviewed regularly.
She will also know that, overall, suicide in the armed forces is below what we might expect in the civilian population.
There is a sub-group within that—young men—where it looks as if the rate is going up.
We are looking very closely at that to better understand the reasons for it and how we can prevent it.
My constituent joined the Army in 1987 and served in the Queen’s Lancashire Regiment until 1994.
During a wrongful operation, he severed all the nerves in his feet.
He is now 52 years old and suffers from several conditions that leave him in excruciating pain every day.
He was on disability living allowance and then moved to personal independence payments, but 18 months ago he was told that he was no longer eligible.
Is that really the way to treat our veterans?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
If she would like to write to me with the details, I will be more than happy to take up that case.
As I said in my opening remarks, we work with other Departments, and it sounds as if this is not principally the responsibility of the MOD, but I would be more than happy to hear from her about her constituent.
About a year ago, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  undertook an important and groundbreaking piece of work on behalf of female veterans and women in the armed forces.
Following that, I had the honour of helping her to set up the all-party parliamentary group on women in defence, which has given a platform to female veterans and service personnel, as well as those who work in defence and the charitable sector, to talk to Members from across the House at every level.
We are very much looking forward to the female veterans strategy.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure me that the Government remain committed not just to equal treatment for women in the armed forces, but to an equally positive experience for everyone who chooses to serve?
I can absolutely give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
I pay tribute to him and to our hon.
Friend  the Member for Wrexham (Sarah Atherton)  for all their hard work to improve the position of women in our armed forces.
Women are absolutely central to the way in which defence will be going in the years ahead, as encapsulated in our target to have our armed forces be 30% female by 2030—a challenging and ambitious target.
I should mention our improvements to unform policies, mentoring, flexible service, wrapround childcare, and of course our zero tolerance for unacceptable sexual behaviour, as examples of things we have done recently to improve the lived experience of women in our armed forces.
At the last census, just over 17,000 veterans were living in Birmingham, 35% of whom were over the age of 80.
Despite pledges to end veteran homelessness, Government figures show that it rose last year by 14%, and up to 180 veteran households across the UK are made newly homeless each month.
Can the Minister tell me what he is doing to ensure that veterans in Birmingham and across the UK, who made enormous sacrifices for our safety and security, do not end up homeless?
It is plainly not right that anybody should be without a home, be they a veteran or not.
We are doing everything in our power to ensure that people are set up well for civilian life as they transition out of the armed forces.
The overwhelming majority of people who leave our armed forces are in precisely that position.
By using measures such as the defence transition service for those who might have particular problems when they return to civilian life—as all members of the armed forces ultimately do—we are ensuring that we minimise the number of people who have served in our armed forces and are left without a home.
Is the Minister aware of the excellent work of the Battle Back Centre in Lilleshall in my constituency, a successful collaboration between the Royal British Legion and Sport England?
Would he, or perhaps the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, consider visiting the centre soon, given that it has treated more than 6,000 serving and ex-service personnel for all sorts of injuries?
The staff there are fabulous and superb, and they deserve a visit.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for the invitation, which I will most gladly take up.
I pay tribute to Battle Back, which does a wonderful job, and to him for his work supporting it.
Veteran Roy Sagar, a familiar face to us all in Morley, recently passed away in his mid-90s.
He did so much for veterans and the Royal British Legion locally, and was our parade marshal.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to Roy and all our unsung hero veterans for all they do, and in sending thoughts and prayers to Roy’s family?
Yes, I very much do so.
Our veterans are a wonderful part of our communities and deserve all the support we can give them.
I also pay tribute to the Royal British Legion, which is always there for our veterans when they need it—I speak as president of my local branch.
The legion is a powerful institution—I know you have had a lot to do with it, Mr Speaker—and an important part of what and who we are, and I pay tribute to it, as well as to my hon.
Friend’s late constituent.