The Secretary of State was asked— What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of publishing all documents relating to the bombing of RFA Sir Galahad.
I recognise the substantial public and parliamentary interest in this matter.
Consequently, I recently visited the National Archives at Kew to view the RFA
Sir Galahad files.
As a result, we are looking to release a further two files, subject to the Ministry of Defence’s legal advisers confirming that individuals’ rights under the Data Protection Act 2018 would not be contravened.
In relation to the five files of witness statements, I want maximum transparency, subject to the Public Records Act 1958 and ensuring that personal data is protected.
I shall provide a further update shortly.
On Saturday I attended the first remembrance and reunion event for the survivors and families of those who were lost in the attack on the Sir Galahad.
I know that the Minister knows this—and I thank him for his earlier response—but it is deeply important that the remaining documents from the board of inquiry are released, so that we can get to the truth of what happened on  8 June 1982 .
He has told us what he might release, but, for those who have lived with this for 42 years, can he tell us when we will have those decisions?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady for the tenacity with which she has pursued this.
I have enjoyed our meeting to discuss the matter and also the meetings with the Welsh Guards.
It is important that this is handled quickly.
We are moving at pace to ensure that we can do so—with, of course, the caveats that I have just described.
I knew people who served in the Welsh Guards at the time—I was myself in the Scots Guards—and a number who did not come back.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  on her question.
My right hon.
Friend says that he is moving at pace, but the key point is that it is now decades since this happened.
There is now no question but that some kind of cover-up took place.
When he comes to look at those documents again, can he please ensure that, on the balance of judgment, we err in favour of opening up so that, for those who have died and those whose reputations have been trashed, we can stand up and say proudly that it was not them?
The board of inquiry is quite clear about the attribution of blame, and the Welsh Guards were absolutely exonerated, and that is the Government’s position.
My position is always for transparency, and certainly that has been at the forefront of my mind when I have been looking at these documents.
I, too, was at the event that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  attended at the weekend.
I was there on behalf of my constituent Colin Silva.
Many of those who did not come back were from the brave Welsh Guards.
I have also visited Fitzroy and seen the location for myself.
I was able to assure the people of the Falkland Islands of the united support from this House for their defence and security.
May I press the Minister on the timing?
Are we talking in terms of weeks, months or years, because time is moving on and we need these answers quickly.
I will not be drawn on precise times, but it will not be years.
My constituent Oliver Richardson, now the mayor of Deal, was just 21 when he survived the sinking of the Galahad.
Forty years on, he says that there is no reason for this supposed secrecy and that many people neither were offered, nor wanted, confidentiality in relation to saying what they had seen.
Our armed forces serve us all, and we must honour that service by giving them and the families of those lost and injured on the Galahad the answers they need.
I urge the Minister to release all of the Falklands Galahad papers at pace.
The Government will do everything we can in the interests of transparency, but I am sure that my hon.
Friend appreciates that we, like everybody else, are bound by the Data Protection Act.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure stability in the Indo-Pacific.
The UK is committed to a free and open Indo-Pacific, and we are putting our regional approach on a long-term strategic footing.
I returned this weekend from Australia, where we have been talking to our colleagues there, working hard on the Indo-Pacific programme.
Stability in the Indo-Pacific has been largely aided by the military base presence on Diego Garcia.
What assessment has the Defence Secretary made of the military base and the island of Diego Garcia remaining under full British sovereignty, so that we can help to counter the many threats of the modern world, whether that be China, Iran or others?
As I think my hon.
Friend knows, I share the goal of ensuring that the base on Diego Garcia remains permanently available for our use, and for the United States.
It is strategically positioned, it is absolutely vital and there is read-across to our military facilities elsewhere.
It remains safe in our hands.
When assessing our ability to influence the stability of that region, or any other, has the Secretary of State conducted any kind of impact assessment of the reduction of our investment in international aid from 0.7% of GDP, or the fact that we have the smallest standing Army in the United Kingdom for 200 years?
The hon.
Gentleman will recognise that I look after the Defence budget, rather than the overseas development budget, but I think he will welcome the fact that, because of the Indo-Pacific tilt, we have ships with a permanent presence there—HMS Spey and HMS Tamar—and the littoral response group south, which operates in the Indo-Pacific.
We have already sent the carrier strike group previously; it is going to the region again next year.
That is in addition to the global combat air programme sixth-generation programme, and of course AUKUS, for which I was in Australia at the weekend.
I think we can all agree that we are doing a lot more than ever before in the Indo-Pacific.