“We want to do everything possible to ensure the security of Cyprus”.
Does the Minister agree that it would be appropriate to keep the Cypriot Government informed of all UK military operations conducted from their island?
Should not that be an official obligation, for the security of Cyprus?
The SBAs are sovereign bases, so of course we reserve the right to operate from them as needed, based on the UK national interest.
The hon.
Gentleman will be reassured to hear that the Secretary of State, his predecessors, other Ministers in the MOD and I have very good relations with the Cypriots, and we seek to tell them as much as we can about operations that we mount from SBAs there.
I would like to add to the warm words said about my right hon.
Friend.
He has been particularly supportive of the all-party parliamentary group for the armed forces, and the armed forces parliamentary scheme, both of which I chair.
Does he agree that the sovereign base areas in Cyprus have a particularly important role to play in our activities in the Red sea?
Cyprus is in an incredibly important strategic location, which means that it is of great use to our operations in the southern Red sea, as well as in the eastern Mediterranean, the western Balkans, central Asia and beyond.
It is a vital mountain base for so much that the UK armed forces do.
We are incredibly fortunate to have that facility.
What steps his Department is taking to assist in the provision of humanitarian aid to Gaza.
What steps his Department is taking to assist in the provision of humanitarian aid to Gaza.
What steps he is taking with the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs to increase the number of aid shipments to the middle east.
There is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support to Gaza.
The UK, including the Ministry of Defence, is working collectively with allies, partners and international organisations to deliver desperately needed aid to the Gazan population.
My constituents are rightly proud of the work that our armed forces are doing to facilitate the delivery of aid, to prevent a colossal humanitarian catastrophe.
What further steps can be taken to ensure that British aid finds its way to civilians in need, rather than into the hands of Hamas fighters?
That is one of the greatest challenges in the current situation.
We are working with the British Red Cross, UNICEF, the UN World Food Programme, the Egyptian Red Crescent and others to ensure that aid gets to the right places.
That is extremely challenging, and has slowed down aid delivery.
The Israeli Government have said that they want to “flood” Gaza with aid.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure the House that we will work with our partners globally to get more aid into the hands of civilians in Gaza, and will assist the Israelis to deliver on that pledge as soon as possible?
I inform my hon.
Friend that we have already delivered 74 tonnes of humanitarian aid via the RAF, and 87 tonnes through the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
In addition, we are pursuing land, air and maritime routes.
With half of Gaza already starving and the rest teetering on the edge of famine, and the UN Security Council voting for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, access to humanitarian aid is crucial.
This month, the Foreign Secretary stated that the UK would support the building of a temporary pier in Gaza to allow hundreds of extra daily truckloads of aid into the strip.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps he is taking, along with the Foreign Secretary, to ensure that the pier is constructed as quickly as possible?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that I have sent teams both to Tampa to work with US Central Command and to the region to help with planning and constructing that pier.
In addition, right at the beginning of the conflict, I ensured that we did hydrographic research, to aid in exactly this kind of situation, when the conditions were right to get a pier built.
This is not a trivial endeavour, but we are working to deliver the pier as quickly as possible; there is the potential to get 2.5 million meals a day to Gaza.
The UK Government’s ability to deliver humanitarian aid depends on the UK’s relationship with its middle eastern partners.
What impact does the Secretary of State think that recent events and UK Government foreign policy decisions have had on that crucial relationship with those middle eastern partners?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that the Foreign Secretary, the Prime Minister and I have been very proactive in speaking to and making multiple visits to the region.
I have visited the majority of countries in the middle east and Gulf region to discuss exactly the points that she has raised.
There is now a large-scale programme of using a pier to get food in, in addition to the many other efforts made.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Colchester (Will Quince)  pointed out, the issue is not just getting the aid there, but then distributing it; that is a great concern.