Procurement of the new medium-lift helicopter has been characteristically suboptimal under the present Government, but this  particular Defence Procurement Minister has managed, with his inverse Midas touch, to ensure that costs have grown from about £1 billion to £1.3 billion, delivery forecasts have slipped six delayed years to 2031, and the number of assets to be received has fallen from 44 to 35.
Given that the forecast will inevitably slip to the right, service personnel will be under-resourced and the budget will almost certainly grow, what possible confidence can anyone have in this Defence Procurement Minister?
I will take no lectures from the hon.
Gentleman, whose party has been unable even to procure a ferry.
[Hon.
Members: “It says here!”
] I know the subject, and I can confirm to him, because I am very proud of this, that at my insistence our competition for the new medium helicopter will involve a far greater emphasis both on supporting UK industry and on supporting exports.
It is by supporting exports that we secure industrial resilience and support for prosperity across the United Kingdom.
Of course it is a competition, but we have three very good entrants.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Like others in the House, I pay tribute to the Minister for Armed Forces, my right hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey) —soldier, MP, and Minister during almost the entire Parliament.
His knowledge of this subject is matched only by his great passion for it, and we are all very grateful for his service.
Last week I was in Australia, signing an historic defence treaty to enhance our Indo-Pacific security, and meanwhile our trilateral AUKUS partnership with the United States is accelerating.
As the House will know, ASC and BAE Systems have a multibillion-pound contract for the SSN-AUKUS.
Earlier today the Prime Minister and I launched our very first nuclear defence Command Paper, which will set out the true benefit of this great enterprise, making it a wholly national effort.