The Deputy Prime Minister’s statement touches on a number of issues, and I have some questions about them.
Will he say more about the Government’s assessment of Chinese motives?
Does he believe, for example, that Beijing wants to disrupt our democratic process, or instead to gather data about our citizens for some other reason?
On the specific issue of the Electoral Commission and the electoral register, why does he think that the Chinese Government hacked what is a publicly available database?
Does he believe they were after the details of those who may not be on a public register for good reasons, for example because they might be employed in security-sensitive areas?
Does he believe they were after details and the personal data of political donors, or was there some other motive?
The Deputy Prime Minister referred to the democratic electoral process, and with an election coming it is vital that people have confidence in their ability to register and to vote.
Will he confirm that our electronic register to vote system is sufficiently well protected?
He said that the attacks on parliamentary accounts were unsuccessful.
Does he believe that China now wants to engage in the kind of hack and leak activity that we have in recent years associated with Russia, in order to compromise either individual politicians or the wider democratic process?
On sanctions, only last week the Minister of State was reluctant to respond to the claim that the Foreign Office “indefinitely paused” targeted sanctions against Chinese officials late last year.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister explain what has changed in the past week?
We are grateful for the work of the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament, and the report it issued on China last year, which covered much of the same ground that the Deputy Prime Minister covered in his statement.
When discussing individual politicians, paragraph 98 of that report stated: “Targets are not necessarily limited to serving politicians either.
They can include former political figures, if they are sufficiently high profile.
For example, it is possible that David Cameron’s role as Vice President of a £1bn China–UK investment fund…was in some part engineered by the Chinese state to lend credibility to Chinese investment,”.
What have the Government done to look into that allegation from the Intelligence and Security Committee?
How can Ministers ensure that those leaving politics are not targeted in that way?
In that spirit, Mr Speaker, I have read reports that the Conservative Back-Bench 1922 committee is to be briefed on these matters later today.
Given the importance of national and democratic security to all the parties in this House, is the Deputy Prime Minister intending to arrange a briefing for the Leader of the Opposition, the Intelligence and Security Committee and, indeed, the other political parties represented in the House?
Experts in this field have warned of China’s voracious appetite for data, and its potential uses as computing power improves—for example, as quantum computing develops.
The UK’s record on data security is patchy, to put it mildly.
What are the Government doing to protect complex and valuable datasets from being stolen now, possibly in order to be manipulated later by more powerful computers that are controlled by authoritarian adversaries?
Finally, Mr Speaker, on the broader issue, does the fact that the Deputy Prime Minister chose to make this statement today signal a fundamental reassessment of the overall threat?
He referred to the United States and our allies.
On  12 February , the US Administration warned Congress that the cyber-threat from China was changing.
Previously, a threat that largely involved spying and influencing now looked like it was getting ready to disrupt critical American infrastructure—aviation, energy, healthcare and other sectors.
Is it now the UK Government’s view that we should change our assessment of the threat in a similar way?
If so, this is of the utmost importance, and we would need to know what corresponding improvements the Government would make to the preparedness of our critical infrastructure, because if the threat really has changed then so too should our response.