The hon.
Gentleman has made the point for me: within a robust system, we will check for coercion, but we do not have any of that now.
At the moment, the person will be definitely be dead.
We have to look at the status quo.
Putting in layers of safeguarding and checking for coercion must be better than the system that we have now.
Colleagues are right to raise questions around coercion.
I hosted a phone-in on LBC where people rang in and said, “I feel like I have to end my life because I recognise how difficult it is for my family to see me suffering.”
The limit in the Bill, however, is that someone must have only six months to live according to two doctors and a judge, which I genuinely believe massively reduces the risk of coercion.
Are we really saying that people are so desperate to bump off their families that if they were told that they had six months to live, they would escalate the process and do it sooner?
The hon.
Lady makes an excellent point—she is absolutely right.
The very strict criteria in the Bill add extra layers of safeguarding, which, again, we just do not have at the moment.
I have the deepest respect for my hon.
Friend, but one thing that concerns me is societal or systemic coercion.
At the moment, elderly people in our society pay thousands of pounds a month to be in a care home.
What reassurances can my hon.
Friend give that an elderly person in a care home who has been given six months to live would not think to themselves, “I’m a burden.
I have been given six months to live.
If I end my life now, I can save my family between £25,000 and £55,000”?
That really concerns me.
As I have said, at the moment, we have no idea whether that person would take action because we are not having those conversations.
By getting two medical professionals and a High Court judge involved, we would be putting this out in the open.
Evidence from other jurisdictions shows clearly that coercion tends to happen the other way; what tends to happen is that families try to prevent the person from making the choice of an assisted death.
rose— I will take one more intervention.
Is it not the case that the conversations that patients will have with doctors will bring out whether they have been coerced or are suffering intolerably?
The criteria are about suffering, not whether somebody worries that they are a burden.
I agree absolutely.
Those conversations, which are not taking place at the moment, are very important.
I will make some progress.
There has rightly been a lot of discussion about palliative care in recent weeks, and I am convinced that a significant amount of that discussion would not have taken place without the introduction of the Bill.
It is a long overdue conversation, and I am very pleased to see it happening.
I have met with the Association for Palliative Medicine, Hospice UK, Sue Ryder and Marie Curie, and last week I was delighted to attend the inaugural meeting of the all-party parliamentary group for hospices.
I also attended the fantastic Kirkwood hospice, which serves my constituency of Spen Valley.
I pay tribute to the dedicated staff and volunteers across the country in the palliative care sector, who do some of the most vital work in society.
We must do more to support them, and I look forward to working with the Government and colleagues across the House in that important endeavour.
That is why I have included in the Bill a requirement for the Secretary of State to report to the House on the availability, quality and distribution of palliative care.
Of course, assisted dying is not a substitute for palliative care—it is not an either/or.
We have some of the best palliative care in the world in this country, and, when it can meet the needs of terminally ill people, it is second to none.
However, when it cannot, surely the choice of an assisted death should be one component of a holistic approach to end of life care.
The comprehensive report by the Health and Social Care Committee, published earlier this year, found no indications of palliative care deteriorating in quality or provision in places where assisted dying had been introduced.
Ever mindful of what the hon.
Lady has said about the criteria, I remind her that Belgium started off with a simple project like the one she refers to but it deteriorated and expanded to include sufferers of dementia and under-18s—children.
What guarantees do we have that this legislation will not end up with a situation like that in Belgium, in which case anything goes?
Is that what the hon.
Lady wants?
I do not want that.
Does she?