I am sorry but I am not going to take any interventions, as I need to make progress.
The court must speak to one of the doctors and can hear from anybody else they deem necessary.
If there is any evidence of coercion, the court will not approve the request, and if evidence emerges subsequently, the court order could be revoked.
It is also important to note that the person can change their mind at any time, with periods of reflection built in.
Having consulted at the highest levels in the judiciary and the medical profession, I know that they can and will fulfil those safeguarding responsibilities and that they have the expertise to do so.
Let us be clear: as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna)  said earlier, this is not brand new territory for doctors.
Doctors, working in partnership with other clinicians, are already required to manage complexity in end-of-life decision making.
I followed the request of the British Medical Association that doctors should be under no obligation whatsoever to participate, but if they do participate, they will receive appropriate training and support.
Doctors should be able to use their professional judgment when and if a conversation takes place, taking their cue from the patient, as they do for many other issues.
I welcome that patient-centred approach.
Many doctors feel the change in the law would safeguard clinicians and patients by making everything explicit.
When it comes to the detail of what assisted dying would look like, we have the benefit of drawing on the experience of 31 jurisdictions around the world.
I could talk extensively about the international experience of assisted dying.
The Health and Social Care Committee report did a brilliant job of that, and this Bill has looked at best practice as well as models which I and many others would not be comfortable with our having here in England and Wales.
Reflecting on their experience, clinicians in Australia say: “through deep and meaningful conversations between doctors, patients and their loved ones we can dispel fear, reduce suffering, bring death and dying out of the shadows, and so allow patients and their families a better quality of life and quality of death”.
As one Australian Member of Parliament said: “We have brought ‘behind-closed-doors’ practices into the open and given dying people meaningful, transparent choices.
Crucially none of the fears that were put forward as reasons not to change the law have been realised.
The status quo was broken and assisted dying works.”
Evidence from around the world shows that the option of having an assisted death actually lifts the fear that terminally ill people have, and that many never actually use it but are able to make the best of the time they have left due to the comfort and reassurance that it provides.
People talk about a slippery slope, but the Health and Social Care Committee found that not one jurisdiction that has passed laws on the basis of terminal illness has expanded its scope.
[Interruption.]
That is absolutely true.
As the courts here and in Europe have repeatedly made clear, Parliament is sovereign.
This Bill could not be made any broader through any judicial process.
Speaking of process, with reference to the Bill, having listened to what I know are genuine concerns of Members about ensuring that we get this legislation right, I commit to the House that if the Bill passes Second Reading today, which I sincerely hope it does, I am minded to move a motion that gives the Bill Committee the power to take oral and written evidence in order to ensure that a thorough approach continues to be taken.
That is not normal procedure for a private Member’s Bill, but I think that that is the right thing to do.
I also reassure colleagues that the Bill Committee will meet over a number of weeks, meaning that there is ample time for full consideration of the details of the Bill, including amendments.
The Committee will be representative of the views and make-up of the House.
Let me be clear: that will mean there will be representatives of different parties with a range of views on the Committee.
As the Leader of the House said at the Dispatch Box just yesterday, and has said several times, the Government will, of course, work with me to ensure that the Bill is workable and operable.
That will quite rightly take time, and I have included in the Bill a commencement period of up to two years—this is not going to happen overnight.
That timeframe can be explored in Committee, as it is more important to get this right than to do it quickly.
In conclusion, for the reasons I have set out, I am very clear that the law needs to change to give terminally ill people choice at the end of life and to protect their loved ones from fear of prosecution.
There will be some of us here today who are lucky enough not to have personal experience of this issue, but sadly we know that any one of us could end up in this heartbreaking situation.
We are all living longer, which is brilliant, and I have campaigned inside and outside Parliament for a greater focus on prevention and early intervention of illness and disease to keep us fit and healthy for as long as possible, but any one of us or our loved ones could be unfortunate or unlucky enough to receive a terminal diagnosis.
I struggle to see how it is fair or just to deny anyone the autonomy, dignity and personal choice of taking control of their final weeks.
And the right to choose does not take away the right not to choose.
Giving the choice of an assisted death to those who want it would of course not stop anyone who is terminally ill from choosing not to make that choice.
Whatever happens today, I am incredibly proud of the work that my fantastic team and the many campaigners have done on this hugely significant, emotional and sensitive subject.
We need to be clear: a vote to take this Bill forward today is not a vote to implement the law tomorrow.
It is a vote to continue the debate.
It is a vote to subject the Bill to line-by-line scrutiny in Committee, on Report and on Third Reading.
Then, of course, the Bill will go to the Lords for what I have no doubt will be further robust debate and scrutiny.
This will be a thorough process, focused on one of the most significant issues of our time—an issue that people across the country clearly want us to address, none more so than the many families who are facing the brutal and cruel reality of the status quo.
Today is the beginning, not the end, of that process, but the debate can continue only if colleagues join me in the Aye lobby today.
I wholeheartedly encourage them to do so, and I commend the Bill to the House.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance on correcting the record.
I said in my speech that I have consulted with the highest levels of the judiciary and the medical profession.
I have received correspondence from the Judicial Office and wish to clarify my earlier comments.
Although I have spoken to lawyers and judges, I should not have implied that the serving judiciary have in some way indicated their agreement with the Bill; they have not.
The serving judiciary have been very clear that they have made no public comments about the Bill one way or the other.
I apologise if I implied anything to the contrary.
The House divided: Ayes 330, Noes 275.
Question accordingly agreed to.
Bill read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No. 63 ).
Question accordingly agreed to.
Bill read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No. 63 ).
Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January 2025 .
My hon.
Friend briefly mentioned coercion, and the well-held fears of many of us in the House about the risk of coercion, particularly for vulnerable people.
What does he make of the fact that in Washington state, where the relevant law is restricted to terminally ill people like this Bill, last year 59% of those who went through with an assisted death did so because they feared being “a burden” to “family, friends or care givers”?
In Oregon, the proportion last year was 43%.
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No. 163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading Before I begin proceedings, I would like to say a few words to help manage expectations about business today.
More than 160 Members have indicated that they wish to speak in the first debate.
It is not customary to impose a speech limit on private Members’ Bills, but I hope that after the Member in charge of the Bill and the speaker after that, Members will restrict themselves to about eight minutes in the first instance; that includes taking interventions.
The Chair will review the guidance as the debate progresses.
I may need to ask for shorter speeches to enable more Members to contribute.
I should make it clear that the Chair retains the right to impose a formal speech limit, but I would rather colleagues help each other.
At about 2 pm, I will call Front Benchers to make their comments, and then we will move to end the debate.
I have got to manage expectations.
Not everyone will get in.
I will try to get in as many people as possible.
This is one of the most important debates that the House has had, so it is about being considerate and respectful of each other.
Let us listen to each other.
This is the time for the House to show itself at its best.
The reasoned amendment in the name of Dr Ben Spencer has not been selected.
I call Kim Leadbeater to move the Second Reading.
I beg to move, that the Bill be now read a Second time.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you to everyone who is attending this hugely significant debate.
It is a privilege to open the debate on the Terminally Ill Adults
(End of Life) Bill, a piece of legislation that would give dying people, under stringent criteria, choice, autonomy and dignity at the end of their lives.
I welcome the debate on this hugely important issue.
Let me say to colleagues across the House, particularly new colleagues, that I know this is not easy—it certainly has not been easy for me—but if any of us wanted an easy life, I am afraid we are in the wrong place.
It is our job to address complex issues and make difficult decisions.
I know that for many people this is a very difficult decision, but our job is also to address the issues that matter to people.
After nearly a decade since the subject was debated on the Floor of the House, many would say that the debate is long overdue.
For my part, I have tried incredibly hard to ensure that the tone of the debate has been—and continues to be—robust, of course, but most importantly respectful and compassionate.
I am pleased that, for the most part, that has been the case.
I can be confident that that same tone of respect and compassion will be adopted by colleagues today, whatever views they hold.
That is particularly important as we have people in the Public Gallery who have a strong personal interest in this issue.
They hold a range of views.
Some of them have lost loved ones in difficult and traumatic circumstances, and others are themselves terminally ill.
I want to pay a huge and heartfelt tribute to those families and to every single person who has contacted me about this issue, and in many cases shared their own very personal stories of loss and death.
I know from my own personal experience of grief that telling your story over and over again takes energy, courage and strength.
I am incredibly grateful to them all.
It is their voices and their stories that have inspired me.
Such stories are difficult to hear, but it is vital that they are heard as they are at the heart of the debate.
They show that the law is failing people.
Where that is the case, we have a duty to do what is right to fix it.
Those here today or watching at home are dealing with the real consequences of the failings of the current system.
I will start by recounting just a few of their stories.
Warwick was married to his wife Ann for nearly 40 years.
She had terminal peritoneal cancer, which meant that she could not breathe properly.
She spent four days gasping and choking, remaining awake throughout despite being given the maximum dose of sedatives.
She eventually died of suffocation.
She had begged Warwick to end her life, but as he stood over her with a pillow he could not do what she asked as he did not want that to be her final memory of him.
Ann had excellent palliative care, but it simply could not ease her suffering.
Tim fell in love at first sight when he met his wife Louise—he proposed after just three days.
But Louise got cancer, twice, and at the end, the morphine simply could not control her pain.
In desperation, she managed to smash a small glass bottle and tried to take her own life, not realising that her toddler daughter had got into bed with her.
Tim found her.
He says, “You get to a point where you stop praying for a miracle and start praying for mercy.”
Former police officer James waved is mum off as she embarked on her final trip, to Dignitas.
She had terminal vasculitis.
James desperately wanted to accompany his mum and hold her hand during her final moments, but he knew, because of his job as a police officer, that it was just not possible.
Indeed, she insisted that he must not go with her, so she went alone—no one to hold her hand, and no proper goodbye or funeral.
Those are just a few examples of the heartbreaking reality and human suffering that far too many people experience as a result of the status quo.
the public know this.
I have always been keen to ensure that my politics stays rooted in the world beyond Westminster.
It is clear that public opinion is very much in favour of a change in the law.
Polling shows consistently that around 75% of people would like to see the legalisation of assisted dying for terminally ill, mentally competent adults.
These findings are significant, but it may not be that  surprising that most people believe, as I do, that we should all have the right to make the choices and decisions we want about our own bodies.
Let us be clear: we are not talking about a choice between life or death; we are talking about giving dying people a choice of how to die.
Let us examine what that choice currently looks like.
I do not have a legal background but I have always been driven by a strong sense of injustice.
If I see a problem, I will do everything I can to try to solve it.
Indeed, in this job, we all do that every week and every day, whether here in Parliament or in our constituencies.
When four former directors of public prosecutions, including the Prime Minister, two former presidents of the Supreme Court and many lawyers all agree that the law needs to change, surely we have a duty to do something about it.
Intentionally helping another person to end their life is currently illegal under the Suicide Act 1961, and carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years.
This includes family and friends helping someone who is terminally ill to die, both in the UK and overseas.
Existing guidance does not stop people from being investigated by the police, adding fear, guilt and further trauma to grieving families.
The law is not clear, and it does not protect individuals, families or medical professionals.
That drives people to very desperate measures.
What about coercion?
Senior King’s Counsel have said: “There is currently no established system for identifying abuse or coercion in advance of a person’s death or for helping vulnerable people to make end of life decisions.”
I have been a nurse for more than a quarter of a century, and in that time I have worked mostly in intensive care as a specialist.
I have worked with compassionate and skilled, well-trained clinicians who have been taught to spot coercion—it is fundamental to our practice.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that it is wrong to suggest that clinicians cannot spot coercion in these cases?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
I thank him for it, and for his years of service as a nurse.
I have spoken to many medical professionals about this issue, and they say that this is part of their job.
They are very skilled and they work closely with patients, particularly dying patients, to assess their needs and to have those difficult and delicate conversations.
As the KCs said, at the moment we check for coercion in cases where people have taken their own lives—when someone is dead.
The Bill would make coercion a criminal offence with a sentence of up to 14 years.
Surely, by putting a legal framework around this difficult situation, we will provide an extra level of safeguarding.
One psychotherapist, who is terminally ill herself, said to me recently that coercion happens when things are hidden away.
The Bill would bring things out into the open.
Surely, that must be safer for everyone.
Let us look at what the absence of a robust legal framework looks like.