I come back to the status quo, which is the problem we are trying to address.
If people want to avoid the trauma of some of the harrowing circumstances I have described, they can have an assisted death—just not in this country.
If they have £10,000 or £15,000, they can make the trip to Switzerland or elsewhere but, because of the current legal position, it is often a deeply distressing and very lonely experience, shrouded in secrecy, with people feeling like criminals as the fear of prosecution hangs over them.
Ilana’s husband Crispin had late-stage motor neurone disease.
He was paralysed, and Ilana is a wheelchair user, but at his request she took him on a traumatic and difficult journey to Switzerland.
She describes the intense stress and anxiety she felt due to the total secrecy of their plan—and we can only imagine what the journey home was like, on her own, with an empty seat beside her.
There are also those terminally ill people who take matters into their own hands.
Gareth’s father Norman served in the Welsh Guards.
He was a strong man, but his final five years were full of pain and discomfort.
He had prostate cancer, which he lived with for 15 years.
He was given good initial hormone therapy and chemo, but the cancer spread everywhere and the pain could not be eased.
One day, when it all became too much, he went into his garden with the gun he owned and shot himself.
Gareth’s sister rushed to his house and found him.
Gareth said his father just wanted the pain to stop.
Then there is Peter, from Mirfield in my own constituency, who stopped me in a car park a couple of weeks ago to tell me the harrowing story of his beloved wife, who was diagnosed with metastatic cancer aged 52.
The treatment was ineffective and her symptoms were unbearable.
She took an overdose of her medication, and Peter found her and took her to hospital.
She recovered and he brought her home, but the following day she made another attempt to take her own life, in a way that is too awful to describe.
Peter found her dead, and he spent the next eight hours being questioned by the police.
It is estimated that more than 600 terminally ill people take their own lives every year.
Often patients will store up medication.
Josh, a 33-year-old from Huddersfield went to coach his local kids’ rugby team one Saturday and came back to tell his mum all about it.
He found her dead.
Lisa, who was terminally ill, had stored up her medication and taken her own life.
Our former colleague Paul Blomfield, the previous MP for Sheffield Central, has campaigned tirelessly on this issue since his dad Harry took his own life in 2014, alone in his garage, after being diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer.
Language matters: Harry was not suicidal; he loved life, but he had watched too many of his friends have lingering, degrading deaths and he did not want that for himself.
But, like the others, he could not tell Paul and his family of his plan, as they would have been complicit and could have faced prosecution.
How many precious days and weeks did Harry miss out on as a result of having to take action while he was still physically able to do so?
Hearing these stories is not easy, but it is important.
What I have been struck by in recent weeks as I have listened to Members from across the House is the clear agreement that the current situation is neither sustainable nor dignified.
Almost everyone in this House agrees that the status quo is unacceptable in terms of dignity, palliative care and end of life.
Given that, does my hon.
Friend agree that today’s debate is about how we depart from the unacceptable situation that we currently face?
Is today’s vote not the first stage of an important discussion about we improve the end of life for hundreds and hundreds of people across this country?
I wholeheartedly agree.
I am setting out what we are dealing with now.
This cannot be right, and surely we have a duty to do something about it.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I am going to make some progress, if that is okay.
Some of the most important voices in this debate are, of course, those of people currently living with a terminal illness.
Having a terminal diagnosis is perhaps one of those situations where it is very hard, if not impossible, to know how we would feel.
I have met many terminally ill people over recent weeks and every one of them is in my thoughts today.
Sophie, who is here today, was diagnosed with stage 4 secondary breast cancer, which has spread to her lungs, liver and pelvis.
She is allergic to opioids, so she knows that her pain is very unlikely to be able to be managed.
She has a 17-year-old daughter.
All she asks is to have the choice to say goodbye to her daughter at a time of her choosing, in circumstances that she can have some control over, and for her daughter to be able to remember her as the vibrant, positive woman she is.
Nathaniel, who also joins us today, has stage 4 incurable bowel cancer, which is now in his liver and brain.
Like many of us, Nat says that he does not know whether he would choose an assisted death or not, but he simply cannot understand why anyone would want to deny him the choice.
He says: “I wish to live as fully as I can and for as long as possible.
But when the time comes”, Nat also wants “the right to die with dignity and compassion”.
Another very emotional lady came up to me at a recent interfaith event.
She and her husband thanked me for putting the Bill forward.
She said, “Kim, I am a proud Christian and I am guided by my faith.
But I also have terminal cancer and I want the right to choose a compassionate death.”
There has been much discussion about the views of people who hold religious beliefs.
I fully respect those beliefs and do not intend to say much more about this, other than that I know there are a range of views within faith communities.
Indeed, some of the most powerful conversations that I have had have been with people of faith, including in my own constituency.
People of different religions have said that although they would not choose an assisted death for themselves or their family, who are they to stop someone else who may want to make that choice?
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress, if I may.
I hope that I have set out the problem that clearly exists.
Now allow me to set out how the Bill can address that problem and, most importantly, do so safely and effectively.
If the Bill were to become law, it would contain the most robust and strongest set of safeguards and protections in the world.
Very strict eligibility criteria and multiple layers of checks and safeguards are embedded in the Bill, none of which, as we have seen, exist at the moment.
I made a conscious decision to name it
the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill, rather than anything else.
That title can never be changed and ensures that only adults who were dying would ever come within its scope.
As such, the Bill is not about people choosing between life and death; it is about giving dying people with six months or less to live autonomy about how they die and the choice to shorten their deaths.
The Bill does not apply to people with mental health conditions.
It does not apply to the elderly.
It does not apply to people with chronic health conditions, and it does not apply to disabled people, unless, of course, they have a terminal illness, in which case they would and should be entitled to the same rights as anyone else.
One group of people who are not often talked about are the learning disabled.
Clause 9(3)(b) says that if an assessing doctor has any doubt as to the capacity of the person, they may refer  them for a further psychiatric assessment.
If the Bill is voted through today, will the hon.
Member engage in a debate about whether that language should be strengthened from “may” to “must” and whether the training and experience required of the assessor should be strengthened as well?
The hon.
Lady makes an excellent point and highlights a community who we must consider in light of the Bill.
I would absolutely be open to that conversation in Committee; it is a very valid point.
There are different views within the disabled community.
As Professor of Disability Research, Sir Tom Shakespeare says that it is unacceptable that people with disabilities continue to face social stigma and inequalities, but that it would be a mistake to conclude that we should oppose legalising assisted dying for terminally ill people until those wider problems are fixed.
He says that it is paternalistic and wrong to imply that inequalities will be resolved by reducing choices, and that a clear, transparent legal framework for end-of-life choice is better for everyone.
He is right.
There is, of course, still work to do in the fight for equality for people with disabilities, but once again it is not an either/or.
I will campaign alongside many others in this place for those rights, but I will also campaign for the rights of terminally ill people, because their rights are as important as anybody else’s rights.
I have huge respect for the hon.
Lady for the way that she has conducted this debate over the last few weeks.
My concern is that she has focused today on the individual and the individual choice, but we are here to legislate for society as a whole.
In legislating, what we are saying if we pass the Bill is that it is okay to take that choice—[Interruption]—and there will be some people who have six months of their life to go who will then feel, “Ought I to do this?
Is this something that I now should do?”
That brings into play a whole set of considerations—“Is it better for my family?
Is it financially better for my family?”—in ways that, at the moment, are out of scope.
Rather than simply focusing on the individual suffering, which we all recognise is acute, we must broaden the debate to the impact that the legislation will have on society as a whole.