Imagine this: You go to the grocery store and there's no fruit.
Or maybe you're building a house and there's a steel and lumber shortage.
Why?
Because North Carolina's largest port, the Port of Wilmington, has been cut off due to a collapse of the Cape Fear Memorial Bridge, This collapse would immediately restrict access to the port, which contributes $12.9 billion to North Carolina's economy every year, directly and indirectly supports more than 87,700 jobs across the Old North State, and would cost the economy tens of millions of dollars each day the port is closed.
That's what the Port of Baltimore and the citizens of Maryland are experiencing due to the collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge over the lower Patapsco River.
I recently visited the Port of Baltimore and the wreckage site of the Francis Scott Key Bridge as a member of the House Appropriations Committee.
Our mission was to better understand the collapse, its impact on the economy, and what will be needed to rebuild the bridge.
The Port of Baltimore is the nation's farthest-inland port, and the top domestic port for cars, forest products, farm equipment and sugar.
The port generates $4.7 billion in economic value to the state of Maryland and supports nearly 22,000 jobs, Estimates predict the Baltimore port's closure costs America's economy $15 million each day it is closed and has added hours to transportation times for vital goods and services that Americans rely on every day in the mid-Atlantic region and beyond.
Ships are having to travel greater distances to offload shipments, and an estimated 5,000 trucks per day are being diverted across the region, adding hours to their travel time and significantly affecting the flow of goods across most of the United States.
Maryland's transportation secretary estimates that the cost to rebuild this critical pillar of our nation's supply chain is nearly S1.9 billion.
At some point, when Maryland comes to the federal government for our assistance in funding this rebuild, I want you to know that I will be supporting that effort for the sake of our nation's supply chain and for the health of our national economy, just as I would hope my colleagues in Maryland would do if such a tragedy were to ever happen at a North Carolina port.