The Secretary of State has been very clear about the much-needed reset between the Welsh and UK Governments.
Can she also make clear how the recent Budget has contributed to that reset?
Our Budget delivered for Wales for the first time in a generation, because the £21 billion settlement announced last week is the largest settlement in real terms since the dawn of devolution.
It will provide a record boost for the Welsh Government to support vital public services in Wales, such as the NHS.
It includes £25 million to maintain work to keep coal tips safe, and £320 million for investment zones in north and south Wales to power our sector strengths, which include the creative industries, life sciences and advanced manufacturing—for example, our world-leading compound semiconductor cluster.
That shows the difference of Labour Governments working together.
First, may I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Grinstead and Uckfield (Mims Davies) , who has just taken on the role of shadow Secretary of State for Wales?
It is a fantastic opportunity for her to champion a vital part of our Union.
Secondly, may I ask the Secretary of State, who is newly in her post, what she will do to ensure that the power that brings our Union together comes out of Ynys Môn—that is Anglesey to her—so that she can ensure that the nuclear projects that keep us safe are properly invested in and not dropped, as they have been by this Labour Government?
Labour Governments control both sides of the M4 now, and it is about time they delivered.
I wonder whether the right hon.
Gentleman has ever been to Anglesey—or Ynys Môn, as he describes it.
I am eager to see new nuclear developments in north Wales that will provide high-quality jobs across the region and drive economic growth.
We recognise that a nuclear future at Wylfa could help to deliver several of our strategic objectives, achieving net zero energy independence and restoring economic prosperity across our nations and regions.
Great British Nuclear completed the purchase of the site in June this year, and we will make further announcements about it very soon.
Could the Secretary of State explain how it is possible to strengthen the Union while maintaining a partitioning border in the Irish sea at the behest of a foreign jurisdiction and under its laws?
I refer the hon.
and learned Gentleman to my previous answer about the resetting of the relationship with the Welsh Government, and about working together and respecting the devolution settlement with all devolved Governments.