On the Rwanda scheme, during the period from when it began to when we scrapped it, 83,500 people crossed in small boats.
If that is a deterrent, the right hon.
Gentleman has a peculiar view of the meaning of “deterrence” in the English language.
When I realised that we were doing this urgent question, I took the opportunity to look at the right hon.
Gentleman’s record as a Home Office Minister.
During his first stint at the Home Office—from September 2019 to 2021—23,849 people crossed the channel on small boats.
During his second ministerial sojourn at the Home Office, 50,637 people crossed the channel in small boats, so his overall total is 74,486.
In September 2020, the shadow Home Secretary answered an urgent question.
He said that the last Government would “not rest until we have taken the necessary steps to completely end these crossings.”—[Official
Report,  2 September 2020 ; Vol. 679, c. 168.]
How did that go?
In 2018, 400 crossed the channel.
Since then, more than 140,000 have crossed, the majority of them on the Conservatives’ watch.
All they could introduce were ridiculous gimmicks, such as Rwanda, which cost taxpayers millions of pounds.
Does the Minister agree that the new injection of cash into border security command is a better use of taxpayers’ money than the gimmicks that the Conservatives introduced?
Yes, I agree wholeheartedly.
The issue here is dealing with cross-border organised immigration crime.
To do that, we have to talk to our international allies and co-operate with them across borders.
That is exactly what the creation of the border security command will do, both operationally and politically, and we will see the results.
We now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I join the Minister in welcoming the new shadow Home Secretary to his place.
Leading with the chin on the first full day in the job is an interesting approach, but if any situation highlights the manifest failings of the last Conservative Government, it is surely this.
We in this House all want to stop the dangerous channel crossings.
I am afraid that the last Government totally failed at that, so I am surprised we are discussing it today.
The asylum backlog ballooned under the Tories.
The human beings we are talking about who are in these small boats are often the victims of smuggling and trafficking gangs that profit from human suffering.
Does the Minister agree that it is therefore imperative that we work in closer co-ordination than ever before with Europol and our French counterparts to smash these criminal networks?
I urge the Government to address the root causes of the problem, not just the symptoms.
We must empower the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to provide robust aid to regions in an increasingly unstable world.
The hon.
Lady is exactly right.
This is not about gimmicks, or having a parallel immigration policy that is unconnected with any of the treaties we have signed or international law; it is about doing the day job, and making sure not to leave an inheritor Government a 200,000-person backlog by not doing the day job.
The issue with small boat crossings is dealing with organised, internationally focused immigration crime, which often originates in countries very far away.
To tackle this issue, we have to co-operate with the forces of law and order operationally, across borders, and that is what this Government are determined to do.
May I welcome the Government’s approach on this issue, and the 23% increase in enforced removals since last summer?
I agree with the Minister that the way to deal with this issue is to smash the criminal gangs.
I urge her to consider what attention she gives to the shadow Home Secretary who, when he was a Home Office Minister, imposed hotels on my constituency, and was the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for Liz Truss during the mini-Budget.
The shadow Home Secretary’s record in office is a matter that we may well keep coming back to.
I agree with the observations that my hon.
Friend makes.