I join the Prime Minister in his comments about Remembrance Sunday.
We must always remember the brave British men and women who gave their lives for our country.
I also join him in welcoming the Conservative leader to her place, and congratulate her on becoming the first black leader of a UK-wide party—a major and historic achievement.
President-elect Trump praised Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.
He called it “genius”.
He also said that he would encourage Russia “to do whatever the hell they want” to NATO allies, so what action is the Prime Minister taking to encourage a Trump presidency to change its mind?
Otherwise, it is a huge threat to global security, and national security in the UK.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, if the US will not oppose President Putin and support our brave Ukrainian allies, the UK must lead in Europe, so that together we do?
I am very proud that in this House we are united on the question of Ukraine, and clear about Russian aggression, and we will continue to be so.
I have long taken the view that the only winner if we are divided in this House is Putin, and I am not prepared to let that happen.
Our relationship with the US is a strong relationship, forged in very difficult circumstances historically.
It remains as strong today as it was when it was first forged, and I look forward to working with President-elect Trump to ensure that that relationship stays the special relationship.
I am grateful for the Prime Minister’s comments on Ukraine, but Donald Trump has also said that “trade wars are good”.
He calls himself “Tariff Man”.
People are really worried that Trump’s trade wars and tariffs will damage our economy, damage businesses, and hit the cost of living here in the UK.
Given that, does the Prime Minister recognise that it is more urgent than ever that we support our British economy by getting rid of the damaging trade barriers with Europe put in place by the Conservatives?
As the right hon.
Member will know, we made the economy the centrepiece of our Budget, and we will do everything that we need to do to ensure that our economy grows, and that is measured in living standards going up for working people across the country.
Many families across Aldershot and Farnborough have struggled for years to get their children with special educational needs the help that they need.
It is therefore shameful to read the misguided claims made by the Leader of the Opposition that autistic people “may well get better treatment” and receive economic privileges and protections.
Will the Prime Minister stand with the families of autistic children, and distance the Government from those awful words?
I will leave the Leader of the Opposition to respond to those words.
As the recent National Audit Office report exposed, children with special educational needs and disabilities were being failed by the system under the previous Government.
This has come up
I think five times in the last two or three weeks at PMQs.
It is clearly a serious issue.
Our focus will be on ensuring that every child receives the right support to succeed in their education.
Northern Ireland is considered one of the most dangerous places in Europe to be a woman—24 women have been killed in the last four years—but one of the most dangerous  places for women and girls is online.
I pay tribute to Belfast and Lisburn Women’s Aid, which is tireless in its advocacy of women.
What are the Government doing to keep women and girls safe online, not just in Lagan Valley but right across the United Kingdom?
The hon.
Member is right to draw attention to that issue.
Misogyny and abuse, both online and offline, cause horrendous harm to women and girls across the UK.
I commend her for her honesty and bravery in speaking out about her own experiences, and for her dedication to creating safe spaces for women in her constituency.
We must create a safer world online for women and girls through the Online Safety Act 2023, mitigating the risk of illegal content and activity that is abusive or incites hatred.
Everyone in Southwark will benefit from the positive measures in last week’s Budget, especially the thousands of people on minimum wage, who will get a real-terms increase to help themselves, their families and the economy.
The new leader of the Tory party—this week’s leader—is on record as saying that she wants to scrap the minimum wage, having seemingly learned nothing from July.
Will the Prime Minister pledge to protect the minimum wage and increase it in this Parliament as finances allow?
The previous Labour Government transformed the labour market with the national minimum wage.
That was opposed by the Conservatives at the time, and sadly they do not seem to have changed.
I was surprised by the comments of the Leader of the Opposition.
I was surprised to see the new shadow Business Secretary say that the minimum wage was “something that legislators pass to make themselves feel good.”
I disagree.
I am very proud of the fact that this Labour Government have raised wages for 3 million low-paid workers, and I expect the Conservative party to welcome that.
After 14 years shaping the UK’s long-term strategies for life sciences, agritech, fusion and space, I welcome the Government’s industrial strategy.
However, too many of our great companies are being bought out by our competitors.
To build the industries of tomorrow here, we need to unlock some of the hundreds of billions of pounds in UK pension funds in the City, only 3% of which are now investing in UK equities.
With the new Lord Mayor making that a priority, and the Mansion House speech imminent, will the new Government commit to seeing through the previous Government’s reforms to unlock British capital for British research and development growth?