The Secretary of State talks about respecting the devolution settlement.
Mark Drakeford wrote to the Chancellor  before the Budget asking for a review of Wales’s Barnett formula for transport funding, which had fallen from 81% in 2015 to 36% in 2021.
However, the Budget revealed a further cut in the Welsh transport comparability factor, which is now down to 33%.
How come strengthening the Union under Labour means that every major rail project in England results in Wales losing out?
We are having ongoing discussions with the Welsh Government about funding flexibilities and their fiscal framework.
We will deliver our manifesto commitment to work with the Welsh Government to address the outdated fiscal framework.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, heavy rail infrastructure is not devolved in Wales as it is in Scotland and Northern Ireland, and the Department for Transport settlement provides a £1.1 billion cash increase to total budgets in 2025-26 compared to 2024-25.
What discussions she has had with the Welsh Government on the impact of the autumn Budget on Wales.
I have regular discussions with the First Minister of Wales on a range of topics, including, of course, the autumn Budget.
This Budget has delivered for Wales for the first time in a generation.
The Welsh Government are receiving the largest settlement in real terms since devolution, to support public services such as the NHS.
More than 100,000 workers in Wales benefit from increases in the national minimum wage and the national living wage each year.
In the Budget, the Chancellor announced that the Barnett formula would apply to funding for agriculture, rather than the devolved Governments receiving a ringfenced amount.
The Farmers’ Union of Wales says that the Barnettisation of funding could lead to a cut of £146 million a year, or more than 40%.
Can the Secretary of State say whether that figure is correct, and whether she believes that her Government’s Budget has shown any consideration at all for our farming communities?
I was very pleased that the Budget was able to protect the current farming budget for the next financial year, despite the difficult decisions that we had to make because the Conservative party had trashed our economy.
[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Griffith, you are continually being a nuisance on the Front Bench.
I want you either to restrict it or to go and get yourself that cup of tea.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Obviously, farming is devolved in Wales, and the decision on how to spend that budget will be up to the Welsh Government.
I welcomed last week’s Budget announcements about improving rail transport, and I want to bang the drum for a most excellent project in Monmouthshire, the Magor walkway station, which is ready for investment—indeed, we might even call it oven-ready.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit  to working with the Rail Minister and me, and Welsh Ministers, to deliver the five Burns stations, and will she meet me to discuss progress?
My hon.
Friend is a wonderful advocate for her constituency and for the Burns commission’s recommendations for her constituency, and I would be very happy to meet her to discuss them.