The Prime Minister will not make that commitment, yet the world is getting more dangerous.
His Chancellor’s Budget did not even mention defence.
The Chancellor’s Budget last week was a copy and paste of Bidenomics.
It turns out that a high-spending, high-borrowing and high-inflation approach is less popular than she may have thought.
May I suggest that he now urges her to change course, or is he determined to be a one-term leader?
The one thing that I learned as Leader of the Opposition is that it is a good idea to listen to what the Government are actually saying.
I think the right hon.
Lady just said that defence was not mentioned in the Budget.
It was seven days ago that it was absolutely clear and central to the Budget, as was economic growth.
We are fixing the foundations.
We are giving a pay rise to millions of people.
We are picking up the mess that the Conservatives left, including the £22 billion black hole, and giving a pay rise to working people.
I have not yet heard her welcome that pay rise for the 3 million lowest paid workers.
Does she now welcome it, or does she stick to her previous policy that it is excessive?
I was the one who, as Business Secretary, raised the minimum wage last year; I have a strong record on this.
We need to make sure that we balance the books.
The Prime Minister’s scripted lines show that he has not even listened to the Budget himself, so I will try a different question.
Perhaps he can give something that is unscripted to the people who are watching.
Farmers across the United Kingdom—[Laughter.]
Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
I do not need any help.
If anybody wants to leave, I will help them do that.
I am going to hear the question, and I certainly want to hear the answer as well, so, please, let us have some courtesy.
We have heard the Prime Minister on television repeat the lines “fixing the foundations” and so on, over and over again, but what does he say to farmers who are facing uncertainty about their futures as a result of the increased taxes announced by the Chancellor?
I am very clear that we would reverse Labour’s cruel family farms tax.
[Hon.
Members: “Reading!”]
What can he say now to reassure the farming community —[Hon.
Members: “Reading!”]—who provide security for the whole nation?
I am happy to help the Leader of the Opposition.
If she is going to complain about scripted answers, it is probably best not to read that from a script!
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] I am glad that she raised the issue of farmers, because the Budget last week put £5 billion over the next two years into farming.
That is the single biggest increase, unlike the £300 million underspend under the last Government.
When it comes to inheritance, the vast, vast majority of farmers will be unaffected, as she and her party well know.
The Budget was about fixing the foundations, fixing the £22 billion hole that the Conservatives left and investing in the future of our country—investing in our NHS, our schools, our hospitals and our homes.
I am proud that we are making that investment.
If the Opposition oppose it, they should go out there and tell their constituents that they are against that investment in the future of our country.
That is the difference: a Labour Government taking us forward; the Conservatives are stuck in the past.
More!
Order.
I want to hear Matthew Patrick.
Emily left her ex, but the abuse did not stop.
He stayed in their home, cancelled the mortgage contributions and destroyed her credit score.
Now she cannot even take out a mobile phone contract.
Surviving Economic Abuse and UK Finance have made progress in tackling this issue, but more has to be done.
Will the Prime Minister and his Government work with me to introduce new provisions, so that we can restore the credit files for survivors of economic abuse like Emily?