Diolch, Llefarydd.
Representatives of Glan Rhos nursing home in my constituency tell me that the Budget changes mean a 10% increase in their in-year costs—a staggering £127,500 extra.
Will the Prime Minister reconsider the rise in employer national insurance?
What we did in last week’s
Budget was ensure that no one would face tax rises in their payslip.
We had to deal with the £22 billion black hole, but when we did so, we protected the smallest businesses and charities.
We doubled the employment allowance to £10,500, meaning that 40% of employers will not pay employer national insurance contributions.
Companies with four employees or fewer on the minimum wage will pay no employer NICs at all, and half of businesses that pay NICs will see no change or pay less after the Budget.
My  constituents were pleased to hear last week’s Budget prioritise investment in public infrastructure, including important projects such as the electrification of the Wigan to Bolton railway line, which will deliver more reliable and greener journeys.
Does the Prime Minister agree that investment in the key infrastructure of towns such as Horwich, Westhoughton, Blackrod and Bolton is the only way to deliver economic growth and prosperity for all?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for the north-west, and the Budget secured investment for vital transport projects to transform connectivity across the north of England and drive economic growth.
That includes completing the Wigan to Bolton electrification —a really important moment on Northern Powerhouse Rail.
Over £5 billion has been allocated to support everyday journeys for working people.
By restoring economic stability and increasing investment, we are taking our country forward.
The Swan Youth Project in Berkhamsted is an incredible drop-in centre that intervenes to bring hope and a better future to teenagers such as Lex and Megan, who have been facing anxiety, depression and long mental health waiting lists, as well as families coping with special educational needs and disability.
Its representatives have already written to the Treasury saying that they are worried about getting the funds they need, as our communities face a tough winter and grants are depleting.
Parul, the manager, also assures me that she makes a mean curry and would welcome the Prime Minister, so will he join me to discuss their concerns and ensure that the Swan Youth Project and similar organisations in the third sector get the support they need as they work tirelessly for our communities?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to know that I have been to Berkhamsted a number of times, as we have very good friends who live there.
I pay tribute to the work of the Swan Youth Project; too many young people—she cited some of them—are struggling with mental health and not receiving the support they need.
That is why we will recruit an additional 8,500 mental health workers and are introducing long-overdue reforms  to the Mental Health Act 1983.
That is happening today.
We will put more money into SEND, but we also need to look at reforming SEND, which I think and hope will be supported across the House.
I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Ministers about that.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister will know that after 14 years of Tory ideological hostility and cuts, our universities are in financial meltdown.
The University of East Anglia, in my constituency, is having to make redundancies, as are many others.
Our right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Education has started to address the problem, but we need a long-term solution that does not simply saddle our young people with more debt.
Can my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister say how we can move to fix the foundations of higher education as we go forward?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise higher education.
We inherited a sector facing severe financial challenges.
Universities have suffered a real-terms decline in their income and the gap between disadvantaged students and their peers is the highest on record.
We have had to take tough decisions to put that on a secure footing, but we are also taking the step of easing living pressures by increasing maintenance loans, which is worth an extra £414 per year.
Jo Hamilton, my constituent and a former sub-postmistress, has long campaigned with Alan Bates for compensation following the Horizon Post Office scandal.
Can the Prime Minister give an exact timeframe in which those who have been waiting more than a decade might finally be compensated?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
A commitment was made to properly compensate the victims of this scandal.
Unfortunately, the Conservative Government, having made that commitment, regrettably did not allocate any money.
Her constituents will be pleased to know that we have changed the approach.
We have set out the compensation within the Budget—a transparent, accountable Budget—and we will make the payments as soon as we can.
I echo the Prime Minister’s sentiments towards that other son of Lewis—although I wish that I had woken up today in the Isle of Harris.
My constituents there face long delays, cancellations and loss of service because of the SNP’s incompetent handling of ferry procurement.
In last week’s
Budget the Scottish Government received a record settlement.
May I urge the Prime Minister to tell Scottish Ministers to use that to improve public services in Scotland, to invest in the NHS in Na h-Eileanan an Iar, to build schools in places such as Barra and finally to fix the ferry fiasco?
Last week in the Budget we delivered the largest settlement for the Scottish Government in real terms since devolution.
That includes £3.4 billion through the Barnett formula, a fuel duty freeze and an increase to the national living wage, benefiting my hon.
Friend’s constituents and all those across Scotland.
The  result of the Budget is now clear.
The SNP in power in Scotland have the powers and they now have the money, so they have no more excuses.
Does the Prime Minister think it is acceptable for a Back-Bench MP to suggest that the Leader of the Opposition represents “white supremacy in blackface” and is “the most prominent member of white supremacy’s black collaborator class”, with all the race traitor innuendo that that carries?
If he does not, why has he not removed the Whip?
No, I do not.
As a semi-retired violinist and rock musician asking a semi-retired multi-instrumentalist, I feel confident that the Prime Minister shares my belief in the importance of music education.
Does he agree that, as we unleash the potential of our country, we must invest in the educational infrastructure of creative arts subjects so that they are accessible to all, and will he visit my constituency, to see the great work of the schools there despite the inheritance that we received?
I am not sure about the description “semi-retired”, although that may be the wish of the Conservative party.
What I know from personal experience is that music, the creative subjects and art are really important not only for the pleasure and knowledge that they give to children and young people but for the experience of working in groups and leadership.
That is why we are determined to ensure that they are counted as subjects again in the curriculum, which will encourage many more schools to provide them in the curriculum and enrich the futures of children and young people across the country.
Before the election, the Prime Minister claimed that he would not put up national insurance contributions; he put them up.
Before  the election, he claimed that he would scrap tuition fees; he put them up.
Before the election, he said that he would not tax family farms; he is taxing them.
Will he address his party’s growing reputation for dishonesty by making good on his commitment to close the Wethersfield asylum accommodation centre in my constituency?
We are keeping the promises that we made in our manifesto.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s problem is that he cannot add up; if he could, he might be down on the Front Bench rather than up on the Back Benches.
We will take up the issue in his constituency.
Monday marked the seven-year anniversary of my constituent Jagtar Singh Johal’s arbitrary detention in India.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that he and his Government will do all they can to secure Jagtar’s immediate release and bring him home?
Yes.
We are committed to pushing the Government of India on this important case.
The Foreign Secretary has raised it and will continue to do so, and we will ensure that we speak to my hon.
Friend as we do so.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Does the Leader of the Opposition want to correct the record, as she said in Prime Minister’s questions that the Chancellor did not mention defence spending in her Budget, yet the Chancellor mentioned it many, many times, including its allocation of £2.9 billion, which far exceeds our commitment?
It is not for me to correct the record—and that is not a point of order—but the right hon.
Lady has done it.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department to make a statement on the recent increase in dangerous, illegal and unnecessary channel crossings by small boat?
For too long, smuggling gangs have been undermining our border security and putting lives at risk, which is why the new Government have made it a top priority to address the crisis we inherited.
Let us be clear about what that crisis entailed: small boat crossings in the first half of the year at their highest point on record, and over 100,000 arrivals in the five years prior; over 200,000 cases stuck in the asylum system, costing the taxpayer billions in support; and £700 million spent on a gimmick that sent just four volunteers to Rwanda.
When we entered government, we said it was time for grip, not gimmicks, and that is exactly what we are delivering.
Since July, we have established the border security command, headed by experienced police chief Martin Hewitt.
In the King’s Speech, we set out our intention to bring forward legislation to give the border security system stronger powers to investigate and prosecute organised immigration crime.
We are recruiting 100 new specialist agency and investigation officers at the National Crime Agency to target and dismantle the criminal networks behind this phenomenon.
We have also announced an extra £75 million to bolster border security, bringing our investment in the border security command over the next two years to £150 million.
This Government’s border security funding boost will go towards a range of enforcement and intelligence activities and capabilities including covert technology as well as hundreds of staff and specialist investigators as we crank up the pressure on the smuggling gangs.
This is an international problem requiring international solutions.
Since the general election we have intensified co-operation with partners overseas.
We recently struck a new anti-smuggling action plan with G7 partners and the Prime Minister and Home Secretary both attended the Interpol general assembly in Glasgow on Monday to press the case for a much stronger and more integrated global response to organised immigration crime.
As well as tackling the issue upstream, we have taken action to speed up decision making and stepped up returns of those with no right to be in this country.
The result of all this action is 9,400 returns since this Government took office including a 19% increase in enforced returns and a 14% increase in returns of foreign national offenders.
Sticking plasters and gimmicks have failed.
The smugglers and traffickers have been getting away with it for far too long.
It is time to show them we are serious, not with words, but with action.
The security of Britain’s borders is paramount and under this Government it always will be.