Everybody in this House wants an end to small boat crossings and the risks that people take to cross the channel.
The Minister has announced a number of measures this week.
When does she expect those measures to start producing a reduction in crossings?
Will she commit to keeping the Select Committee informed on progress?
It is my first chance to congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her election as Chair of the Select Committee.
I look forward to coming before her Committee whenever she wishes to talk to me.
The Department certainly wishes to keep her informed about what is going on.
There has been a significant shift in international co-operation, what with the G7 collaboration on smuggling and the dialogues of the European Political Community, of which there is a meeting tomorrow, at which we hope there will be some announcements.
The Government have also been working on bilateral memorandums of understanding and action plans across Europe to achieve a step change in cross-border co-operation, which is the key to beginning to tackle the awful criminal smuggling activity.
In the five years before the election, I worked on preventing human trafficking in Scotland, including with many of the victims who came on small boat crossings.
They have gone through the most appalling abuse that chills the soul.
Does the Minister agree that public money is far better spent on smashing the gangs and freeing the victims than on a Rwanda plan that was never going to work?
Yes, I agree profoundly with my hon.
Friend, which is why the new Government have changed tack in this area.
I am sure that we will see the results in due course.
The Government have pledged millions of pounds to smashing the gangs, on top of the millions of pounds that we spent on stopping the boats.
The Government have pledged more drones on the channel and to fast-track cases, just as we deployed drones on the channel and fast-tracked cases.
The Government have set up a border security command, which sounds remarkably similar to the small boats operational command that we set up when in government.
Other than scrapping the one thing that would have worked—that is, the deterrent—what have this Government done that is different that is actually going to stop the boats?
First, the border security command is operationally completely different from the command on the channel, which is deliberately there to try to save life and find out what is going on on the water.
Operationally, the border security command will co-operate across borders in a very different way.
If I were the right hon.
and learned Lady, I would not be boasting about the colossal morass of wasted expenditure that the Rwanda scheme represented—£700 million down the drain, with plans to spend nearly £10 billion on the plan over the next few years.
It was a gross waste of money that did not deter a single boat crossing.
The gangs that run this vile trade care only for their profits, not for the lives that they put at risk.
Will the Minister reassure the House and my constituents in East Thanet that the border security command will do everything to break the evil smuggling gangs and bring the ringleaders to justice?
Yes; the point of the increase in operational co-operation across borders is that if we cannot bring people to justice in our jurisdiction, we can ensure that information is swapped in real time, so that they can be brought to justice in other jurisdictions.
There will be a step change in that kind of international co-operation, which will deliver results.
Will the Minister describe clearly and unambiguously, without bluster, the difference in function between the border security command and the small boats operational command?
The border security command is not focused only on channel crossings; it is much more about using our intelligence capabilities and our operational arm to co-operate across borders, with other jurisdictions and in real time, to ensure that organised criminal gangs can be tracked, apprehended and dismantled.
We have given £150 million extra to the border security command to start to do that work.
The command on the channel is about saving lives and co-operating with the French once people have reached the beaches.
It is far too late once people have reached the beaches; we need to go far back to the origin countries, and do a lot more work there.
Will the Minister acknowledge the real concerns felt by people in the UK and in my city of Portsmouth about the small boat crossings?
Does she agree that the 23% increase since last summer in enforced returns of people who have no right to be here shows what can be done when grown-ups are in the room, and when a Government focus on getting a grip?
I absolutely agree with the points my hon.
Friend made.
There are 120 conflicts globally, which, along with other factors such as poverty, food insecurity and the effects of climate change, cause populations to move.
Does the Minister agree that, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart)  pointed out, it is essential that we look at the root causes of immigration?
Does she therefore support an increase in the development and aid budget, rather than the cut in official development assistance in last week’s Budget?
In the end, any work that we can do upstream, whether in respect of development or aid, will deal with some of the causes, some of which the hon.
Lady rightly points out.
We have to stay within the bounds set by the Budget, but I assure her that I regard prevention as much better than cure.
This Government inherited a situation on our borders in which there was failure on all fronts.
There were record numbers of tragic deaths in the channel, millions wasted on the failed  Rwanda gimmick, and criminal gangs profiteering off exploiting our borders.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that, unlike the previous Government, we will not waste time on political gimmicks, but will focus on the practical measures that can bring an end to the persistence of these damning failures?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will do exactly that.
It is why we have seen a step change in returns since this Government took office.
There have been 9,400 in that period, which includes a 19% increase in enforced returns and a 14% increase in returns of foreign national offenders.
We will ensure that our immigration system has integrity.
Sometimes, when listening to the exchanges between Labour Front Benchers and the Conservatives, we can forget that we are dealing with real people who are fleeing the most unimaginable horrors.
Aside from the bizarre Rwanda plan, why is the Minister continuing with the same failed approach as the Tories?
The Government continue to spend millions on hotels, drones and various bits of high tech; how about trying something different?
How about looking at safe and legal routes, in order to smash the gangs?
And how about showing some compassion?
I am not going to get into a competition with the hon.
Gentleman about compassion.
We have a duty to ensure that asylum seekers who come to our shores are properly processed and dealt with, and integrated in our society if asylum is granted.
[Interruption.]
Despite the hon.
Gentleman chuntering away, I am not going to stand here and say that we will let people smugglers, who exploit people for money, decide who comes to our country.
We have to stop this trade; that is not at odds with treating those who arrive here with compassion.
When I stood for election on  4 July  this year, my commitment to my voters was that we would smash the criminal gangs and stop the small boats.
At that point, the number of small boat crossings was 6% higher than in the worst ever year, 2022.
Does the Minister welcome the data that shows that the number is now 9,000 lower than in 2022?
Yes, but the House has to have patience.
There are no magic wands to wave in this policy area, and there are no fantasy policies now that we have got rid of the Rwanda scheme.
There is hard, day-to-day operational work to try to get the system that we inherited—which is in complete chaos, with huge backlogs—back into some kind of order, so that we can run it properly, fairly and efficiently.
That is what we are focusing on.
I recently listened to an interview with a retired former inspector of borders and immigration, who was responding to the Government’s announcements.
He outlined his concerns about the impact of the measures on their own, without an effective deterrent, and about how the Government will measure their success—the percentage or volume by which they want to see small boat crossings reduced after the announcements.
What percentage reduction in small boat crossings would the Government view as success?
I am not getting into a numbers game in the House.
We are trying to deal with and dismantle a trade that was allowed to become established and industrialised on the previous Government’s watch.
I am not going to stand here and say, “It’ll happen overnight,” but we will make progress.
Folks in Plymouth are really interested in how the Government will solve this big problem.
They will welcome the increase in money towards dealing with the problem and the increase in returns.
Another thing they want is constructive, lively debate with ideas in this place.
Unfortunately, the Opposition seem so devoid of ideas that they will bang on for another four years about their landmark Rwanda policy to stop the boats—a failed scheme that got firmly rejected by the electorate.
Does the Minister agree that the first sign of insanity is trying the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result?
Yes.
In the Home Office annual report, it is confirmed that in 2022-23 £3 billion was spent on hotel costs for illegal migrants, averaging £8 million a day.
The cruel inheritance tax assault on British family farms and businesses is estimated eventually to raise £520 million a year.
Do the Labour Government need to rethink their spending priorities urgently?
No.
We have just had a Budget, which we are in the middle of debating and will be voting on, and I expect that that will be the way we go forwards.
The 23% increase in returns of people who have no right to be here is a really positive step in giving the public confidence in our systems.
What measures are in place to continue to ensure that our processes remain robust and that the trajectory of returns continues?
We are ensuring that the enforcement part of the Home Office that deals with returns is given the resources it needs to do that job, but to make it even more successful, we have to engage with those countries to which we wish to return people so that we can have papers issued.
Again, the significant shift in international co-operation is what will deliver that.
If Rwanda was a gimmick, why are Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Netherlands, Poland and Romania looking at similar schemes?
Given the number of crossings and deaths in the channel, would it not, with hindsight, have been wise at least to have allowed the Rwanda scheme a trial run?
Those countries are not considering a Rwanda scheme; they are all saying that they will stay within the confines of international law.
The Rwanda scheme definitely tore up international law, and it was planned to spend nearly £10 billion up until 2027 on trying to remove 250 people a week from this country,  and to spend nearly £3 billion on extra detention camps for them in this country.
I do not think that represents British values or good value for money.
Given that only 3% of people who arrived by small boats between 2018 and June 2024 have been returned, a period of reflection from the Conservative party on this issue would be welcome.
Does the Minister agree that a Government who have dispensed with gimmicks and who focus on the day job are delivering that progress on returns?
Yes, but let us not underestimate the fact that under the Illegal Migration Act 2023 nobody who arrived in that way could be processed, so 118,000 people are waiting to be processed because the previous Government stopped the system dead.
We have to get the processing system going again—that is what we are doing—so that we can get the flow of decisions, return those who are not entitled to be here and integrate those who are entitled to stay.
The Government have a mandate for trying out their approach, and I wish them well.
I have always felt that unless the boats are intercepted and turned back near the start of their journey, nothing will deter people from using that method.
Will the Minister, whom I respect greatly, explain how it is possible to smash gangs who operate in other jurisdictions once they get to the point where they withdraw their headquarters to countries where there is no possibility of co-operation with the authorities in charge of those states?
Well, getting to that level of withdrawal would be a fantastic development that would put incredible pressure on many of the supply lines currently being used; if we could get to that stage, we would have already made significant progress.
The answer to what the right hon.
Gentleman is talking about is international co-operation to put the maximum pressure on this terrible international trade in human lives and exploitation.
I am glad that he is giving me a little bit of time to prove that we can make a difference.
People in West Brom are appalled by these criminal smuggling gangs.
Does the Minister agree that the last Government wasted £700 million on the totally failed Rwanda scheme?
Could she set out how the new Government are going to fix the situation?
Yes, and the repurposing of some of that money and resource that has not been lost is funding the new approach.
Does the Minister agree that the loss of life is colossally too high on these channel crossings, including the loss of a two-year-old child just the other week?
Does she also agree that we should reopen safe routes so that we can treat those coming to this country with the dignity and respect that they deserve?
I do not believe that safe routes would stop people from attempting to come over the channel in small boats.
I have some sympathy with the idea of safe routes, but I do not think they would stop  this trade.
For example, 1,500 Indians came across, and we have a visa regime with the Indians.
The highest nationality for small boat arrivals this year is the Vietnamese.
Again, it is not always about people who are asylum seekers coming over; it is people who do not have a right to be here but are paying to come here.
Safe routes would not solve that problem.
The shadow Home Secretary referred to the lives lost in the channel—every single one of them is a tragedy —but does the Minister agree that his trying to make a political point about those deaths, as he appeared to do, is beneath the Conservative party, as were gimmicks such as the Rwanda scheme?
Yes, I agree.
The loss of life in the channel this year has been the highest on record, and that is because more pressure is being put on the gangs, the boats are being overloaded and there is more anarchy on the beaches in France.
Those are all things that we have to try to deal with in co-operation with our French colleagues.
My constituents want to see an end to the small boat crossings and an end to the use of hotels for asylum seekers—as pledged in the Government’s manifesto.
Will the Minister undertake to ensure that, where hotels have seen asylum seekers moved out, more are not put back in?
The issue with hotels and other dispersal accommodation is that we have inherited a backlog.
Owing to the way in which the Conservatives ran the system, there was no processing of asylum seekers, who then had to be put up in hotels.
Hotels are temporary, not a solution.
We will do our best to get out of dealing with hotels as quickly as possible by getting the system up and running and processing those who are making claims, so that we can get them either approved and integrated or returned.
The Government came to power this year in the worst year on record for small boats crossings, which were 6% higher than in the previous record year of 2022.
That was the legacy of chaos left by the last Government.
There is no room for complacency, but does the Minister agree that we should be welcoming the now 20% lower level of small boats crossings this year compared with 2022?
I agree that the first six months of this year were the worst on record.
There were then a quiet three months, and now there has been a huge increase, not least because of benign weather conditions.
I do not want to get into monthly figures.
We need to bear down on the organised criminality that is perpetrating the trade, to disrupt it and deal with it that way.
Does the Minister recognise the distinct lack of humanity about this urgent question and the discussions surrounding small boats and migration?
Does she not recognise that those people who risk all to get into those very dangerous boats and cross the chancel are doing so in an act of desperation?
The lack of a safe routes system across  Europe has created a market for people traffickers.
Instead of the current approach, does she not think it necessary to look seriously at safe routes for asylum seekers, to avoid the tragedy of all these deaths in the channel and, for that matter, in the Mediterranean?
I said earlier that safe routes would not stop all the channel crossings.
There is now an industrialised system run by organised immigration criminals.
The Vietnamese would never have a safe route into the UK—there is no visa system—yet they now comprise 20% of the people crossing on small boats.
With all due respect to the right hon.
Gentleman, I do not think that safe routes would solve the problem.