I want to thank those who elected me as the first MP for the new Ely and East Cambridgeshire constituency, although I follow in the Liberal footsteps of Clement Freud and others before him.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for North Ayrshire and Arran (Irene Campbell)  on making her first speech to this House; her constituency sounds almost, but not quite, as beautiful as mine.
I also congratulate  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (David Williams)  on his first speech.
My mum is a member of “the turnover club” and I became an honorary member when I came to this House because I felt I needed to check the saucers so that I could report back to her; so I understand where the hon.
Gentleman is coming from.
Ely and East Cambridgeshire contains part of the old North East Cambridgeshire constituency and most of South East Cambridgeshire.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for North East Cambridgeshire (Steve Barclay)  for being so helpful in passing over casework from constituents and I thank Lucy Frazer KC for representing South East Cambridgeshire and in particular for supporting the much-needed upgrade to Ely rail junction.
I was disappointed to hear nothing about funding for that in  the Budget.
We all want economic growth for this country and the Government need to help us fix Ely junction if we are to get freight to and from the ports and allow us to have that growth.
I am a chartered accountant
so I know that the business case is unanswerable and I urge the Chancellor to put the funding for the Ely junction upgrade in the spring spending review.
My constituents have a range of occupations: we have farmers, we have people in horseracing, and we have cutting-edge technology.
Going back to the comments of the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent North, I was amazed to be invited to accompany Almath Crucibles to receive the King’s award for innovation—people have been making crucibles for 8,000 years, yet it has come up with an innovation, which, as an archaeologist, I found utterly amazing.
I was also amazed to look at how they make those crucibles in my constituency; they make them with fantastic materials, but they do so in a way that our parents would recognise from the pottery industry.
It is stunning.
We are also a beautiful constituency, with an amazing natural environment.
We have chalk grasslands, wetland peat and the River Great Ouse running through it all.
Over the centuries, people have added things: have ditches, dykes and lodes that help control the water in the fens; and the Devil’s dyke, which runs from my home village of Reach through to Woodditton, a beautiful, probably late Saxon earthwork and a chalk grassland.
Watching over all that, we have the “ship of the fens”, which many say is one of the best cathedrals in Europe.
Personally, I think it is the best
but I would not claim to be an expert in cathedrals.
The National Trust is doing a lot of work near me with Wicken fen, as it has a vision to enlarge the wetland peat area to protect the biodiversity that depends on it and, as we heard in an earlier debate, capture the carbon that is within.
I was lucky enough to visit recently, and was promised that we might see a kingfisher.
We did indeed see that beautiful kingfisher going back and forth across the river.
It was fantastic.
However, there are some downsides to my constituency.
It is very expensive to buy or rent a home, which is pricing out young people and families.
The median price of a house in my constituency is 11 times the average salary, and the rental market follows on from that, basically.
It is unaffordable for many people.
On top of that, a lot of our affordable housing is badly insulated, and people rely on oil for their heating.
Across my constituency, there are families who cannot afford to heat their homes.
As the Government are rebuilding Britain, which I hope that we can do, they should ensure that homes are built that are affordable for people to live in—not just homes that have an affordable price or rent but that are energy-efficient so that they are cheap to run.
We must also ensure that we have the infrastructure and support around those homes, whether that is doctors, dentists, schools, green space or water.
We need to have all those things.
On the subject of dentists, Ely and East Cambridgeshire is a dental desert.
I am horrified to say that people cannot get on an NHS dental list in my constituency.
That has to change.
I have met people who have spent their life savings on dental treatment or people who, for heaven’s sake, have done it themselves.
It is horrendous and we have to address it.
My great-grandfather grew up in the workhouse around Stoke-on-Trent.
My parents were the first people in their families to go to university, and they always brought me up to believe that I could do anything I wanted as long as I worked hard on it.
I first stood for Parliament in 1987, and mum and dad helped me with that campaign.
Sadly, my dad died a few years ago, but my mum supported my election campaign this year, and I know that dad would have been really pleased to see me elected to this House, just as mum was.
I now have to correct an error I made on election night.
I did not expect to win, so I had not written a victory speech.
I remembered most of the people I had to thank but, as my husband and my children have repeatedly reminded me since, I forgot to thank them, so I am delighted to put on record, and in Hansard no less, my thanks to my husband, Jon, and my children, David and Kathryn, for their unswerving support and encouragement.
This might sound a bit odd, but I also need to thank Fosters mill, which is a 19th-century windmill in Swaffham
Prior that is still going strong.
Its Prior’s oats fuelled my campaign and now give me a breakfast boost each morning to get me through the day.
I have to thank my agent Lorna Dupré for running a wonderful campaign and all my campaign team for delivering leaflets and doing all the canvassing.
Most of all, I want to thank the people of Ely and East Cambridgeshire for engaging in the conversations and putting their trust in me to be their MP.
I will do my utmost to make sure that their voices are heard in this House.
I will also try to be the very best local MP possible.
Many thanks, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to give my maiden speech in such an important debate.
It was great to see a Budget delivered by a female Chancellor, the first one ever in this Parliament, and a Budget delivering the largest funding settlement for Scotland in the history of devolution.
I am delighted to be here today as the Member of Parliament for North Ayrshire and Arran, my home constituency, and I am honoured that people put their faith in me and voted for me to be their MP.
I thank my family and friends for their support, which was greatly appreciated.
I pay my respects to my predecessor Patricia Gibson for her work in the constituency over the past nine years.
Like me, she cares about the community we serve, and I wish her well.
I also pay my respects to her staff for their hard work.
Staff often go unrecognised, but they play a vital part in delivering for our communities.
I first got interested in politics at a very young age.
One of our neighbours, David Lambie, was the hon.
Member for Central Ayrshire from 1970 until 1983 and was very active in the area.
That was my introduction to politics and to this place.
I was fascinated by what was going on and how it all worked.
I remember being in the Gallery to see Prime Minister’s questions in the 1980s; I still cannot quite believe that I am now here sitting on the green Benches.
North Ayrshire and Arran is a mix of towns—many of them post-industrial—villages, rural and island communities.
It has the best of both the countryside and the seaside, with two beautiful islands, but I will say more about that later.
I have lived in the constituency for most of my life, although I started my working life in London in the 1980s.
Jobs were scarce at that time in North Ayrshire and many other parts of Britain.
Some may remember that unemployment was very high and to get a job people moved to cities.
I arrived in London an enthusiastic young punk and not only got a job that I loved, but got to see a lot of bands, go to great art exhibitions, make some lifetime friends and generally have a great time, as most young people do.
I would not have expected that years later I would be back in London where I started my career—I am no longer a punk, as you can see, but hopefully I still have the attitude.
Coming back to my constituency, I must mention a very famous resident, Alfred Nobel.
In the 1860s he identified a site in the town of Stevenston on the Ardeer peninsula to build his explosives factory.
At one time it was the largest explosives factory in the world and in its heyday it employed around 15,000 people, mainly locals.
Nobel lived locally during the start of the project, and my great-grandmother Clara came over from Sweden to work for the Nobel family.
She never left Stevenston, as she met my great-grandfather and stayed, so I am obviously very grateful.
North Ayrshire and Arran is a diverse constituency with the towns of Kilwinning, Ardrossan, Saltcoats and Stevenston making up a post-industrial landscape along with the Garnock valley, comprising the towns of Dalry, Beith, Kilbirnie, Glengarnock and the villages of Gateside and Barmill.
The famous Glengarnock steelworks opened in the 1840s and operated until the 1970s.
The north coast is made up of small, pretty coastal towns, with the villages of Seamill, West Kilbride, which is often referred to as a craft town, Portencross, Fairlie, Largs and Skelmorlie, and of course we have the wonderful and beautiful islands of Arran and Cumbrae.
To give a little bit of history, North Ayrshire and Arran has many ancient castles and monuments, from the medieval abbey in Kilwinning to castles in Ardrossan, Portencross, Glengarnock, Kersland, Dalry and many more, and the ancient Machrie Moor standing stones on Arran.
The town of Largs is famous for the Viking battle in 1263 and hosts an annual Viking festival.
These historical sites attract many visitors, and tourism is important to our local communities, particularly our island communities.
I must mention some famous residents, past and president—[Interruption.]
Forgive me—I meant to say “present”.
That is a Freudian slip on  6 November !
Betsy Miller from Saltcoats was the first woman to be registered as the master of a ship and was apparently mentioned in this House during a debate on the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act 1834.
Henry Faulds from Beith, a Scottish doctor and scientist, was noted for the development of fingerprinting.
Moving on to the present day, from Saltcoats we have Steve Clarke, the Scotland football manager, and Colin Hay, singer and musician from the Australian band Men at Work—who incidentally did not come from “a land down under”, but from Saltcoats.
We have classical violinist Nicola Benedetti from West Kilbride, Olympic athlete Jemma Reekie from Beith and musicians and songwriters Gallagher and Lyle from Largs.
There are many community organisations and projects working hard in the constituency, including North Ayrshire Women’s Aid, where I served on the board for many years and was chair.
The service provides crucial support for women and children.
There are also Men’s Sheds throughout the constituency, as I think there are throughout the whole UK, doing great work promoting mental health and general wellbeing.
The 1st Alliance Credit Union in Kilwinning ensures that local people can save and access affordable loans.
In Kilbirnie there is the Radio City Association, working hard to bring community energy and the associated benefits.
We also have the award-winning SeaSalt Streets group in Saltcoats, helping to improve the town centre, and I must pay tribute to the Save Ardrossan Harbour group, fighting hard to save the Ardrossan to Brodick ferry route, which has been in existence for around 190 years.
There are many more I could mention.
Finally, I come to my home town of Saltcoats, where I have lived for most of my life.
Saltcoats is a small seaside town on the Firth of Clyde.
It was a great place to grow up, with plenty for children to do.
One feature  that I must mention is the great outdoor swimming pool, built in the 1930s, which had a beautiful art deco pavilion that would not have been out of place in the Cote d’Azur—although certainly did not have its weather.
The pool welcomed many visitors from Glasgow and beyond and was very busy all through the summer, despite the fact that it was freezing cold and sometimes people would be swimming next to a jellyfish or an eel—that was all part of the experience.
I learned to swim in the pool at a young age and have very fond memories of it.
Sadly, the beautiful art deco pavilion was demolished in the 1980s, but the swimming pool remains.
During covid, I started a campaign with other local enthusiasts to revive and reopen the pool.
We call ourselves the Splash group and we are linked with the UK Future Lidos group, which comprises other lido enthusiasts aiming to build lidos or to reopen existing ones throughout the UK and Ireland.
Outdoor swimming has never been so popular and now is definitely the time to do it.
It is good for both physical and mental health and wellbeing, and the pool would offer a safe outdoor space for swimmers.
The Splash group has been working with London architect Chris Romer-Lee and we have a visionary 21st-century design for our pool.
It would be a fantastic asset for Saltcoats and the wider North Ayrshire community.
I have given the House a tour of my constituency.
I am in this place to serve my community and my aim during this Parliament is to bring improvement and investment and to work hard to make positive change to the lives of people in North Ayrshire and Arran.