If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 November.
I begin by congratulating President-elect Trump on his historic election victory.
As the closest of allies, the UK and the US will continue to work together to protect our shared values of freedom and democracy.
Having had dinner with President-elect Trump just a few weeks ago, I look forward to working with him in the years to come.
I also welcome the Leader of the Opposition to her place—my fourth Tory leader in four and a half years.
I look forward to working with her in the interests of the British public.
This weekend is Remembrance Sunday, when people across the country will come together to pay solemn tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice in defending the values and freedoms that we enjoy today.
I am sure the entire House will join me in paying tribute to them.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
My constituent Suzanne is going to miss out on her winter fuel allowance this winter because she is just £10 above the pension credit threshold.
As well as losing out on that vital money to keep her house warm, she does not get the £150 warm home discount, the £169 free TV licence or free NHS prescriptions.
For the sake of a tenner, is this fair?
We introduced a Budget to fix the foundations of this country and to rebuild our country.
One of the issues we had to confront was the £22 billion black hole left by the last Government.
We have taken the tough decisions that will stabilise our economy.
This means we can commit to the triple lock, which means that pensioners will be better off, seeing an increase in their pension, than they would have been under the Conservative party.
Every week I meet hard-working families in Burton and Uttoxeter who are juggling raising their children with managing their family finances.
When they hear the Conservative party and its new leader say that maternity pay has “gone too far,” they are terrified about what that means for them.
To ease the worry felt by thousands of hard-working families, will the Prime Minister please confirm that he has no plans to change maternity pay or to roll back the hard-won rights of working families?