Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I wish to recognize the transformative ``Medical Debt Relief Initiative'' in Cook County, Illinois which has successfully abolished $281,338,840 of medical debt for Cook County residents.
I applaud the tireless efforts of Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle and the Cook County Board to provide much needed relief to 158,541 residents.
This innovative program, in partnership with the national nonprofit ``RIP Medical Debt,'' reallocated $12 million in American Rescue Plan Act funds to provide invaluable relief to Cook County families, many of whom are living paycheck to paycheck.
Medical debt continues to be a crisis in our country.
According to ``RIP Medical Debt,'' every day, 1 in 2 Americans must choose between paying medical bills and covering their basic needs.
This is unacceptable.
Thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, more Americans have health insurance coverage now than ever before, but despite these historic strides, costs remain a barrier to accessing high-quality healthcare.
Low and moderate-income American households continue to accrue medical debt and continue to be harmed by its financial and mental effects.
During a time of rising costs, Congress must do its part to assist working families.
We must seek bipartisan solutions to reform our healthcare system because no one should be punished for becoming sick or receiving medical care.
While we seek bipartisan policy solutions, partnerships across all levels of government should continue to facilitate medical debt relief.
This relief, such as the ``Medical Debt Relief Initiative'' in Cook County, Illinois, has the power to give economic mobility to working families and boost our economy.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I extend immense gratitude to the Cook County Board, under the direction of Cook County President Toni Preckwinkle, for being a model for other jurisdictions across the country.
I continue to seek opportunities to advance commonsense models like this one to address the medical debt crisis.