Mr. VALADAO.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to honor the life.
Fred Luther Haynes, who passed away on September 2, 2023, and to thank him for his more than 40 years of dedicated service to the Bakersfield City School District.
Dr. Haynes was born in Clarksville, Oklahoma to Harvey Haynes and Mable Haynes-Harvey.
He was the eldest of five sons.
At an early age, his mother instilled in him the value of education, which inspired him to become an educator.
He attended college at Langston University in Oklahoma, where he received his bachelor of science degree in education.
Dr. Haynes pursued his postgraduate studies at Fisk University in Tennessee, where he obtained his master's degree in education.
Over the course of his career, he earned additional credentials and teaching certificates at the California State University of Fresno and Bakersfield, Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University, and Dillard University.
In 1977, Dr. Haynes attended Brigham Young University, where he received a doctorate in education.
In 1951, Dr. Haynes married Marcy Alice Williams in Tulsa, where they would start their family of eight children.
Ten years later, he moved his family to Bakersfield, California, where he began his extensive teaching career in the Bakersfield City School District (BCSD).
Dr. Haynes was first a teacher at Colonel Baker School before becoming the school's Assistant Principal.
He later moved to the district office, where he worked as a Resource Teacher and became BCSD's first African American district-wide supervisor.
During his time as supervisor, Dr. Haynes was focused on parental involvement, even creating the Parent Involvement and Community Relation Division to strengthen the relationship between students, parents, and teachers at BCSD.
For 26 years, Dr. Haynes served as Principal across multiple BCSD elementary schools and at Emerson Jr. High School.
Throughout his tenure as Principal, Dr. Haynes was dedicated to the achievement of all students and was instrumental in district-wide changes that supported underrepresented students.
In 1996, the Dr. Fred Haynes Award was established to honor the leadership, strength, and courage displayed by Dr. Haynes over the course of his career.
Each year, the award is given to male students in the district who exhibit the qualities.
Haynes in their academic pursuits.
In 2016, Dr. Haynes was inducted into the BCSD's Hall of Fame, to honor him for his 40 years of exceptional service to the district.
After his retirement, Dr. Haynes became a Board Member for BCSD, a position he held until 2020.
As a member of the board, he continued to advocate for the well-being and success of students in the district.
Outside of the classroom, Dr. Haynes was passionate about the lives Women Trailblazer, which celebrates the sacrifices and achievements of African American women in Kern County.
He received several awards to honor his service, including awards from the NAACP, Boy Scouts of America, and the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity.