Sam worked for me from nearly the moment I became a Congresswoman-- helping us set up the Lansing office in 2019 and helping to lead it for my full first term as Team Slotkin's Deputy District Director.
Like everyone who met her, I was immediately struck by her kindness, her sharp mind, and her ever-present smile.
Though she was young, Sam came to our team already well-established, having worked for multiple members of the state legislature, as well as many different causes close to her heart.
She would go on to work for Michigan Attorney General Dana Nessel and State 
Senator Stephanie Chang, among others.
I was also struck by her profound faith; not just her personal faith in Judaism, but her profound faith in humanity.
Sam dedicated her time on my staff, and truly her entire life, to building understanding and bridges between people, and bringing light in the face of darkness.
She helped establish our first interfaith roundtable and continued that work when she left our office, serving as president of the Isaac Agree Synagogue in Detroit where she was known for her outreach and dialogue with her Muslim and Christian neighbors.
As the Detroit Jewish News noted in naming her one of the ``36 Under 36'' influential young people in the Jewish community, ``By extending her hand and creating space for connection between Muslims and Jews, she has exemplified the values of healing the world.''
She also played a vital role in the revitalization of Detroit, including the renovation and reopening of her historic synagogue just a few months ago.
It is deeply painful that we have lost someone so dedicated to healing, and connecting so many people, no matter their background, to such a destructive act.
Sam's senseless death has left a hole not just in our hearts but in the fabric of our community.
She was a beacon of light and I ask that as we grieve her loss, we recommit ourselves to the principles by which she lived.
Sam firmly believed in the power of government to do good: to lift people out of poverty, to give a voice to the voiceless, and to bring justice and equality to all.
She was deeply committed to the idea that what united us as Americans and Michiganders was much more important than the ways some try to divide us.
I send my deepest condolences to all who knew and loved her.
May her memory be a blessing forever in our hearts.