Mr. NEGUSE.
Mr. Speaker, this House is well served by the many public servants who make up the ranks of congressional staff, and I want to acknowledge the passing of one such public servant, Stan Sloss.
Stanley, or ``Stan'' as he was known to all those who worked with and knew him, grew up in Glenwood Springs, Colorado, and spent his career serving a number of Members of the U.S. House and the U.S. Senate who represented Colorado and Alaska.
He was a legislative director to former 
Representative David Skaggs and former 
Senator Mark Udall, who both, at the time Stan worked for them, represented the Second Congressional District of Colorado--a district that I am proud to represent.
Stan dedicated his life to public service having spent 37 years in various roles in Congress.
When he retired, at age 70, then Senator Mark Udall, provided a tribute to Stan in a floor speech, in which he captured the essence of what made Stan so respected and admired.
Those who had the benefit of working with Stan during his time in Congress can attest to the sentiments reflected in that tribute.
As Sen. Mark Udall and Rep. David Skaggs noted in their remarks, Stan was adept at drafting legislation and constructing public policies that were examples of legal rigor and textual precision to achieve the desired objectives of those seeking quality solutions to challenging issues.
His work has stood the test of time and is a model for all of us as we work together to address the needs of our constituents and the goals of our nation.
But it was his integrity, his willingness to work with all sides, his respect of others' opinions, and his personal approach of patience and good humor that he brought to all of his endeavors that will be most remembered by those who worked with him and valued his expertise and friendship.
Stan is survived by his sister Ellie Hanlon, as well as other family members and everyone fortunate enough to have known and worked with him.
Stan set the standard for professionalism, decorum, patience, and perfected the skill of staffing congressional Members and mentoring those who wished to learn what it takes to succeed in Congress and crafting enduring and effective public policy.