How many trade deals have been agreed since 2019.
We have secured trade deals with 70 countries, including the EU, since 2019—partners that accounted for £1.1 trillion of UK bilateral trade in 2022.
As I mentioned earlier, in March we concluded negotiations with the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, the UK’s biggest trade deal since Brexit.
In addition, we have signed five new comprehensive trade deals tailored to the UK—those with Japan, Australia and New Zealand; a groundbreaking digital economy agreement with Singapore, and a digital trade agreement with Ukraine—as well as the programme of 63 non-EU continuity agreements.
The post-Brexit developing countries trading scheme, which was alluded to in earlier questions, covers 65 developing countries and 3.3 billion people.
Will my right hon.
Friend spell out exactly what the benefits are for businesses and consumers in Hinckley and Bosworth, and the UK, and can she confirm that that is a more generous scheme than the EU scheme that we left?
I can confirm that our offer is now more generous than what the EU offers in terms of market access—for example, we allow the least developed countries to source raw materials from other markets and still import goods tariff-free.
Overall, my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be pleased to know that the trade preferences in the developing countries trading scheme reduce import costs by more than £770 million a year.
That is key because it helps to reduce prices and increase choice for UK businesses and consumers, and to tackle inflation, particularly for the highest-sold items such as clothes and food.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with European countries.
Europe remains a vital export destination for British businesses, with exports of £401 billion in 2022, an increase of 26% on the previous year in current prices.
Only this week, I attended the OECD small and medium-sized enterprise conference, which dealt largely with international barriers to trade.
We are determined to remove market barriers to make it easier, particularly for SMEs, to trade across borders.
On the subject of barriers to trade, not only is our world-leading cultural sector valuable in itself for our soft power, but it is an important part of our export trade.
But our musicians face unnecessary red tape when trying to tour Europe.
We need an EU-wide visa waiver for touring artists.
The Secretary of State said earlier that her Department “works closely with musicians”, so what is it actually doing to resolve this problem?
I know that my colleagues at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport are working hard with our European counterparts to try to ease the difficulties in that area—we recognise it as a problem.
Many positive things are happening in current trade with the EU.
Indeed, in 2022, the north-west—the hon.
Gentleman’s region—exported £33 billion-worth of goods and £24.5 billion-worth of services, which is the area he is referring to.
The north-west is the third largest area in the country for services exported to the EU.
What progress she has made on improving market access to the US.
As part of the Atlantic declaration, we launched negotiations on a critical minerals agreement with the US, which will secure market access for a strategically important sector of the UK economy.
My Department has secured tariff-free imports of UK steel and aluminium into the US, supporting 80,000 jobs in UK supply chains.
We have removed the 25-year US ban on UK lamb, opening the market to 300 million US customers, and have signed five trade and economic development memorandums of understanding with individual US states, which imported £4.6 billion-worth of goods from the UK in 2022, most recently last week with Utah.
In their 2019 election manifesto, the Conservatives declared to the British people: “Our goals for British trade are… ambitious.
We aim to have 80 per cent of UK trade covered by free trade agreements within the next three years, starting with the USA”.
However, there has been abject failure, with a free trade agreement nowhere in sight, and instead of coming clean on their incompetence, laughingly, Tories are now lining up to blame the Biden Administration for the lack of progress.
Will the Secretary of State concede that the Government’s failure to negotiate an FTA with the USA has potentially locked out British businesses from vital new markets created by the US Inflation Reduction Act?
I am afraid that is not the case at all.
If the hon.
Gentleman looks at the detail of the Atlantic declaration, he will see that we are co-operating very closely with the US.
On his point about our 2019 manifesto, we did say that that was what we were going to do, because the Administration at the time were willing.
This Administration are not.
It has nothing to do with the UK.
They are not negotiating any FTAs with any countries.
That is what the US trade representative has said to me in many meetings, and they have said that to EU counterparts.
If what the hon.
Gentleman suggests is true, he is basically saying that every Government should be bound by their predecessor, in which case, should anything happen, he is saying that he agrees with everything this Government are doing and nothing should change.
What we have negotiated with the Atlantic declaration is a success, and he should be praising this Government for achieving something so monumental.
I draw the House’s attention to my interest as the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to the United States for regional trade and investment.
Our programme of MOUs with states in the United States is a major driver of improving market access and trade between the UK and the US.
As I embark on a visit to Florida to advance our objectives there, will  my right hon.
Friend use this opportunity to reaffirm not just that we want to enter into multiple MOUs with states in the United States, but that we want British businesses to step up to the opportunities they create and we want to create the mechanisms to allow business-to-business delivery?
Absolutely, I can affirm that.
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point about the MOUs.
The Opposition would like to present a false story about us not getting along with our US counterparts.
The fact that so many states, knowing that their Federal Government are not negotiating an FTA, have decided to step up and negotiate MOUs with us shows that this country is still attracting a large amount of investment and co-operation from our international partners.
We want British businesses to be able to take part in that, and we are doing everything we can to help them use the MOUs.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week, I was pleased to lead discussions with international partners and businesses at the Ukraine recovery conference and welcomed the Prime Minister of Ukraine and First Deputy Prime Minister to Mansion House, alongside over 150 companies, showcasing how UK companies in our private sector can use their ingenuity and expertise to support the reconstruction of Ukraine.
I was very proud to announce that the UK Government have backed a £26.3 million equivalent loan, which is an unprecedented transaction; the Business Bridge Ukraine platform, matching Ukrainian businesses with complementary partners; the UK-Ukraine tech bridge, to bring together UK and Ukrainian tech businesses to harness opportunities for innovation and collaboration; and the London conference framework on war risk insurance.
Recent research by a former chief competition economist to the European Commission—shared with me by Unite the union—estimates that average UK mobile phone bills could rise by up to £300 a year in the case of a merger between Three and Vodafone.
Is the Secretary of State aware of that risk, and will her Department be taking any action to prevent such a merger, which would be disastrous for competition in the mobile network operator sector?
The hon.
Lady will know that we have an independent regulator, the Competition and Markets Authority, which would look at cases such as the one she raises and make a call on whether it would be harmful or beneficial to the UK economy.
I trust the CMA—it has been doing a good job so far—and I look forward to seeing its read-outs on forthcoming mergers and proposals by large businesses in our country.
Morocco is very much looking to do more trade and business with the United Kingdom.
What are the Government doing to enable that country to do so?
The UK is absolutely committed to enhancing trade with Morocco.
In 2022 we did about £3.1 billion-worth of bilateral trade—up nearly 50% on 2021—and we are using our association agreement with Morocco to boost that even further.
In February I visited Morocco and met my counterpart to discuss how we can maximise trade, including by tackling barriers in priority areas such as education, renewable energy and infrastructure.
We are also supporting British businesses to take advantage of the significant opportunities in Morocco, including through £4.5 billion of available finance through the excellent UK Export Finance.