My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to press us on this.
We need to do this as quickly as possible and we are keen, as I have said, to do that.
Similar work does require updating HMRC IT systems and parliamentary consideration is, of course, required for secondary legislation.
There are seven pieces of secondary legislation, and support is needed for employers and payroll providers to implement the changes.
We cannot introduce this mid-year; it has to be at the start of the year.
I therefore think it very unlikely that we will be able to do that before April 2025.
What steps her Department is taking to support the battery sector.
I recently visited Williams Advanced Engineering, an excellent example of British engineers working at the cutting edge of battery technology, including on projects benefiting from the Faraday battery challenge.
The Government’s £541 million Faraday battery challenge has supported more than 140 organisations working across the UK, attracting over £400 million in co-investment, and enabled 500 researchers across more than 25 universities to improve and develop battery technologies.
We know that the United Kingdom needs more battery production facilities in order to achieve net zero and build an automotive industry that is fit for the future.
On the Blyth estuary, we have the best site in the UK for high-volume battery manufacturing, with green power supplies, a deep-water port, and a talented and willing workforce.
Does the Minister agree that it is vital that this Government grasp the opportunity and do all that they can to bring much-needed new green jobs to south-east Northumberland?
Yes, of course, I do agree with my hon.
Friend.
I know that Blyth has an excellent location for a gigafactory.
I just want him to know, as he represents that constituency, that we continue to work closely with the local authority to secure the best outcome for that site.
Will the Secretary of State be slightly cautious about a battery-driven future?
I recently visited JCB, which has developed a hydrogen combustion engine that is working well with heavy vehicles.
Hydrogen is moving very fast indeed.
Will she encourage the production of hydrogen and visit JCB just to see the really innovative work that it is doing?
Will she stop the Transport Minister in the House of Lords dissing hydrogen as ineffective?
Far be it from me to stop our noble Friends in the other place from doing what they think is right.
None the less, I do agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
My view is, let a thousand flowers bloom.
Hydrogen is one of the viable ways of helping us to get to net zero, and the Government are looking at all possible options to make sure that we support the cutting-edge technology that will get us to our green transition.
What the value of exports to the EU was in (a) 2016, (b) 2019 and (c) the last year for which data is available.
The value of UK exports, measured in current prices, to the EU—including goods and services—was £247 billion in 2016, £298 billion in 2019, and £340 billion in 2022.
The EU remains the UK’s largest export market, receiving 42% of UK exports in 2022.
That is all very interesting, because, during the Brexit referendum, “Project Fear” told us that if we left the EU, millions of people would lose their jobs, our exports would collapse, and the economy would go into freefall.
Here in 2023, with us outside the European Union, employment is at record highs and unemployment at record lows, the eurozone is in recession and we are not, and our exports to the EU are at record levels.
Is it not now demonstrably true that we are always going to be better off out?
As Churchill once said, the pessimist sees a crisis in every opportunity, but the optimist, which my hon.
Friend is, sees an opportunity in every crisis.
The UK’s total exports have recovered to pre-pandemic levels measured against 2018.
In 2022 UK exports were £815 billion, up 21% in current prices and up 0.5% once adjusted for inflation.
There is no doubt that UK exports are excelling and will continue to do so.