Since 2019, food prices in the UK have rocketed by 26%, a figure that is among the highest in the G7, yet the Prime Minister’s plans for new border checks on highly perishable food from Europe could push prices up again.
A veterinary agreement would cut the cost of bringing food into Britain from Europe.
Given that many families are already struggling to put enough food on the table and that every significant business organisation supports a veterinary agreement with the EU, why will the Secretary of State not take the sensible and pragmatic step of starting negotiations for such an agreement?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that discussions are happening on an ongoing basis with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office about the trade and co-operation agreement and other matters.
We have very constructive dialogue with our EU partners.
In fact, the Secretary of State and I had a meeting with the EU ambassadors just yesterday.
As for our achievements since leaving the EU, it is important to stress one thing: we have been laser-focused on making sure that the benefits are for the British consumers.
We have got rid of thousands and thousands of tariffs.
We have liberalised tariffs, reduced them or eliminated them altogether.
For example, to compare us with the EU, 27% of the EU’s current external tariffs are zero-rated, whereas the proportion for the UK is 47%.
We are significantly reducing tariffs, which is in the best interests of the British consumer, as a result of leaving the European Union.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with African countries.
To increase and grow trade with Africa, we are using our nine trade agreements, covering 18 African nations.
In April 2024, the Prime Minister will host the second UK-Africa investment summit to showcase investment opportunities and advance two-way trade.
Just this month, we launched the developing countries trading scheme, which covers 65 countries, including 37 African countries.
That is all good news, particularly the developing countries trading scheme.
I was recently in Ethiopia for a trade visit.
Can the Minister tell me how the developing countries trading scheme, in particular, will help Ethiopia?