The Minister said that she recognises the vital role that steel plays in this country, but the UK is the only country in the G20 where steel production is falling.
It is also the only G7 country whose Government do not insist on using domestically produced steel in defence contracts.
Meanwhile, UK steel producers pay 62% more than their German counterparts for electricity.
Labour’s £3 billion green steel plan will give our industry the bright future that other countries are offering their steel sectors.
Labour believes in our steel; why do this Government not?
I am not sure where Labour Members will get the money to fund that programme of work.
I have not even got to the end of reading this paper but they will probably U-turn by the time I do, so I am not sure how sensible it is going to be.
We have provided more than £1 billion for decarbonisation, unprecedented support to help with energy costs, and just recently, there was fantastic news from Celsa, when it was able to repay a Government loan of £30 million that we provided to them, sensibly spending taxpayers’ money.
There is and always has been support available.
When it comes to procurement, it is absolutely right that we do everything we can to make sure that we have UK firms procuring UK steel.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of her Department’s trade policies on food prices.
We recognise the important role that trade can play in improving food security.
That is why our trade policy aims to help people to access good-quality and good-value food.
Our free trade agreements help to remove market access barriers, supporting our importers and exporters.
The new developing countries trading scheme, for example, reduces tariffs on nearly £1.4 billion-worth of agriculture goods, and we work with international partners, including at the World Trade Organisation, to remove trade barriers and strengthen the UK’s global food supply.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer, but Melissa Leach, the director of the Institute of Development Studies, has spoken about the need to increase access to affordable, nutritious food.
She said: “Over the last decade, charities have stepped in to plug the gaps left by the state but this is not an acceptable or sustainable way to address the growing prevalence of hunger”.
Does the Minister accept that his Government’s commitment to Brexit has led to increasing prices of food that is imported and has contributed to food poverty in the UK?
The hon.
Gentleman will be well aware that food price inflation is not unique to the UK; it is a global phenomenon that we all face.
Actually, food price inflation peaked at 19.2% in the EU and at 19.2% in the UK, so we are facing the same problems.
However, we have provided more than £94 billion-worth of support precisely to help the most vulnerable in society.
There are many factors impacting food inflation, not least increasing global input costs, but surely the most important thing that my hon.
Friend’s Department can do to shore up British agriculture and have a positive impact on food prices is to carry on, full speed ahead, getting the new trade deals that will see British first-class produce sold as a premium product worldwide.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
It is really important that we have support across the House for these important trade deals.
They are good for the British economy, particularly good for British farmers, and good for prices in the UK.
I hope, at some point, to see the Opposition parties supporting one of these important deals, which are transparently in the interests of British consumers in every nation and region of the United Kingdom.