My Norwegian constituent has made her life here with her Scottish husband and their son.
She should be welcomed, but she had to win her right to residence via the courts.
Six months on, her life is in limbo because the Home Office has not issued a biometric residence permit, which is preventing her from working, from accessing healthcare and from leaving the country.
Can we have a statement on Home Office timescales for issuing residence permits?
What can be done to expedite matters for my constituent, whose lawyer says this is the worst delay he has ever encountered?
I am sorry to hear about that unfortunate case.
The hon.
Gentleman will know, because I have advertised it many times—including, I think, to him—that the Home Office is offering surgeries and bespoke services to all Members, either face-to-face or remotely.
He will know that Home Office questions are on Monday, and I encourage him to raise this matter with the Home Secretary and her Ministers.
I preface my remarks by saying that I completely appreciate how busy Ministers are and the workload they carry, which is why I have never before raised such a concern in Parliament.
On Sunday, there was a demonstration by detainees at Harmondsworth detention centre in my constituency.
I emailed the relevant Minister on the various email accounts that are available to us, and I simply wanted to know what was happening.
I was concerned about the  welfare of the detainees and staff, many of whom are my constituents, and I received no response on Sunday.
I thought that, in the normal run of things, we would have had either an oral or written statement on Monday, as we have had in the past.
Nothing happened, so we contacted the Minister’s office again.
Nothing happened on Tuesday, so we contacted the office again, and no response.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I also sought to raise the matter in the House on Tuesday, but other business understandably took precedence.
I contacted the Minister’s office on Wednesday and basically said that, if I had not heard anything by noon, I would be raising a point of order.
Twenty minutes before noon, I received a reply, which was inaccurate.
I understand how busy people are, but this is just unacceptable behaviour when I have constituents and others contacting me about this incident.
There are continuing problems, so I ask the Leader of the House, first, to raise this with the Ministers concerned and say that this behaviour is not acceptable.
Secondly, I would welcome a debate in the House on what is happening at Harmondsworth, because there are continuing concerns about the welfare of both detainees and staff, and this has continued year after year without resolution.
I am sorry to hear about the right hon.
Gentleman’s experience.
When there are particular incidents and situations, it is important that Members are able to get hold of the relevant people quickly, whether that be officials or Ministers.
If he could take the trouble to send me an email with the details of what happened, I would be very happy to raise it with the Department.
I support the Leader of the House, and I am very concerned.
Where a Member sees a serious incident in their constituency, I thought duty Ministers were available 24 hours a day.
If  the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell)  is unhappy, he should come back to me.
I will be supporting the Leader of the House to ensure that Members are treated with the respect they are due.
We should make sure Ministers are accountable on serious incidents.
I add my condolences to the families of Winnie Ewing and Craig Brown.
Scotland has lost two legends, of politics and football, this week.
The Immigration Minister’s answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow Central (Alison Thewliss)  on Tuesday drew a pretty furious response from the Scottish Refugee Council, among others.
The Minister said that “the SNP does not house refugees in Scotland.”—[Official
Report,  27 June 2023 ; Vol. 735, c. 152.]
The truth is that Scotland has housed more Syrian and Ukrainian refugees per head than his own Government.
Moreover, the largest hotel for asylum seekers in the UK is in my constituency.
This needs to stop.
Mr Speaker, when you and your deputies are asked about the accuracy of a ministerial response, you rightly say it is not a matter for the Chair.
May I therefore ask the Leader of the House for a debate on changing the Standing Orders of this House so that we can make Ministers more accountable for the answers they give at the Dispatch Box?
That is a timely question, because the Procedure Committee has just produced a report on “Correcting the record”.
Its recommendations are that the obligations on Ministers should be extended to all Members of this House.
We take these matters very seriously.
It is clear that if incorrect information has been given to the House—I do not know the details of the particular matter the hon.
Gentleman raises—the record should be corrected, and in my experience that is what Ministers do.
I recently met a group of residents who live in a new build block that has a heat network.
That means that they cannot access the domestic energy market and are not protected by the price cap, which leads to extortionate costs.
More than 50% of London’s 200,000 homes supplied by heat networks are social housing, meaning that some of the poorest Londoners have been subject to uncapped bills.
May we please have a debate on what can be done to protect those users from the wildly fluctuating energy market?