The Secretary of State earlier told my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gordon (Richard Thomson)  that she did not accept that Brexit was having a negative impact on the Scottish seafood industry.
It is a bit like saying she does not accept that the earth is round—although, admittedly, sometimes people on her Back Benches need to be persuaded of that.
If she does not think that Brexit is having a negative impact on the Scottish seafood industry, does she think it has been positive, or does she think there has not been any change at all?
The hon.
Gentleman is entitled to his opinion, as I am entitled to mine.
He has done absolutely nothing except try to re-litigate Brexit over and over again.
The fact is that we are not going back into the EU.
We are using our independent trade policy, negotiating with countries around the world and delivering more for the UK as well as for Scotland.
Scottish businesses are happy with what we are doing, and in particular they are happy that the grown-ups in Westminster have stopped them making the catastrophic decisions that are destroying the internal market.
Is the Secretary of State aware of just how much influence the Chinese Government and Chinese companies have on our economy?
Is she aware that many times I have asked for an audit of how big that influence is?
Does she share the concern of many businesses in our country that the Chinese Government are using subterfuge and espionage to further their interests?
That’s three questions—pick whichever one.
I do not think we need an audit.
China is our fourth largest export market, and we are aware of the economic challenge that it poses across the world.
We work with countries across the world, but we have a pragmatic relationship with China.
We need to use our influence to help them get to a better place, but I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point.[Official Report,  4 September 2023 , Vol. 737, c. 2MC.]
How does it help UK Steel to decarbonise, or help the UK to reclaim its position of global leadership in reducing climate emissions, to support the opening of a sure-to-be-doomed new coalmine in west Cumbria?
I do not think the hon.
Gentleman has ever had a positive story to tell about his region, let alone his constituency.
We have a positive story on steel, and we have the same challenges as most countries in trying to deal with decarbonisation.
We have issues around energy costs that we have been providing all our advanced manufacturing sectors with, and we want to ensure that we diversify our access to different forms of energy.
Going back to Brexit, can the Secretary of State name one Scottish sheep farmer who is happy with the Brexit  deal, or any seafood producers and exporters that she spoke to who are happy with Brexit?
Can she name any Scottish farming sectors that are happy with Brexit?
It is not my job to memorise names of Scottish businesses, and just as I said in response to a previous question, SNP Members are not serious.
Perhaps if they stood up and actually represented their businesses in trying to make use of all the opportunities we have, they would be in a better place.
When it comes to increasing trade with African countries, what steps are being taken to ensure that increased trade is carried out with companies that take human rights seriously and are ethically aware in the treatment of their workers?
We are an advocate around the world for human rights.
That is something that the Government take seriously and discuss across Government, including with trading partners with whom, as I said, we can have frank conversations.
Through other bodies and institutions, including the work done by the Commonwealth, we continue to have those frank conversations.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During Question Time this morning, the Minister for Industry and Economic Security,  the hon.
Member for Wealden (Ms Ghani) , appears to have been confused about the nature of oral questions.
I asked a supplementary question, which was ostensibly a polite request to meet the Minister to discuss matters of importance to my constituents.
In her response, she chose to use a pejorative insult—clearly intended to be an insult—and that does not reflect well on the Government.
I am a Member of this Parliament, just as any other Member, and I deserve to be able to ask questions about the interests of my constituency without that kind of harassment.
She accused me of nationalism, but I suggest that the only nationalism on display is from those Benches— Order.
I do not know whether the Minister wants to respond.
indicated dissent.
If not, there was nothing disorderly, and I cannot continue the debate.
What I can say is that the hon.
Member has certainly put his view on the record.
10.33 am Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for next week is as follows: Monday 3 July —Second Reading of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters)
Bill.
Tuesday 4 July —Estimates day (4th allotted day).
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Department for Work and Pensions; and the Ministry of Justice, in so far as it relates to His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service.
Wednesday 5 July —Estimates day (5th allotted day).
There will be debates on estimates relating to the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, in so far as it relates to energy infrastructure; and the Department for Education, in so far as it relates to adult education, post-16 education, further education and colleges.
At 7 pm, the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Thursday 6 July —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates) (No. 2) Bill; followed by a general debate on building safety and social housing, to mark six years since the Grenfell Tower tragedy; followed by a motion on the role and status of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.
The subjects for those debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 7 July —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  10 July  includes: Monday 10 July —Debate on the first special report of the Committee of Privileges; followed by remaining stages of the Electronic Trade Documents Bill
[Lords]; followed by Second Reading of the Northern Ireland Budget (No. 2) Bill.