This week, the European Council adopted the EU’s free trade agreement with New Zealand, which includes dedicated sustainable  food systems chapters, a dedicated trade and gender equality article, and a provision on trade and fossil fuel subsidies reforms.
Can the Secretary of State explain why our trade deal with New Zealand, if it is so good, fell so far short on those issues?
I think the hon.
Gentleman will find that, actually, the trade deal we negotiated with New Zealand makes things cheaper for our consumers, not more expensive, it is less protectionist and it is helping to improve relations between us and New Zealand.
I disagree with his assessment of the EU-New Zealand free trade agreement: we looked at it and were actually quite pleased with what we got.
I am concerned that the UK is being left behind on hydrogen internal combustion engines.
The EU and the USA are now recognising hydrogen combustion engines as zero emission, but the UK is refusing, which means that the automotive transformation fund for industrialising the technology is not available.
I am working with brilliant companies such as BorgWarner in Stonehouse and the Renewable Hydrogen Alliance to raise this issue.
I have spoken to the Secretary of State for Transport and I am raising it with the Prime Minister; I hope that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade will use her brilliant brains on this matter too.
I hope that my hon.
Friend will allow me to use my brain to help unlock this with the Department for Transport.
We have the automotive transformation fund and the Advanced Propulsion Centre, so we are doing a huge amount of work in this space to ensure that we are not only on the cutting edge of electric zero-emission vehicles, but looking at what the opportunities are for hydrogen.
We do not want to be left behind anywhere in this space, but we do need to align ourselves with the rest of our Departments, and I will do so.
The Fresh Produce Consortium, which represents 70% of the UK’s fresh produce supply chain, recently warned that post-Brexit import charges will hit small and medium-sized enterprises the hardest.
Does the Minister accept that the post-Brexit trade deals are driving up already soaring food prices, as well as hitting small food producers at a time when they are facing real difficulties as a result of increased operating costs?
It should be transparently clear that the UK is conducting trade deals that are in the UK’s economic interests.
That is the criterion: we would not do them if they were not in the UK’s interests.
We are therefore working really hard, with a particular focus on opportunities for SMEs to trade not only with the EU but right around the world, where there are immense opportunities for further trade.
We will continue to pursue opportunities in south Asia, Africa and South America—all over the world—where we have not taken full advantage of those opportunities.
This will benefit many SMEs, including food and beverage producers, in the long term.
Over a third of the value of every Airbus sold in the world comes from the United Kingdom’s aerospace manufacturing—whether  it is wings, engines, landing gear or other avionics—but all of the Airbus sales are recorded in international statistics as exports from France because the final take-off is from Toulouse.
What can the Department do to try to make sure that the value of these exports, especially to the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region, is recognised as being partly from the UK?
This is a great opportunity to talk about Airbus’s 500-plane deal with Indian airline IndiGo.
It is the largest aviation deal in history, and it has been done on our watch.
We are providing the certainty that businesses need in order to go out and confidently secure such contracts.
A lot of the jobs will be in the UK, but I will take away what my hon.
Friend said, because we want to be able to show precisely the level of investment in the UK and the number of jobs that are created by this deal.
Order.
I remind Ministers that they should be speaking to me, not to the Back Benches.