The Scottish seafood industry has been hit with an estimated 50% increase in the cost of packaging owing to the requirement—thanks to the form of Brexit chosen by this Government—for export health certificates with every consignment.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the form of Brexit that was chosen, and in particular the failure to align in respect of sanitary and phytosanitary matters, is adding costs to Scotland’s iconic seafood sector at a time when it can barely afford to absorb such costs?
No, I do not accept that at all.
If anything, what is increasing the costs is what the Scottish Government have been doing in relation to the deposit return scheme.
While complaining about our divergence between here and the EU, they are trying to split the UK single market, and we are not going to let them do that.
What steps she is taking to help the steel industry to decarbonise.
The Paris agreement made clear that the steel industry needs to cut emissions by 93% by 2050, and the Government recognise the vital role that the steel sector plays in our economy.
The 2021 net zero strategy sets out our aim to make the transition to a low-carbon economy, and reaffirms our commitment to continuing to work with the steel industry on decarbonisation.
Hundreds of steelworkers gathered in Westminster yesterday to make absolutely clear their feeling that the Government are not doing enough, particularly in comparison with competitor nations, when it comes to investment in the transition to decarbonised steel.
The numbers do not lie.
The Government are also worryingly slow in introducing a carbon border adjustment mechanism.
UK Steel has estimated that nearly 23 million tonnes of non-EU steel could flood the UK market if the UK fails to introduce its own carbon border adjustment mechanism at the same time as the EU in 2026.
When will we see the Government stepping up and investing in green steel as is being done in competitor countries, and when can we expect the introduction of a British CBAM?
We have been supporting the steel industry, with more than £1 billion available in grants to help decarbonise the sector and the provision of more than £730 million to cover energy costs since 2013.
The CBAM is clearly an issue for many countries, not just ours.
We have just finished one consultation, and will produce a response in due course.
A transitional reporting phase is due to start in October, with full introduction in 2026.
The EU is still developing details about CBAM implementation, and has a consultation open on proposed reporting requirements until  11 July .
I know that the hon.
Member chairs the all-party parliamentary group for steel and metal related industries, and I urge him to ensure that all businesses express their views as strongly as possible.
I think we are meeting on Monday to make sure that we can provide a substantial response.