I say again that UK trade with the EU has recovered to pre-pandemic levels when measured in current prices, worth £772 billion in 2022, 14% higher in current prices than in 2018.
We are making significant progress, not just with the European Union but with the rest of the world.
We see our place in the world as being able to trade with the entire world, not just focusing entirely on the EU.
What steps she is taking to help support the steel industry.
The Government are actively engaging with the steel industry for a sustainable future, and my right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary recently visited Tata and British Steel to see work that is under way.
Since 2020 the Government have provided some £35 million in direct funding to support steel producers, on top of the hundreds of millions of pounds in energy price relief for the sector since 2013.
I echo the earlier comments of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock)  on the greater need for support to help our steel sector decarbonise.
Steelworkers from my constituency rallied  in Parliament Square yesterday, calling for the Government to support our steel sector, yet they will have heard the Prime Minister’s poor response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  at Prime Minister’s questions, when he merely referred to pre-existing packages of support and funding that was not exclusive to steel in the first place.
When will the Government accept the scale of the challenge and commit to helping?
We accept the scale of the challenge; it is a global challenge to decarbonise the sector and many countries are feeling it.
However, a potential £1 billion in support is not a small measure—it is a large measure.
Dealing with the procurement process to ensure that we have UK contractors securing UK steel in their programmes of work is not a small task, nor is dealing with energy prices.
We have provided more than £730 million.
When the sector needs support and we know it is a valid use of taxpayers’ money, we have stepped in, such as with the more than £30 million in Government loans to Celsa Steel in 2020.
That secured 1,800 jobs, and the money has been returned to the taxpayer.
We are more than happy to work with the hon.
Lady and all Members who have steel firms in their constituencies, but we are going to provide steady support for the long term.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce potential barriers to trade for Cornish businesses.
We are targeting a global hit list of barriers whose removal will deliver massive new opportunities for UK businesses throughout the country, including in Cornwall.
It is estimated that that will be worth more than £20 billion over five years.
The Government are working to open up new markets, including for Cornish farmers.
British lamb is now being exported to America for the first time in over 20 years, and British beef is being sent to the Philippines.
Many of the businesses in my constituency pay an additional tax by way of a toll to cross the Tamar, which can run into many thousands of pounds for them.
What representations has the Department made to the Department for Transport to have that additional tax, which can make it harder to compete with firms in the rest of the UK, removed?