I would like to begin by paying tribute to former Scotland manager Craig Brown, one of two great Scots we lost this week.
Winifred Margaret Ewing changed the course of Scottish politics when she won her triumphant by-election victory to this place in Hamilton in 1967.
Winnie had the distinction of serving across three different Parliaments and opening the Scottish Parliament in 1999.
There is no one who did more to popularise and internationalise the cause of Scottish independence.
We will miss her greatly.
In Scotland this week, the iconic Caledonian Sleeper rail service was returned to public ownership, where it joined ScotRail, LNER—London North Eastern Railway—Northern Rail, Southeastern, Transport for Wales and TransPennine Express.
Although they are often referred to as operators of last resort, experience shows that they make excellent operators of first resort.
Perhaps the conclusion to draw is that some things just naturally belong in public ownership, like the water industry in Scotland.
Given the current travails of Thames Water, may I suggest that the Leader of the House make time available for a debate on why the public interest should always take precedence over private profit not only in the rail sector but in the provision of water?
I understand that it is the Leader of the House’s custom and practice to spend almost as much time responding to what the SNP spokesperson says as criticising public services in Scotland.
Before she gets to that, may I ask that she make time for debates on why six police forces in England continue to remain in special measures and why a report published today shows that NHS staff sickness in England has hit a record high, so that we can find out what the Government intend to do about it?
This is the first time that I have had the honour of responding for my party at business questions.
As much as I am looking forward to the Leader of the House’s responses, I am looking forward very much to the inevitable YouTube clip that will follow.
In Victorian times, similarly sensationalist outputs were often referred to as “penny dreadfuls”.
I very much hope that the Leader of the House does not disappoint in that regard.
I shall try to rise to the challenge.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for stepping in today.
May I start by welcoming the fantastic export figures that Scotland recently announced?
They are a fantastic tribute to Scotland’s incredible creative businesses and producers, and I congratulate them on that.
I very much enjoyed the hon.
Gentleman’s discussing rail travel in Scotland with no regard to the Scottish nationalist Government’s record on ScotRail.
While we are on the topic of transport, I was briefly cheered this week that ferry services—[Interruption.]
No, this is good news.
I was cheered that ferry services were being stood up on the Uist route, but then news reached me that, due to demand outstripping availability, anyone in a camper van was not allowed to use them.
I am sure it is nothing personal.
I do not wish to give a long answer, as it would upset the hon.
Gentleman and you, Mr Speaker, although I am very sorry that again the SNP has taken an enormous amount of time over the past week to discuss independence but not cancer care, drug deaths, failing education standards, violent crime—at its highest since 2014—or its dismal record on climate change policies.
I hope it will get back soon to talking about the issues that constituents are facing.
This morning, I spoke to a national police conference about the police’s new powers, under my Marriage and Civil Partnership (Minimum Age) Act 2022, which came into force this year, to tackle child marriage.
The school summer holidays are traditionally when many young girls and boys are taken abroad to be married.
Please could we have a statement about the preparations made to prevent child marriages this summer, including through criminal charges against those seeking to arrange such marriages?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for her continued efforts on this very important matter.
She will know that our dedicated forced marriage unit helps hundreds of victims a year and is providing support and advice to anyone in the UK.
She will also know that the next Home Office questions are on Monday; I encourage her to raise this matter there, but I will also ensure that the Home Secretary has heard her desire for an update.