The Backbench Business Committee formally agreed this week that, if awarded the time, on  Thursday 13 July  two debates will be held on behalf of the Liaison Committee.
The subjects will be the second report of the Foreign Affairs Committee, “The cost of complacency: illicit finance and the war in Ukraine”, and the third report from the Health and Social Care Committee, “Workforce: recruitment, training and retention in health and social care”.
If we are awarded the time, it is our intention to hold the second Sir David Amess memorial debate, otherwise known as matters to be raised before the forthcoming Adjournment, on the last day before the summer recess.
As chair of the all-party group for football supporters, may I express my sympathy for the family of Craig Brown?
He always struck me as a football manager who, in dire circumstances, would keep his head when all around were losing theirs.
He was a bastion of  football and a manager of great renown for about four decades.
I send my sympathy to his family.
He was a rock of Scottish football.
Yesterday, at Prime Minister’s questions, I asked the Prime Minister whether he would find time for primary legislation on the scourge of the indeterminate number of youngsters—roughly 140,000—who are missing from school altogether in England.
The Education Secretary nodded when I asserted, having been told by the Minister for Schools, that primary legislation would be required to set up a national register to track those children and first, keep them safe, and secondly, try to get them into education.
Will the Leader of the House please use her efforts in Cabinet to find time for primary legislation for this very important piece of work?
May I join the tributes paid by the hon.
Gentleman and  the hon.
Member for Midlothian (Owen Thompson)  to Craig Brown?
I am sure the whole House would want to join those sentiments.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns)  for the helpful advert of forthcoming debates that his Committee is looking to schedule.
I also thank him for his support and ideas about the Westminster Hall sitting hours changes that we have made this week—all credit to him for that suggestion and innovation.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise this very important issue of so-called ghost children.
It is vital that local authorities really understand where those children are and whether they are in school settings that are not Ofsted inspected, as opposed to being home schooled.
I know that the Education Secretary is looking at this matter with urgency.
I have had discussions with her and her officials about it.
The hon.
Gentleman is right about primary legislation, but we are also looking at the data held by different Departments to help us get a clearer picture now of where those children are.
I strongly agree with doing something for the children missing from education.
May I ask the Leader of the House what the Government can do to assist local authorities in getting education, health and care plans completed within the 20-week guidelines?
Very few local authorities—sadly, including mine—are managing to do that.
It really matters.
I have one primary school where 17 of the 27 children arriving in year R in September have some level of special educational needs and disabilities, and five have statements.
There will be a £30,000 extra cost out of existing budgets just for that one class alone.
Could we please have a statement from the Government, or time to debate this issue, to see what we can do to assist local authorities with those challenging issues?
My hon.
Friend has raised a very important matter.
As he will know, we are providing support through reforms, but we are providing workforce support as well.
We are setting up regional expert partnerships through the £70 million change programme, and in order to increase specialist provision locally we are investing £2.6 billion in new special school and alternative provision places.
That includes 33 new special schools, with a further 49 in the pipeline.
Provision is vital, as is ensuring that people have access to it.
We are also providing an additional 5,000 early years special  educational needs co-ordinators.
I shall ensure that the Department for Education knows of my hon.
Friend’s interest in this vital issue.
On  21 February  this year, during a Home Office statement on the Plymouth shootings in which we lost five people, the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire,  the right hon.
Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , said that it would take the Home Office 60 days to reply to the inquest findings, including a report from the coroner on how to avert any further such tragedy.
That 60-day period expired today.
We were promised another oral statement and a chance for Members to scrutinise the Government’s response, but that response has been downgraded to a written ministerial statement, which means that Members of Parliament—including local MPs such as me—cannot ask questions on behalf of the families who are grieving and who want to avert a repeat of this tragedy.
When will we have opportunities to bring Home Office Ministers to the House to ask them why they rejected so many of the coroner’s recommendations, which would have made gun laws better and safer for all our communities so that a tragedy such as the one we saw in Plymouth could never be repeated?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised a vital matter.
Public safety is an issue for all of us, but for the families left grieving in the wake of that terrible event, what he has requested will be a key piece of information.
He will probably know that a written ministerial statement was published today, and he will also know that we are investing £500,000 in a new training programme for police firearms licensing officers.
These matters are important to many Members, but particularly to the hon.
Gentleman and his colleagues in Portsmouth.
Home Office questions will take place on Monday, and I suggest that he raise this issue then, but given the sensitivities involving the families, I shall also ensure that the Home Secretary has heard what he has said today.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for wetlands, and as a lover of WWT Slimbridge, which is in my constituency, I was thrilled to learn that the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust had secured £21 million from Aviva.
That is a massive endorsement which will make a huge difference to the creation of, and research on, salt marshes.
Big business tends to be given a tough time by eco-campaigners, but many companies are investing in trying to improve the environment.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to look into the work that WWT is doing around the country, and would she consider attending some of our parliamentary events, with or without her sword?
I should be very happy to attend some of those events, but it will have to be without my sword, because unfortunately the Tower of London would not let me take it home.
I am sure all Members agree that my hon.
Friend should be congratulated, as should those in her local area, on securing this fantastic investment to restore a coastal salt marsh that is key to so many species.
As she will know, through our landmark Environment Act 2021 we have legally binding targets to halt and reverse the decline in species and reduce the  risk of their becoming extinct.
These environments and habitats are vital to biodiversity.
So I say to my hon.
Friend, “Good on you—well done”, and I shall be happy to help her in any way I can.