Frankly, it is about time that the Prime Minister showed up and showed some leadership.
If he does not stand up for standards, what does he actually stand for?
I urge this House to endorse the report a week on Monday.
That matters, because the public need to be able to trust the system we have.
When Ministers mislead the House, whether intentionally or not, and fail to correct the record, or when an MP, a Minister or, worst of all, a serving Prime Minister lies to this House, and  thereby to the public, the public need to know that we have proper processes for dealing with that, which we do.
By undermining this Committee, the Members risk undermining democracy itself.
As we found out during last week’s vote, when it comes to upholding standards, this Prime Minister stands down.
Is that what he is planning to do again with this report?
Is he really still happy for senior MPs in his own party to undermine and attack Britain’s democratic institutions?
Is it not time that he personally condemned those who sought to override Parliament’s standards system to get one of their own off the hook?
We have breaking news that the plan to send asylum seekers to Rwanda has been ruled unlawful.
I am sure the Leader of the House was expecting me to welcome the long-awaited impact assessment for that Illegal Migration Bill—I would call it the bigger migration backlog Bill or, now, the unlawful migration Bill.
I use the words “impact assessment” with a heavy dose of irony, as it does not tell us how much the Bill would cost or what the impact of any of its policies would be, so it is not much of an impact assessment, is it?
The Leader of the House has previously described impact assessments as very handy and most helpful, and I could not agree more.
Why did the Government wait so long to publish the impact assessment and then publish this one, which is neither handy nor helpful?
Is that perhaps why she should not be surprised—nor should any of us—by the breaking news from the court?
While the current Prime Minister focuses on keeping Boris Johnson’s sycophants in his own party happy, introduces new laws which by his Government’s own admission will not work and now seem to have been found illegal, and swerves scrutiny, people up and down the country are left facing the cost of Tory mortgage penalties and soaring rents.
The Leader of the Opposition, a man of honour and integrity, will restore trust in politics.
He will show leadership on the issues that matter to working people and act immediately to bring down the cost of living.
May I first put on record my delight at hosting my Royal Navy squadron, the 2nd Mine Counter Measures Squadron, this week?
I thank all Members who came to see and thank them—particularly you, Mr Speaker, and I thank you for addressing them.
I am delighted that this week we announced the consultation on the Oliver McGowan code of practice on statutory learning disability and autism training.
I want to place on record my huge respect for the McGowan family, especially Paula McGowan OBE, Oliver’s mum, for all that she has done to prevent the tragedy that happened to her family from occurring to others.
I also send my good wishes to all celebrating Eid.
The hon.
Lady raised the matter of the Privileges Committee’s special report, which was out at 9 am.
I hope that the fact that a debate on it was announced in the business statement reassures the House about how seriously the Government take matters of privilege.
I reiterate that it is in the House’s interests that we have such a Committee; it is there to defend our rights and privileges, and it is absolutely vital that Members of this House be prepared to serve on such Committees, so we are very happy to bring forward a debate on the report.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the breaking news of the Court of Appeal judgment.
It was a mixed judgment, because although what she says about the ruling on the policy is absolutely true, the Court also confirmed that Rwanda is a safe third country.
This is clearly a matter for the Home Office to update the House on.
We respect the Court’s decision, and I think there will be a statement later today from the Home Secretary on that.
The hon.
Lady knows that I have pushed Departments to make sure that impact assessments are published in a timely way; they are important.
I hope all Members of the House will also consider the impact of us not having systems that are fit for purpose.
We have to direct our finite resources for these matters at the people we need to help.
If our asylum systems are overloaded and we are not able to send back people who do not have the right to be here, we are not using the finite resources we have effectively.
The hon.
Lady mentions the cost of living crisis, particularly as it relates to housing costs.
I understand how frightening and stressful those costs can be; it makes life incredibly complicated when people have to juggle how they will get through the week.
These are very difficult times, and we are determined to ensure that families and individuals can get through them.
There are unprecedented global challenges that we are having to deal with; for example, we have to stick to the plan on Ukraine, and not waver in our support.
As Members will have heard in the Chancellor’s statement on Monday, we have increased support for mortgage interest schemes, and there are all the other things that we have done regarding providers.
There is also the new consumer duty placed on the Financial Conduct Authority, and of course there is the £94 billion for cost of living support measures.
We will do everything that we can to ensure that families get through this difficult time, and further business will be announced in the usual way.
On yesterday’s Order Paper, the first listed item of business, subject to urgent questions and statements, was the Holocaust Memorial Bill.
There was a notice on the Order Paper that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities would make a statement on the estimated cost of the memorial.
The statement says, in column 13WS of Hansard, that the House was to be updated on the forecasted costs “Ahead of Second Reading of the Bill”—[Official Report,  28 June 2023 ; Vol. 375, c. 13WS.]
That written statement was not available at the end of Prime Minister’s questions at 12.36.
It became available in the Library at 13.51, over an hour and a quarter later.
It was not mentioned by either Minister in the debate on the Bill, and no Member of this House knew about it.
Will my right hon.
Friend say to parliamentary Clerks, if not to the Cabinet, that that is no way to treat this House?
Information that is important to the House should be available for a debate, especially as the statement said that the estimated cost of the memorial had gone up from £102 million to £138 million—an increase of over a third in one year.
I hope she will agree that that is not the way to treat this place.