Parkway in Mission Viejo, California, as the ``Major Megan McClung Post Office Building'', H.R. 3728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 Dorchester Avenue, Room 1, in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ``Caroline Chang Post Office'', H.R. 5476, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1077 River Road, Suite 1, in Washington Crossing, Pennsylvania, as the ``Susan C. Barnhart Post Office'', H.R. 5640, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 12804 Chillicothe Road in Chesterland, Ohio, as the ``Sgt. Wolfgang Kyle Weninger Post Office Building'', H.R. 5712, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 220 Fremont Street in Kiel, Wisconsin, as the ``Trooper Trevor J. Casper Post Office Building'', H.R. 5985, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 517 Seagaze Drive in Oceanside, California, as the ``Charlesetta Reece Allen Post Office Building'', H.R. 6073, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9925 Bustleton Avenue in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as the ``Sergeant Christopher David Fitzgerald Post Office Building'', H.R. 6651, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 603 West 3rd Street in Necedah, Wisconsin, as the ``Sergeant Kenneth E. Murphy Post Office Building'', H.R. 7192, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 333 West Broadway in Anaheim, California, as the ``Dr. William I. `Bill' Kott Post Office Building'', H.R. 7199, to designate the facility S74w16860 Janesville Road, in Muskego, Wisconsin, as the ``Colonel Hans Christian Heg Post Office'', H.R. 7423, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 103 Benedette Street in Rayville, Louisiana, as the ``Luke Letlow Post Office Building'', and the nominations of Sherri Malloy Beatty-Arthur, Rahkel Bouchet, Erin Camille Johnston, Ray D. McKenzie, and John Cuong Truong, each to be an Associate Judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia, Ann C. Fisher, of South Dakota, and Ashley Jay Elizabeth Poling, of North Carolina, both to be a Commissioner of the Postal Regulatory Commission, and Carmen G. Iguina Gonzalez, and Joseph Russell Palmore, both to be an Associate Judge of the District of Columbia Court.
SD-342 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Patrice H. Kunesh, of Minnesota, to be Chairman of the National Indian Gaming Commission.
SD-628 2 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Subcommittee on Food and Nutrition, Specialty Crops, Organics, and Research To hold hearings to examine keeping kids learning in the National School Lunch Program and School Breakfast Program.
SD-562 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine the macroeconomic impacts of potential tax reform in 2025.
SD-538 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine Russia's imperial identity.
2358-C-RHOB 2:30 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship To hold hearings to examine streamlining and coordinating support for rural small businesses.
SR-428A Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine foreign threats to elections in 2024, focusing on roles and responsibilities of U.S. tech providers.
SH-216 3 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine current and future VA budget challenges, focusing on providing for veterans.
SR-418