Mr. Amigone was educated at the University of Buffalo, the Simmons Institute of Mortuary Science, and several local schools, including Kensington High School and Canisius High School.
As the chairman of Amigone Funeral Home, Inc., a family business established in 1926, he became a licensed funeral director in New York in 1953 and later in Pennsylvania in 1976.
Under his leadership, the company expanded significantly, growing from its original location to 13 branches across Western New York.
His innovative vision led to the creation of the city's first modern funeral home, as well as the distinctive ``Amigone Blue'' fleet, a signature mark of the business.
Throughout his career, 
Mr. Amigone served his community and established himself as a preeminent figure in his industry, Among several other posts, 
Mr. Amigone served as President of the National Association of Approved Morticians, the President of the New York State Funeral Directors Association, and the District Governor of the National Funeral Directors Association.
In addition to his professional accomplishments, 
Mr. Amigone served in the U.S. Army during the Korean War and was stationed in the Far East as part of the Graves Registration Unit.
He also briefly worked for Mitsubishi Chemical in Japan and had the honor of being received by the Emperor.
In 1955, he was instrumental in modernizing funeral practices in Hong Kong.
A devout Catholic, 
Mr. Amigone had the rare privilege of a private audience with Pope John XXIII in 1958.
He was also a dedicated community leader, honored as Buffalonian of the Year in 1987, and active in numerous civic and professional organizations, including the Rotary Club, Knights of Columbus, and several chambers of commerce.
A man of many interests, 
Mr. Amigone was a passionate reader with a love for Shakespeare and enjoyed boating as well as playing the piano, particularly the song ``Deep Purple.''
Today, we honor Anthony P. Amigone, Sr. and we commemorate his unwavering commitment to Western New York.
Mr. Amigone's legacy endures through his loving family, the continued success of his family business, and the profound impact he made on the Buffalo community.