Mr. ROGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of the U.S. Forest Service's Redbird Ranger Station Club House in southeastern Kentucky, which has a rich history tied to Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company and Fordson Coal Company.
Southern and Eastern Kentucky has an abundance of historic American treasures tucked away in our Appalachian communities, like the Redbird Purchase Unit.
Location names in the mountains preface the stories that unfold on the land, including the fork in the Kentucky River where this unit is located, named for Chief Red Bird, a legendary Cherokee.
The Ford Motor Company owned 60,000 acres in the Daniel Boone National Forest to harvest timber when hardwood was used for automobile parts and wheel spokes.
The land was eventually acquired by the U.S. Forest Service and today, the Redbird Purchase Unit includes nearly 146,000 acres of the forest.
Mary Breckinridge, the region's famous nursing pioneer who established the Frontier Nursing Service to offer prenatal care to Appalachian women, personally visited Washington, D.C. to advocate for the federal purchase unit to help protect and manage the forest at the headwaters of the Kentucky River.
Mary Breckinridge was a friend of Henry Ford's wife, Clara, who helped support her efforts to provide nurse-midwives in our rural region where healthcare access was desperately needed.
Her dedicated efforts to save lives and protect the forest were both successful.
The building that now serves as the Redbird Ranger Station was built by the Fordson Coal Company 100 years ago to house Fordson survey crews, engineers and draftsmen.
The ``Club House,'' as it was known, is where employees would gather for meals and social activities.
The original hand-cut wood paneling in the home was made from native maple, oak, walnut and American chestnut trees, and is still preserved on the walls today.
Conservation efforts of the U.S. Forest Service have helped preserve the Daniel Boone National Forest and the incredible history of Kentucky's Appalachian region.
It is an honor to recognize their diligent efforts on the 100th Anniversary of the U.S. Forest Service's Redbird Ranger Station.