Mr. MESSMER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mead Johnson, a global leader in science-backed pediatric nutrition, as they celebrate 120 years of leadership and innovation in the field.
Mead Johnson's flagship manufacturing and R&D center was created in Evansville over 100 years ago and still stands as one of the largest manufacturing facilities for infant formulas.
The Mead Johnson story began with the founder, Edward Mead Johnson and his son, who was born with a condition that made it difficult for him to digest his feedings.
He worked with Dr. Abraham Jacobi, known as the father of American pediatrics, to create the first scientificallybased infant formula that saved his son's life.
Since then, Mead Johnson has become a world leader with a mission to nourish the world's children for the best start in life.
Mead's dextri-maltose was the first clinically supported infant feed product in the U.S.
Today, the Enfamil family of formulas developed in Evansville support infant nutrition across the globe, and Enfamil is the top infant formula brand recommended by pediatricians in the U.S. Mead Johnson has hired thousands of people in and around Evansville throughout their history and currently employs nearly 800 employees working across 25 departments.
Nearly 20 percent of their employees have been with the company for 15 or more years, showing how much people value being a part of the Mead Johnson mission.
Mead's R&D strength comes from a deep bench of diverse experts working across disciplines to advance infant nutrition.
New scientific discoveries made in Evansville have allowed Mead Johnson to innovate and evolve their products.
One of the heritage innovations is the addition of DHA, an omega-3 fatty acid that is critical for infant brain and eye development.
Mead Johnson was the first in the U.S. to introduce DHA into infant formula in 2002 which is now widely recognized as a standard of care in infant nutrition.
I commend Mead Johnson and the important work their team accomplishes in advancing pediatric nutrition and nourishing the world's children, starting in Southern Indiana.