Mr. Woods is preceded in death by his beloved wife, Lucille Grayson Woods; his parents, Rev. Abraham Lincoln Woods, Sr. and Maggie Woods; his brothers, Rev. Abraham Lincoln Woods, Jr., Dr. Roy Woods, Sr., Franklin Delorna Woods, and Dr. Dwight Edward Woods; his sisters, Mary Ruby Woods Hutchinson, Melzer Woods Luke, and Lois Woods, his daughters, Linda Cal Woods Holt, and Shelia Vanessa Woods Minter; his son, Dr. Freedom Progress Woods, Sr., and his granddaughter, Tamecia LaShun Woods.
He is survived by his children, Jeanette Marie Woods Smith, Judy Kay Woods, Dr. Calvin Wallace Woods, Jr., (Minister Constance), Carlton Wayne Woods, Sr., Rev. Byron Elliott Woods, Christopher Wyatt Woods, Minister Joyce Elaine Woods Lewis (Dr. Tommie), Minister Angela Gay Woods McClure (Dr. Micheal), Dr. Timothy Justice Woods, Sr., and Dr. Quintin Prescott Woods, Sr. (Tramella); his thirty-seven grandchildren, his sixty-eight great-grandchildren, his eleven great great-grandchildren; his two daughter-in laws, his two son-in laws, his thirty-three nieces and nephews, his sixty-one great nieces and nephews, and a host other ministers of the gospel, cousins, family, and dear friends.
On a personal note, the contributions that Bishop Woods made to ensure the equal rights of all Americans during the Civil Rights Movement were truly exemplary.
I know that I get to represent my home district as Alabama's first Black Congresswoman because of his courageous efforts.
To call him an icon of the Movement is an understatement.
His unwavering commitment to improving the lives of black Alabamians had a profound effect on our community and will continue to be felt for generations to come.
His life stands as a testament to the power of ordinary Americans to achieve extraordinary social change.
His legacy will live on with every vote cast and in the many lives he impacted.
May he rest in peace and power.
On behalf of Alabama's 7th Congressional District, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating the extraordinary life and legacy of Bishop Calvin W. Woods, Sr. for his contributions to generations of civil rights leaders and decades of exemplary service to our Nation in our fight for liberty, equality, and justice for all.