In 1956, Bishop Woods joined his brother Reverend Abraham L. Woods, Jr., and Reverend Fred L. Shuttlesworth to co-found the Alabama Christian Movement for Human Rights (ACMHR).
Through this work, Bishop Woods began the journey of what would become six decades of courageous leadership throughout the Civil Rights Movement.
Working closely with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and supporting the work of Reverend Fred L. Shuttlesworth, Bishop Woods challenged segregation directly, participating in numerous demonstrations, including the Birmingham Campaign and the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom in 1963.
Though his participation in the Movement resulted in him being beaten, arrested, and fired from his job, he continued to fight for justice and equality for all.
He planned strategies for public protests following the shooting of five African Americans who had been protesting at a supermarket during the 1960s and filed a lawsuit on behalf of the youth suspended from school during the demonstration to ensure that they could be reinstated.
As a result of his tenacity and dedication, Bishop Woods was appointed by Dr. King as the SCLC City Convener for the Birmingham Ministers Leadership Conference.
In this position, Bishop Woods was responsible for educating ministers concerning Black History, picketing, housing, direct non-violent protesting, voter registration, and negotiations to ensure that they were fully equipped to continue leading their congregations throughout the Movement.
In addition to his work as a Civil Rights leader, Bishop Woods played a vital role in the Birmingham community through his various community affiliations and as the pastor of Shiloh Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama, where he led the congregation for more than three decades.
Throughout his life, Bishop Woods served in many leadership capacities, including as the Discipline & Administration and Evening Supervisor for Community Ed School at Parker High School, a board member of the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute, the President of the New Era Baptist State Convention of AL, the Vice Chair of the Board of Trustees of Birmingham Easonian Baptist Bible College, and a member of the National Baptist Convention, USA Inc. Board.