Mrs. Booker's service extends far beyond her church.
She has been a consistent advocate for children's welfare and has worked relentlessly to provide opportunities for underserved populations.
Her tireless efforts reflect her core belief that every child deserves access to quality education and a supportive community.
Mrs. Booker has been involved with many social and civic organizations recognizing her enduring legacy to her community to include Partners in Education Coordinator, Department of Family and Children Services, Columbus Community Center, Student Assistant Professional Association, Rape Crisis Center, Women Wanting Justice, Family Center, Jack and Jill of America, Inc. (Local Charter Member), Jack and Jill of America Foundation, Columbus Chamber of Commerce Ambassadors, Historical Columbus Foundation Scholarship, Girl Scouts, Girls, Inc., Columbus State University Teen Achievers, Orchettes Civic and Social Club, Matron Bridge Club (President), Starlight Bridge Club (Secretary), Girlfriends Bridge Club (President), Magnificent Bridge Club, and Network, Inc.
Moreover, her contributions to organizations such as Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc., Gamma Tau Omega Chapter, where she is a Golden Soror and Pearl Member and SISTERS, Inc. highlight her commitment to enriching the lives of those around her.
Mrs. Booker's passion for service is infectious as she inspires others to get involved and make a difference.
Juanita Carson Booker is not only a devoted mother and grandmother, but also a cherished friend and mentor to many.
Her kindness, grace, and integrity serve as a model for us all and remind us of the profound impact one individual can have on the community.
On a personal note, it has been an honor to know 
Mrs. Booker for almost five decades.
I will always cherish her friendship as well as her sage counsel and advice that have been invaluable to me as I have served in Congress.
Accordingly, the impact of her life is inspiring and exemplifies the kind of love and devotion to others for which we should all aspire.