Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a loving mother, dedicated grandmother, trailblazing leader, dedicated community servant and faithful woman of God, 
Mrs. Juanita Carson Booker.
Mrs. Booker celebrated her 95th Birthday with her family, friends, and community leaders at a celebration on August 21, 2025, at the Green Island Country Club in Columbus, Georgia.
The Genesis of the Life of Juanita Booker began with her birth in Reynolds, Georgia to the union of Thomas Carson and Mildred Dent Carson Perry.
She was primarily raised by her grandmother, 
Mrs. Leather Dent who instilled in her a love of serving others and an unwavering faith in our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Instilled with a love of learning, 
Mrs. Booker graduated from Albany State College with a Bachelor of Science Degree, a Master of Science Degree in Counseling and Guidance from Fort Valley State College, and a Specialist Degree in Education and Counseling and Guidance from Auburn University.
Armed with the knowledge and skill, 
Mrs. Booker turned that gift into a 46-year career in Education that touched the lives of thousands of young people.
Her career encompassed 12 years as a classroom teacher, 7 years as Director of Guidance at Talbotton Road Junior High School, 7 Years as Director of Guidance at Daniel Junior High School, and 20 Years as the first Coordinator of Guidance Services for the Muscogee County School District.
Because of her trailblazing effort, the Muscogee County School Board voted to name the counseling and social work department after her.
A ceremony to commemorate this occasion was held on August 21, 2025, at the school board's administrative offices.
For over 70 years, 
Mrs. Juanita Booker has devoted her life to uplifting others, especially children, through her work as an educator and community leader.
She has exemplified the values of compassion, perseverance, and faith--qualities that have earned her deep respect and admiration from those who know her.
As a faithful 73-year member of First African Baptist Church, Mrs. Booker has held numerous leadership positions, including Deaconess, Trustee, and Finance Committee Member, where she has demonstrated her commitment to spiritual growth and community service.
Her involvement in various initiatives showcases her unwavering dedication to improving the lives of others.