Lieutenant Colonel Henderson has served admirably as a Congressional

Budget Liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army, Financial

Management and Comptroller, for the past four years.
Over that time, I

have come to appreciate Joe's work as he served as a fellow supporting

my office and other Members of our Appropriations Committee.
He helped

my staff better understand the Department of Defense through his years

of experience as an Army officer, and led countless oversight and

factfinding visits for staff across the globe providing them invaluable

firsthand knowledge, doing so with a level of skill and professionalism

that has left a lasting impression on me and my staff.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson graduated from the University of Texas

at El Paso in 2004, earning a Bachelor of Arts in History.
He

commissioned as a Transportation Officer, completing Officer Candidate

School at Fort Benning, Georgia.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson's first assignment was as a platoon

leader with the Alpha Company, 302d Brigade Support Battalion at Camp

Casey, South Korea.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson attended U.S. Army

Airborne School enroute to his assignment as 99th Movement Control Team

Mobility Officer in Italy.
He deployed in this role to Iraq in support

of Operation Iraqi Freedom in 2007.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson took

command of the 99th MCT from 2008 to 2010 deploying again to Iraq in

support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.
After serving as the executive officer for the 92nd Military Police

Company, Major Dickson was selected to attend the Marine Corps

Expeditionary Warfare School in Quantico, Virginia.
During his time in

Quantico, Major Dickson published an article for the U.S. Naval

Institute and earned honors as a distinguished graduate.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson served as the Assistant Brigade S4 for

the 16th Combat Aviation Brigade at Joint Base Lewis-McChord,

Washington.
He took command of Echo Company, 2-158th Assault Helicopter

Battalion from 2011-2013.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson served as an Assistant Professor of

Military Science at Pacific Lutheran University in Tacoma from 2013-

2015.
He was assigned to Fort Bragg where he held positions at the 82nd

Airborne Division as the Division Transportation Officer and Deputy G4,

the Support Operations Officer for the 189th Combat Sustainment

Support, and as the Brigade Operations Officer for the 82nd Airborne

Division Sustainment Brigade.
As a Congressional Budget Liaison, Lieutenant Colonel Henderson has

been the Army's conduit to several Congressional offices and

committees.
In the course of this service, he has built a reputation of

trust, respect, and competency.
His efforts have been widely respected

and have shown great credit to the Army.
Lieutenant Colonel Henderson's wife, Annie, and children, Harper and

Hudson, have supported him throughout his career.
Their sacrifice and

love make everything he does possible.
Joe's extraordinary career is a testament to his hard work and

unyielding desire to make himself, his organizations, and his fellow

Soldiers the best they can be.
Our Nation has been enriched by his

leadership, thoughtful judgement, and exemplary work.
On behalf of the U.S. House and a grateful Nation, I join my

colleagues today in recognizing and commending Joe on his service to

our Nation.
We wish Joe, Annie, Harper, and Hudson all the best.