From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KAY GRANGER

speech of

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the

incrredible legacy of my colleague, and friend, Congresswoman Kay

Granger.
I have had the pleasure of working alongside many dedicated public

servants, but few have shown the consistent leadership, integrity, and

commitment to their constituents that Kay has demonstrated over her

incredible career in public office.
She has represented the Twelfth Congressional District of Texas with

unwavering dedication in her nearly three decades in Congress.
From being the first woman elected to represent Texas' Twelfth

District, to her trailblazing work as the first woman to chair the

House Appropriations Committee, Kay has always set new standards of

excellence in her time in Washington.
I not only serve with her as a fellow member of the Appropriations

Committee, but I also had the privilege of being elected in the same

class as Kay.
During that time, I have witnessed the skill and

dedication Kay displays first-hand.
A staunch supporter of our Nation's

military, a champion for infrastructure, and a force behind national

security efforts, her goal has always been to advance the interests of

the American people.
Kay's legacy will go far beyond the legislation.
Her mentorship of

countless members of this body will outlast even her biggest

legislative accomplishments.
Through her deep understanding of the

issues, and willingness to work with both sides of the aisle, she will

be remembered for putting service to the American people before

partisanship.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people in Alabama's Fourth

Congressional District, I want to thank Congresswoman Granger for her

service to this Nation, her invaluable contributions to Congress, and

most importantly, her friendship.
She will leave a legacy that will be

felt for generations to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KEIRSTEN LYONS FOR HER DEDICATION TO AMERICA'S FALLEN HEROES

HON.
CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS

Mrs. RODGERS of Washington.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor

Keirsten Lyons, Director of the Washington State Fallen Heroes Project,

a woman whose life's mission exemplifies the enduring power of love and

remembrance.
Her dedication to her son's memory and to the families of

our Nation's Fallen Heroes is a profound testament to the enduring

sacrifices made in defense of our freedoms.
Keirsten's journey is one of love, resilience, and a mother's

unyielding commitment to ensure her son's sacrifice is never forgotten.
On January 1, 2014, her beloved son, Marine Sergeant Jacob Michael

Hess, gave his life during a deployment to Afghanistan in support of

Operation Enduring Freedom.
Sgt.
Hess was a dedicated Marine, a

cherished husband, son, brother, and friend who embodied the highest

ideals of service and honor.
Though her loss is unimaginable, Keirsten

has transformed her grief into a powerful force for good, ensuring that

the legacy of her son and so many others lives on.
As the Director of the Washington State Fallen Heroes Project,

Keirsten has committed herself to a sacred mission, to honor those who

raised their hand to serve and made the ultimate sacrifice, to support

the families who carry the weight of their loss, and to engage

communities in never forgetting the price of freedom.
Her work serves

as a rallying call to all of us, reminding us that the freedoms we hold

dear were secured through unimaginable sacrifices.
Under Keirsten's leadership, the Project has expanded its reach and

impact.
Events such as the March for the Fallen, Ruck, Run, or Walk

have created spaces for families and communities to come together in

shared remembrance.
For Keirsten, these gatherings are deeply personal.
By sharing their stories, families transform grief into connection,

ensuring their loved ones remain alive in the hearts of those who learn

their stories.