Title: CELEBRATING OUR 2024 FALL INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
185

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING OUR 2024 FALL INTERN CLASS FOR THEIR SERVICE TO

CALIFORNIA'S 20TH DISTRICT

HON.
VINCE FONG

Mr. FONG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and celebrate the

outstanding interns who have dedicated their time and talents to

serving the 20th District of California this fall.
These bright and

committed young people, working from both our Washington, D.C., and

Clovis, California offices, have brought fresh perspectives, unwavering

enthusiasm, and a shared passion for making a difference.
At a time

when many young people are questioning the role of public service,

their dedication inspires confidence in the leaders of tomorrow.
As their fall internships come to a close, I want to express my

deepest gratitude to Grace Lee Delgado, Elijah Lidgett, and Tristan

Wertanzl for their contributions to our Washington, D.C., office and to

Jake Dowell for his service in our Clovis, California office.
Their

hard work has been instrumental to our efforts, and I trust that the

skills and educational experiences they have gained will guide them

toward continued success in their future endeavors in public service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE CAREER OF DIANA GOMEZ

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the career and

professional achievements of Diana Gomez, who spent over 36 years as an

electrical engineer and contributed to our community as part of the

California Department of Transportation (Caltrans).
Born in Fresno and raised in the City of Parlier, Ms. Gomez graduated

from Parlier High School and was named as the first member of the

Parlier Unified School District Hall of Fame.
She earned her bachelor's

degree in electrical engineering at California State University,

Fresno.
Ms. Gomez developed more than 36 years of transportation experience

with Caltrans in various positions, including Senior Transportation

Electrical Engineer and Chief for the offices of Traffic Management and

Systems Management Operations.
In 2011, Ms. Gomez was appointed as the

Deputy District Director of Operations in Los Angeles, making her the

highest-ranking Latina engineer within the California State Employees,

a title she still holds.
Her last assignment with Caltrans was serving as District 6 Director

with responsibility for the State Highway system in Fresno, Madera,

Kings, Tulare and Kern counties.
From the time she filled the role in

July 2020 up to her retirement, she helped secure more than one billion

dollars for the district and local partner projects.
Prior to her appointment as District 6 Director, Ms. Gomez was

appointed by Governor Brown in 2012 to serve as the Central Valley

Regional Director of the California High-Speed Rail Authority.
As the

Regional Director, she worked to build strategies and maintain

relationships with local advocates, residents, consultants, and policy

makers to ensure the high-speed rail project in the Central Valley

continued on-time and on budget.
Ms. Gomez is an active member of the Society of Hispanic Professional

Engineers (SHPE) and was even named one of the ``100 Most Influential

Hispanics'' by the Hispanic Business magazine for her role as SHPE's

National President.
She served in this role for six years, having also

occupied several other leadership positions with the organization.
Under her leadership, SHPE grew exponentially in its membership and

revenue.
Ms. Gomez has maintained her roots in Fresno County and is a member

of the Fresno State School of Engineering Advisory Council, Vice Chair

of the Fresno State Alumni Association, and Board Member for the Fresno

State Transportation Institute.
Her other professional affiliations

include serving on the Board of Directors for the Society of Hispanic

Professional Engineers, and she is a member of Women in Transportation

(WTS) and founder of the WTS Central Valley Chapter.