Events such as the March for the Fallen, Ruck, Run, or Walk

have created spaces for families and communities to come together in

shared remembrance.
For Keirsten, these gatherings are deeply personal.
By sharing their stories, families transform grief into connection,

ensuring their loved ones remain alive in the hearts of those who learn

their stories.
Through initiatives like the Illuminating Courage Memorial and the

Heroes Garden, Keirsten has built a legacy of remembrance in the

Eastern Washington community that will endure for generations.
Her

tireless efforts have provided comfort and healing to Gold Star

families, creating a community where grief is shared, and the

sacrifices of the Fallen are eternally honored.
She reminds us that

behind every Fallen Hero is a family who has borne the cost of freedom.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States House of Representatives

and the citizens of Washington's Fifth Congressional District, I extend

my deepest gratitude to Keirsten Lyons for her extraordinary devotion.
May her work continue to remind us that the legacy of a hero does not

end on the battlefield--it lives on in the stories we tell, the

memories we preserve, and the gratitude we hold.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present in the

chamber on Wednesday, December 11, 2024, due to a family medical

emergency.
Unfortunately, the final version of the FY2025 NDAA includes

a misguided provision preventing the dependents of service members from

receiving the medical treatment they need and deserve.
Further, the

bill callously stripped provisions that would have given more service

members and their partners the ability to start a family through IVF.
However, as the Ranking Member of the Military Construction and

Veterans Affairs Appropriations Subcommittee, I fight every day to

improve the quality of life of our service members and their families

and on balance, this bill does that.
Among many meaningful investments,

it includes a 14.5 percent pay raise for junior enlisted and a 4.5

percent pay raise for all other service members while eliminating

contraceptive copayments for TRICARE beneficiaries.
I will continue to

fight for all service members and their families to receive the

benefits and care they deserve.
Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
499 and

YEA on Roll Call No.
500.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING JIM SHENEP

HON.
J. FRENCH HILL

Mr. HILL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an extraordinary

Arkansan, my friend, Jim Shenep.
It is unbelievable that three decades after we started working

together, it is time for him to retire.
I want to say how thankful I am for our three decades of friendship,

and Martha and I treasure our relationship with him and his family.
It has been such a privilege to watch his continued success, starting

when we were at First Commercial, then Regions, then Delta Trust, and

now at Simmons.
He has always put his customers first, and that was at the heart of

what we tried to build at Delta Trust, and I know it is at the heart of

Simmons Trust Company.
I wish him well in his retirement and I wish I could be there with

him in person to celebrate, but I wanted to thank him for his

dedication to his customers and our friendship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MY LEGISLATIVE DIRECTOR, GRIFFIN WONG, FOR HIS EXCELLENT

WORK ON BEHALF OF MINNESOTA'S THIRD CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Legislative

Director, Griffin Wong, for his work on behalf of every constituent in

Minnesota's Third Congressional District.