Under her leadership, SHPE grew exponentially in its membership and

revenue.
Ms. Gomez has maintained her roots in Fresno County and is a member

of the Fresno State School of Engineering Advisory Council, Vice Chair

of the Fresno State Alumni Association, and Board Member for the Fresno

State Transportation Institute.
Her other professional affiliations

include serving on the Board of Directors for the Society of Hispanic

Professional Engineers, and she is a member of Women in Transportation

(WTS) and founder of the WTS Central Valley Chapter.
I call on my colleagues to join me in celebrating the exceptional

career and lifetime achievements of Diana Gomez, and to congratulate

her on her well-deserved retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING JANET WILLIAMS ON HER RETIREMENT FROM THE CITY OF

SAVAGE, MINNESOTA

HON.
ANGIE CRAIG

Ms. CRAIG.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Janet Williams

on her retirement as Mayor of the City of Savage.
Janet was born and

raised on a dairy farm in Savage, Minnesota.
She attended Burnsville

High School, where she graduated as the valedictorian.
After completing

her undergraduate degree at the College of St. Teresa in Winona,

Minnesota, she came back home to Savage.
For 30 years, Janet served as

Scott County's Library Director.
In this role, she was responsible for

running all Scott County libraries while supporting library expansion

projects.
In 2004, Janet was elected as a Savage Councilmember and just four

years later, Janet became the first woman Mayor of Savage.
She has held

this office for over 17 years.
As Mayor, Janet pushed for investments

in mental health programs, including those offered to first responders.
She founded the Dan Patch Historical Society and championed various

local projects, including key redevelopment projects and infrastructure

improvements.
Under her leadership, she also promoted the importance of

partnering on key initiatives with nearby community leaders and

partners.
I'm proud to have worked with Janet since I first came to Congress in

2019.
Her commitment to the community of Savage is unparalleled and I

have greatly appreciated her partnership and guidance, especially with

concern to local priorities.
I thank Janet for her years of service to our community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

FAREWELL REMARKS BY HON.
CORI BUSH

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the impactful

service of my friend and colleague, Congresswoman Cori Bush.
Congresswoman Bush came to Congress making history as the first Black

woman elected from Missouri.
Her work as a faith leader, nurse and community organizer at the

frontlines of the Black Lives Matter Movement prepared her to fight for

the people of St. Louis in the halls of Congress.
Since coming to Congress, Congresswoman Bush has made her mark as an

outspoken voice for racial, social and reproductive justice.
Rep. Bush fought to address systemic inequities in healthcare,

policing and housing.
She has been a consistent champion for policies

that uplift and empower every community in St. Louis.
Representative Cori Bush is and will continue to be a fearless voice

for justice and equity.
Her advocacy for working families, Black and brown people, the LGBTQ+

community, and all marginalized groups has made a lasting impact on her

constituents not only on her district but our Nation.
Her commitment to her values has shaped the direction of this

Congress and inspired others to join the movement for change.
I thank her for her incredible service and leadership, and I wish her

well in this next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KAY GRANGER

speech of

HON.
ROBERT B. ADERHOLT

Mr. ADERHOLT.
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize the

incrredible legacy of my colleague, and friend, Congresswoman Kay

Granger.