Title: PERSONAL EXPLANATION; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
86

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
ADRIAN SMITH

Mr. SMITH of Nebraska.
Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained.
Had I

been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No.
132, and YEA on

Roll Call No.
133.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PRICILLA CRUZ-SEADO

HON.
GUS M. BILIRAKIS

Mr. BILIRAKIS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding

contributions that Pricilla Cruz-Seado has made to our community

through her work with New Beginnings Youth Shelter, which serves

homeless kids aged 10-17 who are between foster homes, abandoned, or

homeless.
The whole team jumps in to take care of the kids that have no

one else looking out for them.
They teach kids structure, respect,

understanding and so much more in a loving environment.
The team really

cares, and each member is deeply invested in the kids' long-term

success.
It is clear Pricilla Cruz-Seado has made a profoundly positive impact

on our community, and I am grateful for her service.
May we all strive

to serve our communities with the same dedication and humility.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF THOSE WHO GAVE THE ULTIMATE SACRIFICE:

MEMORIAL DAY 2025

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in solemn remembrance of

those brave men and women who gave the ultimate sacrifice in defense of

the United States of America.
On behalf of the United States Congress,

and the constituents of the 23rd Congressional District, I am proud to

recognize our brave service members' courage, sacrifice, and valor as

we come together this Memorial Day.
All gave some, and some gave all.
Memorial Day is more than a long

weekend--it is sacred time for a grateful Nation to reflect on the cost

of liberty.
We owe our freedom to those who answered the call and never

returned.
In America--the greatest country on Earth--our founding

promise of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness is preserved

only through the sacrifice of our heroes.
The American flag flies in red, white, and blue--each color rich with

meaning.
Blue stands for vigilance and justice, a call to remain

steadfast in our values.
White reflects our Nation's ideals and purity

of purpose.
Red honors the valor and the blood shed by those who died

defending our rights.
This weekend, across Western New York and the Southern Tier, veterans

and families will gather at town centers, VFW halls and cemeteries to

commemorate the fallen and ensure that their sacrifice will never be

forgotten.
This is a responsibility that we all must pass on to the

next generation, to continue this great tradition in memory of those

who made this life of freedom and opportunity possible.
Today, we remember those we've lost and give thanks to the veterans

still among us.
We are the land of the free because we are the home of

the brave.
The selflessness of our service members inspires deep

gratitude every day--not just on Memorial Day.
May we never forget

their sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.