May we never forget

their sacrifice.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, May 22, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JUNE 4

10 a.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine the reauthorization of the

over-the-counter monograph drug user fee program.
JUNE 5

10:30 a.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider S. 1397, to require the

Secretary of State to establish a quantum cooperation

program to enhance international cooperation in quantum

information science, S. 1463, to allow the Secretary of

the Interior to enter into memoranda of understanding

for the purpose of scientific and technical cooperation

in the mapping of critical minerals and rare earth

elements, S. 1478, to provide the United States

Government with additional tools to deter state and

non-state actors from wrongfully detaining United

States nationals for political leverage, S. 1579, to

provide for the treatment of the Association of

Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), the European

Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), and the

Pacific Islands Forum (PIF) as international

organizations for purposes of the International

Organizations Immunities Act, S. 1731, to require the

Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense to

develop a strategy in response to the global basing

intentions of the People's Republic of China, S. 1780,

to provide for congressional oversight of security

assistance to Mexico, S. 1801, to facilitate the

development of a whole-of-government strategy for

nuclear cooperation and nuclear exports, S. Res.
227,

condemning Hamas for its premeditated, coordinated, and

brutal terrorist attacks on October 7, 2023, against

Israel and demanding that Hamas immediately release all

remaining hostages and return them to safety, an

original bill entitled, ``Defending International

Security by Restricting Unlawful Partnerships and

Tactics (``DISRUPT'') Act, and an original bill

entitled, ``Taiwan Non-Discrimination Act of 2025''.
S-116

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DEACON RONALD LEVESTER SEWELL

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy

of a great man of faith and a true community servant leader, Deacon

Ronald Levester Sewell.
Deacon Sewell, a native of Columbia, South

Carolina, passed away on Saturday, May 10, 2025.
Although he is no

longer with us in person, his legacy lives on through his life of

service.
Deacon Sewell attended C.A. Johnson High School, graduating in 1965.
He furthered his academic journey at Benedict College, earning his

degree in 1973.
He later went on to obtain a Master of Education degree

from Cambridge College.
Over an extraordinary 35-year career, he transformed countless lives

and was a pivotal member of his community.
Deacon Sewell served as an

educator, coach, and an athletic administrator within Richland School

District One, igniting a passion for learning and excellence in his

students.
Beyond his notable contributions in education, Deacon Sewell proudly

saved six years in the U.S. Air Force, followed by several years in the

Air Force Reserve at McEntire Joint National Guard Base.
His dedicated

service included a tour during Operation Desert Storm in the Persian

Gulf War, where he exemplified unwavering bravery and dedication to his

country.