Deacon Sewell served as an

educator, coach, and an athletic administrator within Richland School

District One, igniting a passion for learning and excellence in his

students.
Beyond his notable contributions in education, Deacon Sewell proudly

saved six years in the U.S. Air Force, followed by several years in the

Air Force Reserve at McEntire Joint National Guard Base.
His dedicated

service included a tour during Operation Desert Storm in the Persian

Gulf War, where he exemplified unwavering bravery and dedication to his

country.
The morals and values that were the foundation of his life were

rooted in his faith in God.
A devoted member of First Calvary Baptist

Church, Deacon Sewell's faith was a cornerstone of his life.
He was

baptized there and later ordained as a Deacon in 2007 under the

leadership of Dr. Reverend Samuel K. Lewis.
Throughout his journey he has been empowered by the encouragement and

support of his beautiful family.
Deacon Sewell was married to Maxine

Cunningham for 50 years, and was a devoted father to four children: Dr.

Kenya Sewell (Randy) James, Dr. Candace Sewell Hannah, Warren M.

Sewell, and Sharon E. Lowman.
Mr. Speaker, Deacon Sewell spent his lifetime as a military pioneer

and humble servant to his fellow citizens of South Carolina and to the

United States of America.
I ask that you and our colleagues join me in

recognizing and honoring Deacon Sewell's commitment to service,

sacrifices for, and contribution to this great Nation.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THELMA LEE EDWARDS-RILEY

HON.
JAMES E. CLYBURN

Mr. CLYBURN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to a

remarkable South Carolinian--a woman who embodied the values of hard

work, resilience, compassion, and grace.
Thelma Lee Edwards-Riley, a daughter of Holy Hill, South Carolina,

was born on July 10, 1930.
She was a woman who was devoted to her

family.
A mother to Martha Stocker and Calvin Riley, she led a life

full of warmth, love, and quiet strength.
Her pride in her children was

unbounded.
She found joy in the simple and honest labor of working in her yard,

tending lovingly to her plants and flowers.
Her garden reflected her

spirit: nurturing, patient, and full of life.
Just as she cultivated

her garden, she poured care, time, and love into the lives of those

around her, most especially Colombia's Belvedere Community.
Thelma Riley had a heart always ready to help whoever was in need.
Whether someone needed a comforting word, a helping hand, or just a

listening ear--she was there without hesitation and without

expectation.
The personification of the life and legacy of Ms. Riley is

encapsulated in the twenty-fifth chapter of Mark, verse 40, `Truly I

tell you, whatever you did for one of the least of these brothers and

sisters of mine, you did for me.' ''
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in celebrating

the life of Ms. Thelma Lee Edwards-Riley.
Let us remember her with the

love she gave so freely.
Let us keep her memory alive through the acts

of kindness we show, the care we offer others, and the strength we find

in one another.
Her life was a blessing and her memory a treasure.