After realizing this could be lifesaving for officers who are

responding to an emergency at a school campus they may not be familiar

with, Officer O'Neal embarked on his mission of numbering every door

and hallway in Grapevine ISD, then creating digital maps of the floor

plans to share across departments.
It took years to gather the information for all the schools in the

district.
The maps include detailed information about all doors, their

accessibility to police, the most efficient points of entry and

directions to specific classrooms, and even indicate which doors

require keys to open.
As a result of Officer O'Neal's work, Grapevine

Police now have detailed maps of each campus in Grapevine ISD which the

police department can access via a digital system on their phone.
Earlier this year, Officer O'Neal was honored with the 2023 State of

Texas Law Enforcement Achievement Award for Public Services at the

State Capitol.
I'd like to thank Officer O'Neal for his tireless

efforts and profound dedication to keeping North Texas students and

staff safe.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HOMETOWN HERO KRISSY SARINE-VAN BRUNT

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Hero Krissy Sarine-Van Brunt, who founded the non-profit

organization Just Because, which is dedicated to giving back to under-

resourced communities in North Texas.
Krissy founded Just Because after

she and her daughter observed the hardship of homelessness in the

scorching Texas heat.
She compiled a list of several necessities that

the homeless desire and went to Facebook to seek help.
Through that

act, Just Because was started after she received overwhelming support

online.
Krissy has also partnered with Bombas to donate over 8,000 pairs of

socks to the homeless in our community.
In addition to providing

Blessing Bags to the homeless, Krissy also volunteers at nursing homes

and animal shelters in her spare time.
I'd like to thank Krissy for

going above and beyond for our community.
Her selflessness and

dedication do not go unnoticed.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HOMETOWN HERO OFFICERS DANIEL GUTIERREZ AND MARK MERAZ

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize our Texas-24

Hometown Heroes, Addison Police Department Officers Daniel Gutierrez,

and Mark Meraz.
On June 15, 2023, Addison Police Department Officers

Daniel Gutierrez and Mark Meraz responded to a call regarding an

injured person.
When they arrived on scene, they found a man bleeding

excessively from his arm after getting cut with glass.
Officers

Gutierrez and Meraz quickly placed a tourniquet on his arm while they

waited for paramedics to arrive.
The wounds were severe, and the man

lost an extensive amount of blood due to his injuries.
The tourniquet

application by Officers Gutierrez and Meraz saved his life while

waiting for paramedics to arrive on scene.
The Addison Police Department recently honored them both with the

Preservation of Life Award.
I thank Officer Gutierrez and Officer Meraz

for going above and beyond to protect and serve North Texans.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF NAZAR L. NAZARIAN

HON.
FRANK PALLONE, JR.
Mr. PALLONE.
Mr. Speaker, as family, friends, and community members

gather to celebrate the life of Nazar L. Nazarian, I would like to join

in paying tribute to his memory.
Mr. Nazarian passed away on August 28,

2023, after a life filled with numerous professional and personal

accomplishments.
Mr. Nazarian was a prominent member of the Armenian community, a

successful businessman, and a fixture of the Armenian General

Benevolent Union (AGBU).
From the Levon and Satenig Nazarian Primary

School in Lebanon to the Levon and Claudia Nazarian Radiology Center,

to name just a few, Mr. Nazarian's philanthropic endeavors support

Armenians across the globe.