He is also an advisor to New

Hampshire's Joint Legislative Liaison team, consistently going above

and beyond to ensure the effectiveness of our national security

efforts.
Bill attended Boston University where he earned a degree in Business

Administration in 1989.
From there he attended basic training as well

as U.S. Army Airborne School and RIARNG Officer Candidate School.
In

December 1996, he received his commission from the Rhode Island Army

National Guard and joined the New Hampshire Air National Guard in 1998.
He has since been a longstanding resident of New Hampshire, giving back

to his community and residents of the Granite State.
His dedication to

public service and New Hampshire is evident through his previous roles,

including Director of Staff--Air at the Joint Force Headquarters in New

Hampshire.
In addition to his extensive service, Bill possesses a wealth of

knowledge and experience, having successfully completed rigorous

training programs such as Squadron Officer School, Air Command and

Staff College, and Air War College.
His exemplary service has been

recognized through his award of the Legion of Merit, Meritorious

Service Medal with 4 oak leaf clusters, Joint Service Achievement

Medal, and the Air Force Achievement Medal.
Bill's remarkable career also includes leadership roles as the Vice

Commander of the 157th Air Refueling Wing, squadron command, deputy

group command, and tours at the National Guard Bureau and U.S. Embassy

in El Salvador.
He has also served in leadership for the Director of

Staff Advisory Council and the Regional Economic Development Center.
While we can never fully repay the debt of gratitude we owe him for his

honorable contributions, we recognize his decades of dedicated service

and the profound impact he has had on our Nation.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I congratulate Bill on his promotion to Brigadier General and

commend him for his tireless service to our Nation and the great state

of New Hampshire.
This promotion marks a significant milestone, and I

eagerly anticipate the next chapter in his distinguished career.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE URBAN LEAGUE OF BROWARD COUNTY

HON.
DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ

Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ.
Mr. Speaker, it is with great enthusiasm that

I rise to recognize the remarkable work of the Urban League of Broward

County.
The National Urban League is a historic civil rights organization

dedicated to elevating the

standard of living in historically underserved urban communities.
Founded in 1975 as an affiliate of the National Urban League, the Urban

League of Broward County is a community-based organization dedicated to

empowering communities and changing lives.
The League helps our underserved communities achieve their highest

true social parity, economic self-reliance, power, and civil rights.
The organization promotes economic empowerment through education and

job training, housing and community development, workforce development,

entrepreneurship, health, and quality of life.
The League helps our community achieve these goals through a variety

of programming--from their Summer Enrichment Program, which offers

students the opportunity to create, discover, and learn, to ADVANCE-U,

which offers a full range of essential economic resources for residents

to help them succeed in the workforce, stabilize their finances and

build assets.
The Urban League of Broward County's commitment to the health and

wellness of Broward's families is extensive, impressive, and inspiring.
I am grateful to the leadership and staff for their tireless efforts to

fight for the rights of my constituents and all Americans to live with

freedom, dignity, and prosperity.
I thank President and CEO, Dr. Germaine Smith-Baugh, and everyone at

the Urban League of Broward County for improving the lives of those in

Florida's 25th Congressional District.