My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Bills, of course, are going up because the previous Government did nothing as our sewerage infrastructure crumbled and millions of pounds were allowed to be diverted to pay for bonuses and dividends instead of investment.
This Government have ringfenced the money earmarked for infrastructure so that this scandal can never happen again.
Essex and Suffolk Water has issued a moratorium on commercial businesses pulling water out of the ground, which it says is due to the Environment Agency.
The problem is that water-intensive businesses need water to grow.
Aspall in my constituency has £10 million of investment ready to go to grow its cidery.
Without access to water, it cannot make that investment.
If this Government are serious about going for growth, will the Minister meet me to find a solution to the moratorium so that we can move forward?
I am more than happy to ask the Minister for water, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , to meet the hon.
Gentleman, who raises an important point.
I have asked Sir Jon Cunliffe to look at how we can better manage this as part of the work he is leading.
What steps he is taking to help reduce sewage in rivers.
What steps he is taking to help improve the health of rivers.
The previous Government did nothing as water companies discharged record levels of sewage into our waterways.
The Water (Special Measures) Bill will create new powers, including banning water companies that pollute from paying bonuses, and bringing criminal charges against persistent lawbreakers.
Ofwat has confirmed a record £104 billion investment to fix our broken water infrastructure and end the Tory sewage scandal once and for all.
In Harrogate and Knaresborough, the River Nidd regularly overflows with sewage.
When I visited the Killinghall sewage treatment works last year, a key thing that came to light was that water companies are putting in infrastructure to manage the current sewage issue, rather than future-proofing.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure we build sewage works that meet both current and future demand?
The money announced in Ofwat’s final determination before Christmas will create record levels of investment in our water system to do precisely what  the hon.
Gentleman says, dealing with the current sewage problems while also putting in place the infrastructure to manage and meet future demand.
As the Secretary of State knows, North Herefordshire is badly affected by water pollution, with devastating effects for the local economy.
He also knows that agricultural pollution, not sewage, is the main problem in my constituency.
He did not mention that in his answer, so I respectfully remind him yet again that the Government need to tackle agricultural pollution and sewage pollution in a joined-up way.
We know the solutions— Order.
I apologise, Mr Speaker.
I will get to my point.
As the Minister did not answer the first part of the question, I had to raise it.
In North Herefordshire, we know that the solutions require farmers, regulators and environmental organisations to take action together.
Will the Secretary of State now commit the funding needed to take forward the Wye catchment plan, and will he visit North Herefordshire with me?
Order.
I think the Minister has heard the question.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
Our farming road map will look at how we can reduce run-off from agriculture, which is a major source of pollution in our waterways.
We are looking at how we can move to catchment-based models, including for the Wye, where a great deal of important work has already been done, so that we can more effectively tackle all the sources of pollution that are causing such trouble for our waterways.
What steps his Department is taking to support flood preparedness projects.
What steps he is taking to support flood preparedness projects.
The first duty of any Government is to protect our citizens, so we are investing a record £2.65 billion over two years in building, maintaining and upgrading flood defences, which will protect 66,500 properties across England.
Across my constituency of Guildford, the local flood forums work tirelessly, bringing together agencies and residents to address the growing concerns they have about flooding.
Will the Minister provide detail on how the Government will ensure that constituencies like mine, which often miss out because they are semi-rural and urban, get the funding they need to address current flooding issues?
How can we mitigate the growing flooding issues across Guildford in a holistic and sustainable way?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight that under the previous funding formula, rural communities often missed out on the defences they desperately need.
We have set out plans to consult on a new formula that is going to be announced fairly shortly, and she will be very welcome to contribute to that.
Will the Minister confirm what portion of the £2.6 billion allocated to flood preparedness will be used in my constituency of Maidenhead, specifically to protect the villages of Hurley and Cookham?
I think I will be getting a lot of questions like this today, Mr Speaker.
We will announce where the 31 projects will be by the end of March.
We will also be looking at where we have had to put money into maintenance and upgrading defences.
We were left with flood defences in their worst state on record because of a complete dereliction of duty by the previous Government, so we have had to prioritise maintenance as well as building new defences, but I am hoping that the hon.
Gentleman will not have to wait too long.