The hon.
Member makes an important point.
This Government take economic crime incredibly seriously, including when it links to the serious type of activity to which he refers.
What steps she is taking to increase transparency in the Attorney General's Office.
What steps she is taking to manage conflicts of interest in the Attorney General’s Office.
What steps she is taking to manage conflicts of interest in the Attorney General’s Office.
The Attorney General’s Office has a rigorous process for identifying and dealing with conflicts and potential conflicts that arise from Law Officers’ former practice.
As part of that process, the AGO adopts a cautious and beyond reproach threshold to any conflicts or potential conflicts.
These arrangements are long-standing and part of a standard practice that has applied across successive Administrations.
Three former Law Officers have criticised the Attorney General for not declaring his earnings, labelling it as “irregular” and a break from “normal practice”.
Who is in the wrong: the three former Law Officers or the Attorney General?
The hon.
Member will know that the Attorney General ceased all private practice following his appointment.
The hon.
Member refers to fee agreements, and he will know that there are different arrangements and requirements for declarations for Members of the House of Lords and for Members of the House of Commons.
It does not matter which type of fee agreement is in place between a lawyer and their client, because the entirety of those agreements—whether a conditional fee agreement, a damages-based agreement, on a fully paid basis or when acting pro bono—will always be caught by the conflicts process.
The requirements for the purposes of the House of Lords are the same for all peers and they apply just as much to the shadow Attorney General as to the Attorney General.
Does the Solicitor General agree with the recent Policy Exchange research paper “Conflicts of Interest and the Law Officers’ Convention” authored by Dr Conor Casey, a senior lecturer at Surrey law school, and supported by three former Ministers who are all KCs, that invoking the Law Officers’ convention on questions about the potential conflict of interest relating to the work of the Attorney General would be an error, as such questions do not fall within the scope of the convention?
As I have said, the Attorney General’s Office has a rigorous process for identifying and dealing with conflicts and potential conflicts that arise from the Law Officers’ former practice.
The Law Officers’ convention, to which the right hon.
Member referred, exists for very good reason, which is to enable the Government of this country to receive full and frank advice.
In any event, the Attorney General has been clear that he does not agree with that report.
In particular, he does not agree that a Law Officer would  indicate whether they have recused themselves from a particular matter, because that in itself would breach the Law Officers’ convention.
My constituents in Central Suffolk and North Ipswich are decent, tolerant and thoughtful people, but they are left wondering how the Prime Minister has appointed an Attorney General who is a friend and a Labour party donor as well as someone who has represented Gerry Adams, Shamima Begum and Hamas and clearly has questions to answer regarding outside earnings.
Does the Solicitor General think that the AG was an appropriate appointment?
Again, unfortunately the Opposition are falling into the trap of believing that barristers are their clients.
That is a deliberate conflation of representation and endorsement.
As the hon.
Member will be fully aware, barristers are not their clients in the same way that surgeons are not their patients.
That is a foundational principle of the British legal and judicial systems, and Opposition Members ought not to undermine that.
Does the Solicitor General agree that the UK legal system is the envy of the world and a key engine for growth in our economy, and that the Conservative party risks undermining a fundamental principle of our legal system that everyone has the right to representation and that lawyers can represent their clients without fear or favour?
I wholeheartedly agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Conservative party would do better to talk up our excellent British legal and judicial systems rather than consistently seeking to undermine the foundational principles to which he referred.