President Trump’s proposals for the forced displacement of Gaza’s 2.2 million inhabitants would constitute a grave violation of international law, and threaten the fragile ceasefire and the return of the hostages.
Will the Minister condemn them?
The Palestinian people have a right to self-determination and to a state of their own, as has been British policy for decades, so will the Government finally commit to an immediate recognition of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders?
The welcome ceasefire has given us the opportunity to flood Gaza with aid, but the freeze to US aid funding is reportedly impacting the humanitarian response; non-governmental organisations are being forced to lay off aid workers.
What has the impact been on the humanitarian response in Gaza, including on British-funded programmes, and what conversations are the Government having with our American partners to persuade them that abolishing US aid would be a dire mistake?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the important points she raised.
The UK’s position on the right to return could not be clearer.
I quoted the Prime Minister’s remarks, which were most definitely that Palestinians must be allowed to go back to their homes and communities in Gaza, and must be allowed to rebuild.
That is in line with international law.
There is no doubt whatsoever about the UK’s position on this.
The hon.
Lady asked about the position on recognition.
I responded to that when answering my hon.
Friend  the Member for Middlesbrough and Thornaby East (Andy  McDonald) .
The UK has been clear that we believe it is important that both Palestinians and Israelis have the sovereignty that is required for them, and the security that is necessary in order to live in peace.
We will ensure that the UK’s decision on recognition is a contribution to the process towards a two-state solution, which we desperately need to see.
Finally, the hon.
Lady asked about US aid.
I was grateful to her and other Members for coming to our briefing yesterday with the Minister for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , in which we covered this matter.
The UK notes the US decision to pause foreign aid funding for three months, pending a review.
There has been a lot of commentary about that.
It is a fast-moving situation, and we are monitoring it very closely indeed, as the hon.
Lady would expect.
Of course, this is a matter for the United States.
The UK is very clear that we must continue to do what we can to support people in Gaza, must provide life-sustaining support, and must work with a whole range of partners on this, and we will continue to do so.
Vast swathes of infrastructure in Gaza have been destroyed.
What work are the Government undertaking on supporting the Palestinian people to rebuild their homes and communities, as is their right under international law?
This is a critical issue.
Of course, we need the ceasefire to be held to.
As I said, we have to move through phase 1 to phases 2 and 3, but we also need to ensure that there is day-after-next-phase planning in Gaza, so that we can see the building up of Gaza’s governance and security institutions and, of course, infrastructure, as my hon.
Friend rightly stated.
We are clear that Gaza’s recovery and reconstruction must be Palestinian-led.
We have supported the Palestinian Authority in particular on this.
I am very proud that UK expertise has been supporting that work, so that this important reconstruction can continue at the required pace and scale, but we need to see the ceasefire holding to enable that.
What practical support are the Government giving to Egypt now that the Rafah crossing has reopened for medical emergencies?
When that happened previously, it put enormous pressure on the Egyptian health service and caused some civil unrest in Egypt.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, Egypt is also under pressure on its southern border due to the conflict in Sudan.
Does she agree that support for Egypt at this critical time is very important?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for underlining Egypt’s role in this incredibly difficult humanitarian situation, and particularly in relation to medical evacuees from Gaza.
He is also right to underline that Egypt is now housing many refugees from Sudan too.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that the UK is seeking to work with Egypt.
We have supported the Egyptian Ministry of Health and Population with £1 million, delivered through WHO Egypt, to support medically evacuated Palestinians from Gaza.
We are exploring further support for the Egyptian system, which is gearing up to receive large numbers of medical evacuees.
The world is watching, so let us be clear in this House that the  UK’s reaction to this brazen attempt to further rip up international law will echo for generations.
With 61,000 Palestinians killed, the ceasefire hanging by a thread, and now a blueprint to ravage Gaza, ethnically cleanse Palestinians and resettle the land, where exactly have diplomacy and refusing to sanction Israel led us?
Palestinians are now facing mass expulsion, reoccupation and resettlement, all while the international rules-based order has been ripped to shreds.
I believe it has been incredibly important for the UK to engage diplomatically in relation to this conflict.
It is absolutely right that we have sought to work with partners on these issues, that we have supported statements within the UN Security Council, that we have worked with partners in the region, that we have sought to achieve change, and that we sought to ensure the ceasefire was agreed.
We need to see more hostages released, we need a surge of aid into Gaza and, ultimately, we need to work with other countries towards the two-state solution that is so necessary.
I believe our work has been important, and I believe that Members would not have forgiven the UK Government if we had not engaged determinedly with those actions.
My hon.
Friend asks about the UK’s position, particularly on the right to return.
We have stated very clearly, including at the highest level with the Prime Minister’s statement yesterday, that those who are walking through the rubble to get back to their homes and communities in Gaza must be allowed home.
Of course, in saying that, the Prime Minister is restating international law.
Does the Minister accept that we got here after 16 months of weakness and vacillation by both this Government and the previous Government?
As we contemplate the hundreds of thousands of people who are returning to their homes to dig out their relatives from under the rubble, the welcome return of the hostages, and the 40,000-odd orphans—and even more amputees—does she recognise that the hot air we have heard from both Governments, frankly, got us to a situation in which the Israelis are demolishing buildings in Jenin with people still inside and in which the President of the United States is openly contemplating the forcible transfer of Palestinians?
If the right hon.
Lady accepts that vacillation, will she confirm a couple of things for the avoidance of doubt?
First, are Arabs, and Palestinians in particular, entitled to the same protections under international law as everybody else?
Secondly, do we still affirm our support for UN Security Council resolution 3236, which guarantees the Palestinians’ safety, security and sovereignty in their own land?
If so, when will she stop just talking about it and actually take action to enforce these matters in law?
As the right hon.
Member is aware and as we have discussed previously, this UK Government have taken a different approach from the previous Government on matters of accountability.
We were very clear that the UK’s arms export regime had to be held to and operated in line with international humanitarian law.
That underwrote the decisions we took in the autumn:
we said we would examine that regime and deliver on it, and we examined that regime and suspended a number of licences.
He is also aware about the new UK Government’s different position on the legitimacy of the International Criminal Court, the International Court of Justice and UNRWA, and he is aware that we resumed funding for UNRWA.
I do not want to labour the point because so many hon.
Members want to ask questions, but it is important that the UK has engaged in diplomacy and sought to work with our partners.
I believe hon.
Members would expect the UK Government to do that and to engage with the UN on these matters, rather than to walk away.
I would underline that international law is universal: it must be—that is its founding principle.
It operates regardless of circumstance or which population and individuals we are talking about.
On the right hon.
Member’s last point, we have been very clear about the right to return.
The television footage of many thousands of Palestinian men, women and children walking back to northern Gaza was a powerful reminder not just of the forceable displacement they have already suffered, but of the extraordinary resilience of that people.
That is why there is real anger among Palestinians today that, yet again, the very existence of their homeland is being subject to the whims of another colonial power.
I am pleased that the Minister has confirmed that the UK has an unshakable policy on the right of return of those Palestinians, to rebuild their homes and their lives, but would she agree with the UN Secretary-General, who said today that staying true to international law is “essential to avoid any form of ethnic cleansing.”?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for again raising the images that so many of us have seen on our television screens of Palestinians returning to their homes in Gaza.
As the Prime Minister explained, in many cases they have no choice but to walk back to their homes because of the destruction of roads and other infrastructure, but many of those homes have been destroyed.
My hon.
Friend is right that the experience of displacement has been felt by very significant numbers of Gazans: up to 90% of Gazans have been displaced at least once and some up to nine times.
To underline yet another time, the UK’s commitment to international law is very clear.
The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have restated that, and I restate it again today.
I am grateful to the Minister for her response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Esher and Walton (Monica Harding)  on USAID, and grateful to know that the impact assessment of the US Government’s decision about USAID is ongoing, particularly in relation to the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
As part of that assessment, should the Government consider a return to 0.7% of gross national income for overseas development assistance?
If the US is no longer a reliable global partner, then surely the UK should be.
On a return to 0.7% of GNI being spent on overseas development, the hon.
Lady will be aware that my party’s position—the position of the Government—is that we are determined to return to  that level of spending as fiscal circumstances allow.
We are clear that we must play a part in humanitarian questions and, more broadly on development, we must seek to work in partnership with other countries.
We are doing that and have ensured that has fed into our decisions for next year’s one-year spending review, and that will be the case for the longer-term spending review as well.