Given that the Office for Budget Responsibility refused to endorse the £22 billion black hole figure—in fact, it refused to say that there was any black hole at all—will the Secretary of State tell the House what possible justification there can be for the removal of agricultural property relief, which will do untold damage to the growth prospects of family farms in my constituency and across the country?
The right hon.
Member is fully aware of the appalling state the public finances were left in at the end of his Government.
This Government have had to take very difficult decisions to balance the finances so we can get growth that will benefit the entire economy, including the farming sector, which was on its knees after 14 years of Conservative rule.
The Solicitor General was asked— What steps she is taking to ensure adequate numbers of Crown Prosecution Service prosecutors.
I would like to start by congratulating US Attorney General Pam Bondi on her confirmation yesterday.
The Attorney General and I look forward to working closely with her on our long list of shared priorities.
CPS prosecutors perform vital work to serve the public and deliver justice for victims.
We have taken steps to strengthen the CPS workforce, including by boosting staff numbers in specialist rape and serious sexual assault units, as well as by being tough on crime, supporting victims and restoring confidence in the criminal justice system.
All these things are part of this Government’s mission to make our streets safe, and the CPS has a key role to play in that mission.
Will the Solicitor General join me in welcoming this Government’s increased funding of the Crown Prosecution Service for specialist sexual offence prosecution units?
Does she agree that we must continue to tackle violence against women and girls across our nation, and will she join me in paying tribute to the dedication of our prosecutors and police on the front line who are confronting these crimes?
Absolutely; I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to police and prosecutors not only in his constituency, but right across the United Kingdom.
He is right to welcome the increased funding that we have secured for the CPS.
Our recently agreed settlement will ensure that the CPS can recruit more specialist prosecutors, delivering that vital work and putting those who commit these abhorrent crimes behind bars.
Given the backlog in Crown court appearances, and the increasing tide of knife crime as well as criminal activity against women and girls, what steps are the Department taking to ensure that the Crown Prosecution Service is adequately provided for so that justice is seen to be done in the wider community?
The hon.
Member makes an important point; this Government are working very hard to do that.
The settlement for the CPS that I referred to was an extra £49 million, and it is spending some of that on increasing the number of prosecutors who are able to do the important work to which he refers.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases involving violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases involving violence against women and girls.
The scale of violence against women and girls in this country is intolerable, and the Government are treating it as the national emergency that it is.
The CPS has begun securing convictions of offenders who breach domestic abuse protection orders—a scheme that the Government introduced in November 2024 in order better to protect victims of domestic abuse.
Although there is much more to be done, that is  just one example of the clear action that the Government are taking to meet our mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
The national conviction rate for domestic abuse cases is woefully low, standing at 4.5%, but the picture is even worse in rural constituencies such as Ribble Valley, where the overall conviction rate is only 3%.
What does the Solicitor General regard as the unique challenges in rural areas, and what steps is she taking to tackle them specifically?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue.
She is right to highlight the unique risks faced by women in rural areas, including her constituency; increased isolation can bring with it more risk.
To tackle violence against women we need to address the overall number of prosecutions, which unfortunately is still far too low.
That is why, working with the CPS and the police, we have brought in the domestic abuse joint justice plan—which I am pleased to say is already leading to a modest increase in referrals of domestic abuse cases—to improve the investigation, prosecution, and handling of domestic abuse cases.
In June 2024, 60% of rape investigations were closed because the victim dropped out.
On top of that I have heard harrowing stories from my constituents who went to court over their sexual assault, and who felt humiliated and were further traumatised by that process.
What work is being done to ensure that victims of sexual violence are treated with empathy and respect during the court process?
My hon.
Friend asks a pertinent question, and I am sure the whole House will be sorry to hear of the examples that she raised.
She is right to say that all victims ought to be treated with empathy and respect, because victims’ loss of confidence in the criminal justice undermines the entire process of justice.
I am working with the CPS to ensure better support for victims in rape and serious sexual offence cases, including by hiring victim liaison officers in teams prosecuting such cases.
I had the pleasure of meeting some of those victim liaison officers while visiting the CPS in Cardiff, and I was able to hear first hand about the vital work they are doing to support victims.
My constituency is blighted by the shocking crime of child sexual exploitation, and rebuilding trust among victims in our criminal justice system is vital if victims are to come forward.
Recently, eight men from my constituency were sentenced for the horrendous gang rape of two children and received shockingly short sentences; one was as low as three years.
I have written to the Attorney General on this issue.
Does the Solicitor General agree that these weak sentences are hugely damaging trust in our justice system?
Will she commit, via the Attorney General, to reviewing them?
The example that the hon.
Member refers to is indeed heinous.
The conduct of those who have been involved in such crimes has rightly shocked and appalled people right across the country.
He refers to a referral to the Attorney General’s Office, and it is therefore not appropriate for me to comment on that specific case further.
I have had many victims of domestic abuse write to me, following lengthy periods of inaction from the police, the Crown Prosecution Service and other organisations, which have left victims at risk and feeling horribly anxious.
How will the Minister ensure that prosecution rates improve and victims have confidence in the criminal justice system?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
I am sorry to hear of the examples that she raises.
This Government have a historic mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade, and we are taking a series of important steps to work towards the increased number of prosecutions that she refers to.
For example, we are introducing specialist rape and sexual offences teams in every police force; working to increase referrals with the recently launched domestic abuse joint justice plan; fast-tracking rape cases; and introducing free independent legal advisers for victims of adult rape.
I referred earlier to domestic abuse protection orders, and the first convictions for breach of them are already being seen.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the Serious Fraud Office’s progress on tackling economic crime.
The SFO does crucial work to tackle complex fraud, bribery and corruption.
I have met senior SFO staff on multiple occasions in the past two months, and I recently visited SFO HQ to understand more about the ways it is putting the latest technology to use in tackling economic crime and returning stolen funds to victims.
Under the new director of the SFO, the SFO has opened seven new overt investigations and charged 10 defendants in cases involving more than 800 victims.
My hon.
Friend will know that fraud does not stop at the border, and residents in my Livingston constituency are incredibly concerned by the increase in fraud and economic crime and the devastating effects they can have on people’s lives.
What are the UK Government doing to tackle fraud in Scotland?
My hon.
Friend is right that fraud does not acknowledge borders, particularly when it comes to the increasing harms associated with online fraud.
That is why it is so important that the SFO works closely with the Scottish law enforcement authorities.
In that respect, and in others, this Government are fully committed to strengthening the Union.