The Secretary of State was asked— What steps he is taking to promote biodiversity recovery.
This Government are determined to halt and reverse the trend of nature loss in our country and end the cycle of destroy, regret and restore.
We are investing £400 million in tree planting and peatland restoration.
We have announced a new nature restoration fund and set out plans to end the use of neonicotinoid pesticides that harm our precious pollinators.
I am grateful to the Minister for her reply.
The UK is one of the most nature-depleted nations on this planet.
The “State of Nature Report 2023” indicated that up to one in six UK species faces the risk of extinction.
The Minister’s reply is very encouraging, but just last week the Chancellor, promoting the Government’s growth agenda, urged us to “stop worrying about bats and newts.”
If it really does come to that, who speaks for the Government, and whose side is the Minister on—the Chancellor or threatened wildlife?
We have to end the false dichotomy between creating places for people and creating places for nature.
The previous Government introduced biodiversity net gain, which means that when a developer builds somewhere, they must deliver a 10% BNG for nature.
That is in its early stages, after just a year, but we are looking to see how it might be extended.
With the nature restoration fund, we have established a more efficient and effective way to allow obligations related to our most important sites and species to be discharged at scale, which has the greatest environmental benefit and is a win-win for nature and people.
I congratulate the Minister on announcing our plan to ban bee-killing pesticides.
That is welcomed across Monmouthshire,  particularly by our fantastic charity based in Monmouth, Bees for Development.
Does she agree that where the Conservatives failed, this Government will restore nature and biodiversity for future generations?
I do agree, and I pay tribute to the people who are speaking for the bees in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
We will deliver 30 by 30 on land in England.
That means that we will protect and preserve 30% of our land for nature and long-term conservation and management as part of our contribution to international targets.