To have growth in agriculture we need healthy animals, and for that, farms need biosecurity.
Crucial to that is the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which deserves our thanks in these challenging times.
With the alarming recent foot and mouth outbreak in Germany, avian influenza again surging, bluetongue still with us and African swine fever at our doorstep, we must act urgently.
Please can the Government release the further necessary £1.4 billion to redevelop the APHA headquarters in Weybridge?
The programme was started under the Conservatives, with £1.2 billion committed in 2020.
For the sake of agriculture, animal health, rural mental health, biosecurity and national security, please will the Minister act now?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important set of points about the biosecurity needed to protect our country.
Over the past few weeks we have had a series of questions across the Dispatch Box about the foot and mouth outbreak in Germany and avian influenza.
We have had this discussion about the investment in Weybridge, and I am delighted that this Government have brought forward a £280 million investment there.
Of course, we need to do more in future, but what on earth were the previous Government doing over the past 14 years?
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on business confidence among farmers.
The truth is that confidence among farmers has been far too low for far too long.
That is why this Government are setting out the sustainable long-term plan for farming.
Again, I point people to the Secretary of State’s address at the Oxford farming conference.
We will continue to progress our priorities over the coming weeks.
Farmers across Devon are rightly concerned about Labour’s planned changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief, particularly the serious impact on family farms and on the sustainability of rural communities.
In early December I wrote to the Secretary of State to invite him to meet Devon’s farming community, at an event to be organised in conjunction with the NFU in Devon, to provide clarity on the policies’ objectives and to address their concerns.
I am yet to receive a response.
I ask him directly now: will he come to Devon, meet local farmers, and explain how these policies will not undermine their livelihoods and the future of British farming?