The Attorney General has admitted to recusing himself from certain matters; he has also maintained absolute silence about which matters those may be.
In these circumstances, we must ask ourselves: is that the level of transparency that our democracy demands?
What safeguards exist when the Attorney General’s past clients and present duties overlap?
Who, independent of the Attorney General himself, scrutinises those critical decisions on recusal, or do we face the concerning spectacle of the Government’s chief legal adviser marking his own homework?
As I have outlined, the Attorney General’s Office has rigorous and long-standing processes in place.
Upon appointment, the AGO compiles a list of matters in which the Law Officer has previously been involved, by searching cases, cross-referencing with information obtained by the Law Officer’s chambers or firm and working through the list with the Law Officer themselves.
The Office works with the Government Legal Department, the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, the Crown Prosecution Service and the Serious Fraud Office to obtain additional information and compile the final list of conflicts and actions associated with each case.
As the shadow Solicitor General knows, the Attorney General cannot publish a  list of his former clients due to client confidentiality.
[Interruption.]
Opposition Members groan, but client confidentiality is a fundamental principle.
Absolutely ridiculous.
The shadow Solicitor General mentioned recusal.
The Attorney General has already indicated in the other place that he has recused himself from matters.
The Law Officers’ convention prohibits me from listing those matters.
No other Law Officer has ever published a list of the cases that they are recused from The Solicitor General, her predecessor and every Conservative Law Officer from the previous Administration rightly and properly understood their duty to declare previous earnings.
Why does the Attorney General refuse to declare moneys received from his practice as a barrister?
Why does he not acknowledge whether he continues to receive such payments when his predecessors routinely declared both?
Why does this Attorney General think that there is one rule for him and another rule for everyone else?
The Attorney General is in the House of Lords, so the rules that apply are different from those that apply in the House of Commons.
That is the difference between the Attorney General and the previous Solicitor General and me.
Those requirements are the same for all peers, including the Attorney General, and they apply just as much to the shadow Attorney General.
The Lords Commissioners for Standards said that they considered the complaints made by the shadow Justice Secretary about the peers code of conduct, and dismissed them.
Order.
It is past 10.30 am and we need to get through some more questions.
Whether she has had meetings with her counterparts in the devolved Administrations since taking office.
This Government are committed to strengthening relations with devolved Governments and fostering greater collaboration, built on mutual respect and trust.
As the hon.
Member would expect, the Law Officers very regularly meet our counterparts to discuss our shared priorities.
The Scottish National party’s deposit return scheme was a complete shambles, which the last Conservative Government stopped, preventing it from hurting Scottish businesses with more regulation and higher costs.
The SNP Government are now facing legal action over the scheme, with businesses seeking hundreds of millions of pounds in compensation.
I appreciate that the Solicitor General cannot comment on a live case, but will she confirm that the SNP Government will be solely responsible for any costs that may be incurred in handling the case?
The hon.
Member is right that I cannot comment on the specific matter that he raises, but I am happy to look at it and to write to him.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of the use of technology to improve efficiency in the criminal justice system.
New technology has the potential to bring transformative benefits to the criminal justice system, as it does to public services more broadly.
With regard to artificial intelligence, both the CPS and the SFO are keen to explore the efficiency opportunities that this new technology can bring, while being mindful of ethical considerations.
We have seen a sickening rise in predators using AI technology to generate child sexual abuse images.
I am glad that the Government recently announced measures to close the loopholes in this area, but will the Solicitor General assure us that the whole criminal justice system is using every new technology and AI, as well as tough sentences, to crack down on it and protect children and victims of this horrific abuse?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this extremely important point.
That is exactly why I welcome the Home Secretary’s announcement that this Government will be the first in the world to make it illegal to possess, create or distribute AI tools designed to generate child sexual abuse material, punishable by up to five years in prison.
What steps she is taking to help ensure increased prosecution rates for rural crime.
The Government are committed to keeping everyone in this country safe, whether they live in a town, a city or a rural area.
That is why we are putting more police officers and police community support officers on the beat, and it is why we have bolstered the Crown Prosecution Service’s workforce.
With specific regard to rural crime, we are committed to implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023, and to the continued funding of the national rural crime unit.
As I am sure the Solicitor General knows, fly-tipping is the most commonly reported rural crime.
In 2022-23, the last year for which there is full data, there were well over 13,000 significant multi-load incidents; I use the phrase specifically, as it is an internal description.
Those incidents cost more than £4 million to clear up, yet just 22 custodial sentences were handed out in that time.
What assurances can she give me and my constituents that the most egregious examples of fly-tipping, like those we saw in Lichfield two weeks ago, will result in jail time for the perpetrators?
Fly-tipping blights communities, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the issue.
I know that he has also raised it with the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs, but I am happy to arrange a meeting with his local chief Crown prosecutor to discuss the matter further.