The ceasefire remains fragile.
There continues to be a long road ahead.
We want the agreement to hold, and that means that each and every hostage must be released, in accordance with the terms of phase 1 of the agreement, and the subsequent phases.
The videos we have all watched of the released hostages being reunited with their families are immensely moving.
We cannot even begin to imagine the pain that they have suffered since  7 October 2023 .
We also hold firmly in our thoughts the hostages who remain in cruel captivity at the hands of Hamas, and the families who continue to anxiously await news of their loved ones.
The awful news that eight hostages will not make it home alive must be unbearable for the families.
We reiterate our call for the Government to do everything in their power, with partners, to push for humanitarian access to those who are still being held hostage.
The UK should offer whatever practical support it can to facilitate the smooth release of hostages.
The testimony of Emily Damari about the location of her captivity is also very serious, and a thorough and independent investigation  is urgently needed.
I would be grateful for clarity from the Minister on how the UK Government are formally responding, beyond calls for an investigation.
On the subject of aid to Gaza, can the Minister give us an update on three points?
First, what is the turnaround time for British aid—the time between it reaching warehouses in the region and its entering Gaza?
Secondly, what metrics, if any, are the Government using to monitor the distribution of that aid when it has entered Gaza?
Finally, since the ceasefire, have additional types and categories of aid been delivered?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Lady for all her questions, but also for the concern that she expressed about the situation of the remaining hostages and their families.
When I was in Tel Aviv, I had the privilege of meeting the brother of Emily Damari, as well as other hostage families, and obviously their suffering has been extreme.
As the right hon.
Lady said, it has been particularly harrowing for the families of the eight hostages who have died.
I know that the whole House will recognise the pain and suffering that has been undergone by the very large number of Gazans who have lost their lives.
A great many people are, of course, unaccounted for.
For many of us, the situation is unimaginable, as we try to put ourselves in the shoes of those returning to their former homes, in some cases trying to find out whether their family members are under the rubble.
What a horrific experience they must be going through.
The right hon.
Lady asked three questions, with which I will deal in a moment, but she also rightly pressed me on the issue of Emily Damari’s captivity and the allegations that she had been held in UNRWA facilities.
Commissioner Lazzarini, the head of UNRWA, has said that claims that hostages were held in UNRWA premises are “disturbing”, and I agree with him.
I welcome UNRWA’s call for independent investigation of any misuse of its facilities, and indeed there have been investigations previously: the Colonna review investigated other allegations, and the UK has worked with UNRWA to ensure that those investigations were thorough, and that the appropriate changes were made.
Let me turn to the right hon.
Lady’s questions.
She asked about the turnaround times for UK aid getting into Gaza.
Certainly we have seen a far speedier throughput, but I am sure that she would agree that we need to see commercial shipments of goods getting into Gaza; that is necessary if there is to be delivery of food and other supplies on the scale that is required.
We continue to push the Government of Israel to enable that to happen as quickly as possible.
As for the metrics being used when it comes to the distribution of that aid, we are working closely with trusted partners, and as the right hon.
Lady would expect, we continuously monitor the distribution of UK supplies.
Much of our activity has been undertaken jointly with other countries, as well as with UN agencies, and we work closely with them to ensure that aid is delivered where it is needed.
Lastly, the right hon.
Lady asked whether there had been a change in types of aid.
We need access for tents in particular, as well as other forms of shelter and medical supplies.
When I was in Jordan, I saw medical supplies that it had not been possible to deliver to Gaza, and we need access for those.
We have seen improvements in some areas, but given the scale of the challenge, we  need to see further improvements, especially in relation to water and sanitation where there has been a great deal of destruction.
Urgent action is needed to improve the position.
rose— To those Members who were seven minutes late, please do not embarrass each other by standing.
We have seen a really worrying escalation of violence on the west bank, just at the time when this fragile peace has been found in Gaza.
Large parts of Jenin refugee camp have been completely destroyed by Israeli security forces, and thousands have been forcibly displaced.
UNRWA services have been interrupted.
What measures is the Minister taking to ensure that Palestinians can live safely and securely in their homes on the west bank?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
She has considerable expertise in the area of humanitarian support, as do many other Members in the Chamber.
As I said in my previous response, the UK is very concerned about the situation in Jenin, which we continue to monitor very carefully.
We are clear that peace and stability on the west bank is in everyone’s interests—it is in the state of Israel’s interests, and in the interests of Palestinians.
On  18 December , in a statement at the UN Security Council meeting on the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the UK called on Israel to stop illegal settlement expansion on Palestinian land, and we are considering all options for taking further action.