I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for his comments.
The UK Government are clear that Iran has long destabilised the middle east.
That has obviously been done through military means, but it has also given financial and political support to its proxies and partners, including Iranian-aligned militia groups in Iraq and Syria, Hezbollah in Lebanon, which he mentioned, and the Houthis in Yemen.
We will continue to work with international partners to encourage de-escalation.
Long-term peace and security in the middle east cannot be achieved without addressing Iran’s destabilising activity—the UK Government are clear on that.
Trump has lifted the lid on Israel’s real plan: the ethnic cleansing—the forced displacement—of Palestinians.
Nobody can claim any longer that they did not know or do not know what is going on: a genocide.
All the warm words in the world about a two-state solution will not stop it; only sanctions will, as the world’s top court demands.
That means bans on Israeli settlement goods entering this country.
It means sanctions on trade and an arms embargo.
Without doing that, people in this House will never be able to say that we did everything we could to stop these crimes that will echo down the generations.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government will finally treat Israel as they have rightly treated Russia and impose widespread sanctions?
On my hon.
Friend’s question about forced displacement, I was very clear earlier about the fact that the UK Government are absolutely determined to ensure that there is not forced displacement.
That would be contrary to international law.
Gazans must be allowed home and, in the words of the Prime Minister himself, “must be allowed to rebuild”.—[Official Report,  5 February 2025 ;
Vol. 761, c. 745.]
My hon.
Friend asked about the situation in relation to arms exports.
He will be aware that on  2 September  we suspended a number of export licences to Israel for use in military operations in Gaza, and I refer him to my previous response on sanctions designations.
President Trump’s comments earlier this week were grossly irresponsible and dangerous.
Does the Minister recognise that forcible displacement of a population under occupation constitutes ethnic cleansing and is a war crime?
Will she clearly and unequivocally condemn the remarks of President Trump?
Will she recognise the state of Palestine, as an essential step to the long-term sustainable peace that she has articulated support for?