The tragic hit-and-run case of Ryan Saltern in my rural North Cornwall constituency, as well as many other cases across the country, highlights a concerning problem in our legal system.
The driver failed to stop, render aid at the scene, or even call 999, leaving Ryan for dead.
The case was heard in a magistrates court, where the driver received a four-month suspended sentence.
Ryan’s parents, Helen and Mark, and sister Leanne have campaigned tirelessly on the issue.
Will the Solicitor General please look into the issue in conjunction with the CPS and the Department for Transport, and meet me to discuss her findings?
This is a profoundly tragic case, and I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising it.
My heartfelt condolences go to Ryan’s family.
I know that they and others have been campaigning for changes to the law in this area, and supporting families who have been through similarly tragic circumstances.
I will discuss the case that the hon.
Member raises with my colleagues in the Ministry of Justice and ensure that he receives a full response.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people who commit hate crime.
Whether online or in person, stirring up hatred or inciting violence will not be tolerated.
The Government are determined to take swift and robust action to stamp out hate crime, and perpetrators will face the full force of the law.
February marks LGBT History Month, and last night, many people came together in Speaker’s House to hear about the progress that has been made in tackling hate crime against the LGBT community.
Will the Solicitor General outline what steps have been taken to ensure that trans people in particular feel safe, and that perpetrators of hate crimes towards trans people are brought to justice?
The CPS prosecutes all cases that are referred to it, provided that they meet the full code test for Crown prosecutors.
I think we would all admit that there is more to do regarding the incidents to which the hon.
Member refers.
The CPS and police national hate crime leads are committed to joint working to increase the number of police referrals to the CPS for hate crime offences.