The head of the Dover Port Health Authority warned the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee this week that if funding is not secured with seven weeks, food security checks at the border will be stopped.
That will mean unchecked and potentially dangerous meat appearing on supermarket shelves and in restaurants at a time when there is foot and mouth disease in Germany.
When will the Secretary of State protect our borders and confirm that funding?
The National Farmers Union and other interested parties have quite rightly raised concerns about the discovery of foot and mouth disease in Germany.
We are relieved that there has not been a further spread of that outbreak, but we are taking all appropriate measures at the border to ensure that this country remains safe in terms of biosecurity, and we will continue to monitor the situation and take appropriate action to ensure that there can be no repeat of what happened around 20 years ago, when a foot and mouth outbreak in this country devastated farming and cost the economy a total of £14 billion.
I do not think the Secretary of State either understood my question or knows the answer, because I asked him when he will confirm the funding.
Compare this relaxed approach with the Prime Minister’s seeming desperation to pay more than the entire DEFRA budget to surrender the Chagos islands.
Does the Secretary of State really support taxing British farming families for dying, slashing winter fuel payments for rural pensioners, and hiking taxes on rural businesses to pay £9 billion to a foreign Government on some dodgy legal advice from Labour lawyers?
If the shadow Secretary of State really cared about value for money, she would not have wasted £500,000 on relocating her office in the Department of Health, a project that was purely about her own personal vanity.
The people of Fleetwood, Thornton and beyond have suffered from toxic stenches for the past 12 months.
Last night was extremely unpleasant, with residents reporting nosebleeds, breathing problems, headaches and vomiting this morning.
The stench is due to the mismanagement of the local Jameson Road landfill site.
Despite multiple interventions by the Environment Agency, including a six-week closure, the smell is now as bad as ever, if not worse.
Order.
These are topical questions—please get to the question.
What can the Government do to ensure that the Environment Agency has much stronger powers to deal with landfill sites that bring daily misery to residents, such as those living in my constituency?
My heart goes out to my hon.
Friend’s constituents, who are clearly suffering terrible public health consequences from the stink at that site.
There is an ongoing investigation into the cause of odour issues that have impacted the community in Fleetwood, which escalated in January 2024.
The Environment Agency has told me that it expects odour issues to reduce within the next seven days.
Should that not occur, it will consider any and all appropriate regulatory interventions to reduce the impact on the community.
It has also launched— Order.
We only have four minutes.
The area around Heathrow has breached nitrogen dioxide legal limits for years now, so what assessment has the Environment Secretary made of the impact on air quality of both the additional flights and the additional vehicles travelling to and from Heathrow as a result of a third runway?