The Prime Minister’s remark yesterday that the Palestinians “must be allowed home” is most welcome, but the Government must go further.
Will the Minister say that the UK rejects the President’s remarks, and those of the Israeli Prime Minister and Defence Minister?
Will she confirm that recognition of the Palestinian state is an urgent necessity in resolving the conflict?
Will she confirm that the borders of that state are the 1967 borders set out in UN Security Council resolution 242?
Finally, when will the UK Government respond to the International Court of Justice advisory opinion on the Israeli occupation of the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his many points.
Of course, he is right to underline the appalling suffering that so many Gazans have experienced over recent months.
We also recognise the suffering of the hostages and their families.
This has been a truly horrendous time for Gazans, Palestinians and Israelis.
The ceasefire must be held to, not just in phase 1, but in phases 2 and 3, and ultimately we must see a two-state solution.
My hon.
Friend talks about the role of Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
I reassure him that the UK continues to work with all partners in the region towards peace, which is so important.
He mentioned UNRWA.
I am  sure he is aware of the UK Government’s position: we believe that UNRWA must continue to operate, not just in Gaza but on the west bank and, in relation to Palestinian refugees, in the region more broadly.
He also mentioned the situation in Jenin.
We have been very clear: there must be de-escalation.
We are deeply concerned about the potential for further instability because of recent developments.
In my hon.
Friend’s primary question around displacement, he referred to the Prime Minister’s statement yesterday.
The Prime Minister could not have been clearer in what he said; like so many of us, was moved by “the image of thousands of Palestinians literally walking through the rubble to try to find their homes and their communities in Gaza.
They must be allowed home.
They must be allowed to rebuild, and we should be with them in that rebuild on the way to a two-state solution.”—[Official
Report,  5 February 2025 ; Vol. 761, c. 745.]
The UK’s position has been crystal clear.
I do not believe that there is any confusion around it, and I appreciate that my hon.
Friend was not suggesting that there was.
My hon.
Friend asked about the UK’s position on recognition.
He will be aware that we have stated that position a number of times in the House, including at length in the statement by the Foreign Secretary on the ceasefire deal when that was agreed.
We are very clear: the Palestinians have the right, just as the Israelis do, to their own sovereign state where they can live in security.
We are determined to ensure that recognition at the time when that is most conducive to achieving a two-state solution, which is the right of both those peoples.
Finally, on the subject of the ICJ, my hon.
Friend will be aware that the Court’s determination is a very detailed judgment, which it took many months to come to.
As behoves such a judgment, it is important that the Government consider it in detail.
That is exactly what we are doing, and we will update colleagues as soon as we have come to a determination on that.