Title: ANGELO FIELD; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
197

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

ANGELO FIELD

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Angelo Field

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Angelo has achieved great things, all while overcoming adversity and

challenges along the way.
Students like Angelo, who strive to make the

most of their education, develop crucial skills and a work ethic that

will guide them

for the rest of their lives.
This award is a testament to Angelo's hard

work, determination, and perseverance at Jefferson Jr./Sr.
High School

and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising future.
It is my honor to congratulate Angelo Field on achieving the Arvada

Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE AZTECA WEDDING PLAZA

HON.
RUBEN GALLEGO

Mr. GALLEGO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate over 70 years of

the Azteca Wedding Plaza as the Torrez family heads into retirement.
Founded in 1950 by Adolfo and Kay Torrez, their children,

grandchildren, and great grandchildren have kept the family business

thriving over the decades.
Family has been at the center of everything at Azteca.
For

generations, the Torrezes have proudly served Phoenix families through

quinceaneras, weddings.
and many other special moments.
To be part of

memorable occasions and serve their community has been their motivation

and constant goal throughout the years.
Prolific entrepreneurs, Adolfo and Kay's first business was Mexican

restaurant in downtown Phoenix.
From there, they opened a bar, flower

shop.
furniture store, and eventually grew into Azteca Wedding Plaza--

an entire city block dedicated to the bridal industry.
Azteca has been

a mainstay in Phoenix's Latino community, providing a welcoming

environment for generations of brides and grooms.
Now, as a family, they have determined it is time to retire Azteca.
Reaching this conclusion has not been easy, but their decision was

fueled by one factor--family.
Now, their plan is to spend more time

with friends and family and to watch their community grow and prosper.
I would like to congratulate the Torrez family on over 70 years of

business and wish them all the best in their future endeavors.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DAVID WHISENANT'S RETIREMENT FROM WBTV AFTER 32 YEARS

HON.
RICHARD HUDSON

Mr. HUDSON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate

my friend David Whisenant on his retirement from WBTV after 32 years of

service.
David Whisenant started his news career at Salisbury-based radio

station WSTP while in high school in 1976.
He went on to attend

Appalachian State University, earning degrees in both Political Science

and English.
Throughout his four years, he worked at a radio station in

Boone, North Carolina.
After graduation, David returned to Salisbury

and started a full-time job at WSTP.
When WBTV first created their bureau in Salisbury, David sent a

handwritten letter to the news director expressing his interest in

working for the station.
David started at WBTV as a stringer and within

a year was promoted to General Assignment Reporter.
David would go on to provide coverage for Charlotte as well as

Salisbury, Concord, and Kannapolis.
In his words, he would go

``wherever they send me.''
Some of David's biggest stories include the

Pillowtex/NC Research Campus developments, the tragic fire at Salisbury

Millworks, the funeral of President Ronald Reagan, NASCAR-related

stories, and coverage and updates of Hurricane Katrina.
I think I speak

for the whole of our community here in North Carolina in wishing David

all the best as he begins this next chapter of life.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing David Whisenant's

retirement from WBTV and his 32 years of service to the people of North

Carolina.