Whereas: Michael W. Daly courageously served as a firefighter with

the New York Fire Department's Ladder 87 in Annadale, Staten Island,

from 1999 to 2008.
Whereas: Michael W. Daly bravely served the City of New York in the

aftermath of the September 11th attacks at Ground Zero.
Whereas: Due to his work at Ground Zero following the September 11th

Attacks, sadly contracted two types of 9/11 related cancers.
Whereas: After retiring from the FDNY, Michael W. Daly graciously

continued to give back to his community by supporting various

charitable causes.
These include the March of Dimes, dedicated to

saving premature babies, and the American Cancer Society, where he

raised awareness of 9/11-related illnesses by serving as the keynote

speaker at the 2015 Celebration of Hope Gala.
Whereas: The people of the City of New York and Staten Island are

thankful for his years of service to the community in the face of the

worst attack on our nation.
It is my sincere pleasure to honor the life and legacy of Michael W.

Daly in recognition and grateful appreciation of his invaluable service

to our community and country.
Our Nation is forever indebted to him and offers its sincerest

gratitude.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE MEMORY OF JORDAN MORRIS BRANDMAN

HON.
J. LUIS CORREA

Mr. CORREA.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a

remarkable individual, Jordan Morris Brandman.
Jordan leaves behind a

legacy defined by his unparallel commitment to the community he lived

in for his entire life.
Born in 1980 to Michael and Mara Brandman, Jordan was the youngest of

five children and was raised in the City of Orange.
After graduating

from El Modena High School, he attended University of California,

Irvine, where he majored in Political Science and was an early leader

in the Orange County YoungDemocrats.
Jordan interned and later worked

in the California State Department of Education under both Governors

Gray Davis and Arnold Schwarzenegger after his studies.
It was during

these years that he developed a passion for education issues.
Jordan took his inspiring passion for education and public service

and ran for the Anaheim Union High School District Board of Trustees,

winning a seat on the board in 2008.
As a Trustee, he led the effort to

create a culturally competent curriculum that catered to the needs of

the growing Latino working class community.
He brought the seal of bi-

literacy to the school district and helped make resources accessible to

students who were Dreamers.
In 2012, Jordan won a seat on the Anaheim City Council during a

turbulent period of change.
Jordan also broke barriers when he came out

as an LGBTQ councilman--the first openly gay Councilmember in Anaheim

history--giving a voice to his community.
He worked relentlessly to

foster a feeling of community and provide opportunities for everybody

by ensuring that the bridges he built reached the very core of our

local communities.
Jordan, in his professional life, showed a dedication to making

connections between labor and business as the Vice President of Labor

Relations at BIASC and the leader in workforce development for the

Orange County Business Council.
His sincere kindness and generosity

extended beyond the public sphere, having a positive impact on those

closest to him.
Jordan is survived by his father Michael and stepmother Pam, as well

as his four brothers, Jason, Joshua, Jake, and Jedidiah.
He is now

reunited in eternal rest with his mother, Mara Brandman, who he always

held a special place in his heart for.
I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating and commemorating

Jordan Morris Brandman's great career and contributions to our

community.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MARIELLE LINK

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Marielle Link

for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.