Some of David's biggest stories include the

Pillowtex/NC Research Campus developments, the tragic fire at Salisbury

Millworks, the funeral of President Ronald Reagan, NASCAR-related

stories, and coverage and updates of Hurricane Katrina.
I think I speak

for the whole of our community here in North Carolina in wishing David

all the best as he begins this next chapter of life.
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recognizing David Whisenant's

retirement from WBTV and his 32 years of service to the people of North

Carolina.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING KEVIN FUHR

HON.
DAN NEWHOUSE

Mr. NEWHOUSE.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the commitment

of a devoted Central Washington public servant, Kevin Fuhr.
Formerly

the Chief of Police for Moses Lake, Chief Fuhr has concluded an

illustrious 32-year career in law enforcement and is now ready to move

on to the next chapter of his life.
While other regions of Washington State had trouble hiring new police

officers, Chief Fuhr's leadership drew people to Moses Lake Police

Department in the pursuit of working underneath him.
Chief Fuhr's force

also spearheaded an exceptional outreach program, and his leadership on

my Central Washington Fentanyl Taskforce has fostered a remarkable

level of trust within our communities.
When most folks retire, they look forward to all the spare time they

will have.
However, the call to public service continues to ring for

Chief Fuhr, as he has recently been hired as the city manager of Moses

Lake, underscoring his unwavering dedication to Central Washington.
I have known Kevin for a long time, and I am proud to call him a dear

friend, His leadership, integrity, and commitment to the prosperity of

our region has resulted in a wonderful career with more than enough to

show for it.
It has been a pleasure working with him, and I am looking

forward to continuing our collaboration in his new role.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF 103-YEAR-OLD LILLY LOISE CULP HOGAN

HON.
MICHAEL GUEST

Mr. GUEST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of

Lilly Loise Culp Hogan.
Lilly lived a life of adventure and at age 103

was the oldest veteran at the Armed Forces Retirement Home in Gulfport,

Mississippi.
She was born on February 5, 1920, in Obion County,

Tennessee, Lilly was the second youngest child of eleven children.
Growing up during the Great Depression, Lilly learned the value of

hard work by making clothes for all the children at home.
She made her

own patterns and designed her own clothing.
Lilly had many siblings to

look up to and who were a part of her life.
Attending the local one-

room schoolhouse, Lilly was taught by her older sister Zora.
Lilly

loved math and was always competing with her classmates for the best

grades.
When she finished the eighth grade, Lilly attended high school

at the local Dixie School.
Having no car, Lilly and her brother Fred

would walk to school every day, except on the rare day when her father

would allow them to ride the horse.
Fred and Lilly would stable the

horse in the barn attached to the school while they did their studies.
In 1938 Lilly graduated as valedictorian and Fred graduated with her

the same year as salutatorian.
After high school, Lilly wanted to attend college, but her family did

not have the resources, so she started working.
Lilly and her sister

Kitty rented an apartment close to Union City, Tennessee, and together

they worked at a nearby shirt factory.
While working at the shirt

factory, her landlord introduced Lilly to her cousin, Reed Hogan.
Reed

was on leave from the U.S. Navy.
After Reed was sent back overseas on duty, Lilly was bored of the

shirt factory and her life in Tennessee.