H.R. 1766 would directly duplicate, at NTIA, those ongoing efforts

underway at NIST.
There is also a provision in the bill that implicates

agencies outside of the Department of Commerce by duplicating the

Department of Homeland Security's information technology supply chain

security programs.
This Act was included as part of a broader NTIA Reauthorization that

was considered in

the 118th Congress.
At the time, the Department of Commerce weighed in

requesting significant changes to the provision that are unfortunately

not included in the Act we will consider today.
As such, this bill

merits further vetting and input from the Department of Commerce.
This bill needs to be changed to address these concerns.
Until that

happens I must regretfully oppose this legislation in its current form.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
DELIA C. RAMIREZ

Mrs. RAMIREZ.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted NAY

on Roll Call No.
194; NAY on Roll Call No.
195; and YEA on Roll Call

No.
196.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING DR.
HAGIR ELSHEIKH

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Dr. Hagir Elsheikh,

a distinguished resident of the 10th Congressional District, for her

exemplary public service, charitable leadership, and extraordinary

contributions to healthcare and autism advocacy within the Commonwealth

and the Nation.
Dr. Elsheikh is the Chairwoman and CEO of Hagir Network

and the founder of multiple mission-driven organizations, including

Kareem's Mission Autism Support Center, Tomorrow's Smile Inc., HSE

Staffing Agency LLC, Autism Care Solutions LLC, and KMission TV LLC.
A serial entrepreneur, nurse, educator, and a former Sudanese refugee

who survived political torture and violence, Dr. Elsheikh came to

Pennsylvania in 2001, where she rebuilt her life and impacted thousands

through programs that serve children with autism, train and employ

caregivers, and create educational media.
She also mentors women and

youth throughout Pennsylvania in leadership, business, and civic

engagement.
Dr. Elsheikh has earned awards such as the 2025 Globe St.

Humanitarian Woman of Influence Honoree, Honorary Doctor of Humane

Letters from Central Penn College, 2024 YWCA Carolyne L. Smith Legacy

Award Recipient, 2024 Harambee Award, Life Esteem Inc., Pennsylvania

Senate Citation Honoree, and her work was featured on France 24, BBC,

WITF, ABC, AlhurraTV, and VOA.
Her memoir, Through Tragedy and Triumph:

A Life Well Traveled, supports survivor scholarships and peacebuilding

initiatives.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 10th Congressional District, I am

honored to recognize Dr. Hagir Elsheikh as a courageous leader,

international diplomat, and philanthropist for her exceptional service

to the Citizens of Pennsylvania, and for her tireless efforts to build

love and compassion into every sector she touches, from healthcare to

charity.
Her life stands as a model of resilience, passion, and public

service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ERIC MUSSER ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM CORNING INCORPORATED

HON.
NICHOLAS A. LANGWORTHY

Mr. LANGWORTHY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and

congratulate Mr. Eric Musser, President and Chief Operating Officer of

Corning Incorporated, on the occasion of his well-earned retirement.
For nearly four decades, Mr. Musser has exemplified steadfast

leadership, technical excellence, and an unwavering commitment to

innovation and service.
Since joining Corning Incorporated in 1986 as a shift supervisor at

the company's optical fiber plant in Wilmington, North Carolina, Eric

Musser has risen through the ranks, bringing stability, growth, and

global perspective to one of the Nation's most innovative companies.
His deep operational expertise and visionary leadership have been

instrumental in driving Corning's success across its five Market-Access

Platforms and international regions.
As Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Musser has led efforts to enhance

operational performance, strengthen Corning's global footprint, and

implement systems that drive long-term efficiency and growth.
He

championed key improvements in productivity and efficiency,

institutionalized operational best practices, and built a strong

foundation for future leaders.