His deep operational expertise and visionary leadership have been

instrumental in driving Corning's success across its five Market-Access

Platforms and international regions.
As Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Musser has led efforts to enhance

operational performance, strengthen Corning's global footprint, and

implement systems that drive long-term efficiency and growth.
He

championed key improvements in productivity and efficiency,

institutionalized operational best practices, and built a strong

foundation for future leaders.
His efforts have helped Corning

strengthen its market leadership and long-term competitiveness.
Mr. Speaker, I ask that this House join me in honoring Eric Musser

for his exceptional contributions to Corning Incorporated and to

American industry.
We thank him for his years of service and leadership

and wish him and his family all the best in this next chapter.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING NATIONAL POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER AWARENESS DAY

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize

National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Awareness Day, a day dedicated

to increasing public knowledge about PTSD, a complex mental health

condition that can develop after experiencing or witnessing a traumatic

event.
Nearly eight million people in the United States are living with

PTSD, many suffering and unaware of the resources available.
Living

with PTSD can have a significant impact on an individual's daily life,

and an awareness of one's emotional wellbeing, including signs and

symptoms such as avoidance, flashbacks, and hyper vigilance is

essential to fostering healing and accessing support.
Advancements have been made over the years to better understand and

treat PTSD.
Through research and lived experience, PTSD has been

recognized as a natural response to overwhelming events.
Community

awareness, peer support, and destigmatizing mental health care are

essential to curating healing spaces.
Education and training have

equipped community members throughout the globe to be able to identify

and respond to individuals suffering from PTSD with sensitivity and

deep understanding.
To day, we recognize National Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

Awareness Day and the strides made by countless individuals and those

who walk alongside them with love and support.
Let this day serve as a

reminder that help is available, not only through treatment but

empathy, education and advocacy.
Each year of acknowledgement helps to

break down stigma and build caring environments for future generations

and we are all the better for it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MAYOR BILL BAKER

HON.
MIKE ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Alabama.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the

retirement of William John ``Bill'' Baker, mayor of the City of

Piedmont, Alabama.
Bill was born in Far Rockaway, New York, to Edna McCracken Baker and

Fred Stephenson Baker on October 27, 1949.
He was awarded the Eagle

Scout Award for Troop 501 in June 1962.
He graduated from Piedmont High

School in 1967 and graduated from Jacksonville State University with a

Bachelor of Science degree in 1973.
After graduation, he worked at the Department of Human Resources as a

social worker for 36 years.
He also worked at Piedmont Health Care

Center as the Alzheimer's Coordinator and Activity Director after his

retirement from DHR.
Mayor Baker was awarded a State of Alabama Senior Citizens Hall of

Fame Civic Award in 2008 and received the Piedmont Journal Citizen of

the Year award in 2013.
Mayor Baker has served the City of Piedmont since 1988, when he was

first elected to city council.
He was appointed mayor August 4, 1996,

after the death of Mayor Vera Stewart and served until October 7, 1996.
Bill was appointed to the city council on November 15, 1999, after the

resignation of Councilman Rick Freeman.
He continued to serve on the

council until October of 2013.
He was appointed Mayor of Piedmont on

October 4, 2013, after Mayor Rick Freeman resigned.
He was reelected as

mayor in 2016 and 2020.