He continued to serve on the

council until October of 2013.
He was appointed Mayor of Piedmont on

October 4, 2013, after Mayor Rick Freeman resigned.
He was reelected as

mayor in 2016 and 2020.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing my friend, Mayor Bill

Baker, and thanking him for his service to the City of Piedmont.
Congratulations.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING MRS.
BRUNETTE WASHINGTON

HON.
TIMOTHY M. KENNEDY

Mr. KENNEDY of New York.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life

of Mrs. Brunette Washington, a beloved wife, mother, grandmother, and

community member whose love, compassion, and devotion to her family and

Western New York inspired all who knew her.
Mrs. Washington passed away

this month at the age of 111, having lived a fulfilling and rewarding

life.
Mrs. Washington was born on June 7, 1914, in Forkland, Alabama, and

later moved to Lackawanna, New York, where she shared more than seven

decades with her husband, Mr. James Washington.
Together, the loving

couple became parents to Israel, Willie (Lott), Marvis (Washington),

and Winona (Kirkland).
She is survived by many who loved her, including five grandchildren,

nine great-grandchildren, eleven great-great grandchildren, and one

great-great-great grandchild.
Her love for her family and community

left a lasting impact on all who crossed her path.
Respectfully known as ``Mother Washington'' to her congregation at

Macedonia Baptist Church, where she served as a Sunday school teacher,

member of the nurses guild, and President of the Mission Society, she

is remembered for ministering to the youth, helping those in need, and

as a joyful singer for the Lord in the church's choir.
Mr. Speaker, Mrs. Brunette Washington lived a life of devotion to her

family, her community, and her faith.
Her unwavering commitment to

those she loved and her compassion towards others made a profound

impact on all who knew her.
Mrs. Washington was a woman who believed in

the importance of family above all else and worked tirelessly to

support those around her.
Her kindness, loyalty, and warmth will

forever be remembered.
Let us continue to honor her legacy by carrying

forward the values she lived by: respect, service, and above all, love.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, July 17, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 22

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Vice

Admiral Frank M. Bradley, USN, to be admiral and

Commander, United States Special Operation Command, and

Lieutenant General Dagvin R.M. Anderson, USAF, to be

general and Commander, United States Africa Command.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Joseph

Barloon, of Maryland, to be a Deputy United States

Trade Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of

Ambassador, and Brian Morrissey, Jr., of Virginia, to

be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines,

and Safety

To hold hearings to examine issues impacting the trucking

and commercial bus industries.