MEETINGS SCHEDULED

JULY 22

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Vice

Admiral Frank M. Bradley, USN, to be admiral and

Commander, United States Special Operation Command, and

Lieutenant General Dagvin R.M. Anderson, USAF, to be

general and Commander, United States Africa Command.
9:45 a.m.

Committee on Finance

Business meeting to consider the nominations of Joseph

Barloon, of Maryland, to be a Deputy United States

Trade Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of

Ambassador, and Brian Morrissey, Jr., of Virginia, to

be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury.
10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Surface Transportation, Freight, Pipelines,

and Safety

To hold hearings to examine issues impacting the trucking

and commercial bus industries.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Jason

Evans, of Texas, to be an Under Secretary of State

(Management).
10:15 a.m.

Committee on Finance

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jonathan

McKernan, of Tennessee, to be an Under Secretary of the

Treasury, and Alex Adams, of Idaho, to be Assistant

Secretary for Family Support, Department of Health and

Human Services.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine securing the skies, focusing

on law enforcement, drones, and public safety.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere, Transnational Crime,

Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global

Women's Issues

To hold hearings to examine the status of democracy and

human rights in Hong Kong, focusing on five years after

the PRC's judicial takeover.
Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Border Security and Immigration

To hold hearings to examine criminal aliens in America.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
JULY 23

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Seval Oz,

of California, and Michael Rutherford, of Florida, both

to be an Assistant Secretary, and Gregory Zerzan, of

Texas, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of

Transportation.
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources

To hold hearings to examine challenges to meeting

increased electricity demand.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Katherine

Scarlett, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Council on

Environmental Quality, and Jeffrey Hall, of Virginia,

to be an Assistant Administrator, both of the

Environmental Protection Agency.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Business meeting to consider pending calendar

nominations; to be immediately followed by a hearing to

examine dismantling transnational criminal

organizations in the Americas.
2 p.m.

Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

Subcommittee on Education and the American Family

To hold hearings to examine choice and literacy, focusing

on empowering families for better educational results.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and

Counterterrorism

To hold hearings to examine United States diplomatic

strategies for a dynamic Middle East.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

To hold hearings to examine innovation in the crosshairs,

focusing on countering China's industrial espionage.
3 p.m.

Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Richard

Fordyce, of Missouri, to be Under Secretary of

Agriculture for Farm Production and Conservation.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

Subcommittee on Transportation and Infrastructure

To hold hearings to examine the road ahead, focusing on

proposals to improve America's transportation

infrastructure.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
4 p.m.

Committee on Veterans' Affairs

To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations.
JULY 24

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Admiral

Daryl L. Caudle, USN, for reappointment to the grade of

admiral and to be Chief of Naval Operations, Department

of Defense.