They mobilized

in response to Kansas City's annexation of surrounding towns and began

signing petitions to remain a distinct locality from Kansas City,

showing the same streak of local pride, fierce autonomy, and initiative

that still embodies Raytown and its residents 75 years later.
Raytown's community has changed substantially since its advent, from

the city's agrarian roots to a suburban business hub.
The city began

with a single store, a post office, and a doctor's office, but

currently hosts over 2,500 businesses, a testament to how the city has

expanded over the years.
Its proximity to Kansas City and small-town

charm makes it appealing to city commuters looking for a slower pace to

life.
Just over 30,000 residents call Raytown home, truly making it a

small city with huge opportunity.
Raytown's residents can enjoy a

thriving community that offers a wide variety of amenities.
Visitors

stop by to enjoy Raytown's rich history, including the Rice-Tremonti

Home and Cave Spring--both former campsites for wagon trains--as well

as the Santa Fe, Oregon, and California Trail crossings.
Raytown's welcoming atmosphere and small-town feel exemplify the

values of Missouri's 5th District, and the city's recent revitalization

efforts come just in time for our district to welcome thousands of

international visitors next year for the 2026 World Cup.
As Raytown

prepares, I am sure that visitors will experience the same hospitality

that I know so well.
On behalf of Missouri's Fifth Congressional

District, I congratulate Raytown on its 75th Anniversary of

incorporation and may its community enjoy many more years of prosperity

and fellowship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING SUE ANN McCLELLAN ON HER RETIREMENT

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sue Ann

McClellan, the University of Memphis Cecil C. Humphreys School of Law

Assistant Dean for Admissions, who will be retiring on July 30 after 30

years.
Dean McClellan has guided students at my law school alma mater into

the legal profession by keeping a close eye on undergraduate prospects,

encouraging applicants, evaluating candidates and then watching them

mature through the bar exam and on to successful legal careers both

locally and across the country.
She was instrumental in the creation of

the Summer Law Intern Program (known as SLIP), which encourages diverse

and talented high school students to work as interns in private law

practices, corporate law offices and government agencies, often

spurring an early interest in pursuing the profession.
She was also

involved in the school's response to COVID-19, by addressing the

ongoing decline in enrollment, and in the School's 2010 move from the

main university campus to the former U.S. Customs House, Court House

and Post Office building on the Mississippi River Bluff downtown.
She

is a 1976 graduate of Blackburn College in Carlinville, Illinois, with

a degree in Sociology.
She received a Master's degree in Higher

Education Administration in 1985 from Southern Illinois University--

Carbondale, and a Doctor of Education degree in Higher Education

Administration in 1995 from the University of Memphis.
Through the years, Dean McClellan has been like a mother to students

and follows their careers with pride.
In a statement released by the

University, Dean McClellan said: ``I've always felt that listening is

such a critical element of building a relationship.
And relationships

are what all of this is built upon.''
I congratulate Dean McClellan for a stellar career advancing legal

education and helping produce the talented legal professionals for

which the university is known.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING CHARLES PARSON GAYLOR, III

HON.
DONALD G. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of North Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record the

following obituary of Charles P. Gaylor, III.
Charles P. Gaylor, III Obituary

Charles ``Charlie'' Parson Gaylor, III, a beloved husband,

father, grandfather, and dedicated servant to the Goldsboro

community, passed away on July 1, 2025, at the age of 75.