Title: SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS; Congressional Record Vol.
171, No.
161

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, October 2, 2025 may be found in the

Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 7

9 a.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

To hold oversight hearings to examine the Department of

Justice.
9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of John Noh,

of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary, Charles Young

III, of West Virginia, to be General Counsel of the

Department of the Army, and William Lane III, of

Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of

the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense, and

David Beck, of Tennessee, to be Deputy Administrator

for Defense Programs, National Nuclear Security

Administration, Department of Energy.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on Armed Services

Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities

To hold hearings to examine on threats and challenges

posed to Department of Defense personnel and operations

from adversarial access to publicly available data

coupled with advanced data analysis tools now widely

available on the commercial market.
Committee on Foreign Relations

Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, and International

Cybersecurity Policy

To hold hearings to examine combatting the People's

Republic of China's behavior in the Indo-Pacific.
3 p.m.

Select Committee on Intelligence

To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence

matters.
OCTOBER 8

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine big tech and silencing

Americans.
Committee on Environment and Public Works

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Ho Nieh,

of Alabama, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory

Commission, and Douglas Troutman, of Maryland, to be

Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances of the

Environmental Protection Agency.
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions

To hold hearings to examine labor law reform part 1,

focusing on diagnosing the issues and exploring current

proposals.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine the Patent Eligibility

Restoration Act, focusing on restoring clarity,

certainty, and predictability to the United States

patent system.
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship

Business meeting to consider the nomination of William

Kirk, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Small

Business Administration.
Select Committee on Intelligence

To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joshua

Simmons, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the

Central Intelligence Agency, and Peter Metzger, of the

District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary of the

Treasury for Intelligence and Analysis.
3:15 p.m.

Special Committee on Aging

To hold hearings to examine closing loopholes that kill

American patients.
OCTOBER 9

9:30 a.m.

Committee on Armed Services

To hold hearings to examine the nomination of General

Kenneth S. Wilsbach, USAF, for reappointment to the

grade of general and to be Chief of Staff of the Air

Force.