I agree with the Minister that the Government have changed how growth is happening in local government, because apart from the massive growth in the numbers of people rough sleeping and the massive growth in piles of rubbish uncollected in Birmingham, there is little evidence of economic growth at the local level.
Does the Minister acknowledge that when we compare band D equivalents, Conservative councils consistently charge much lower council tax than Labour or Lib Dem ones?
The best way for our constituents to ensure local growth is to vote Conservative at the council elections.
I have been there.
It is horrible in opposition.
It gets to the point where, a couple of hours before orals, someone tells you that have to ask the clip question on council tax.
All I will say to the hon.
Gentleman is that I know that the people of our country are smart enough to decide which of us they would rather.
What steps she is taking to ensure that property management companies are adequately regulated.
What steps her Department plans to take to limit excessive service charges imposed on leasehold properties.
The Government recognise the considerable financial strain that rising service charges are placing on leaseholders.
That is why we intend to consult on the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024’s provisions on service charges and bring them into force as quickly as possible thereafter.
This year, we will also consult on strengthening the regulation of managing agents, including, as a minimum, introducing mandatory professional qualifications to set a new basic standard that managing agents will be required to meet.
On Friday, I met with Jacqui, Gary and Simon in Fairwater Drive in my Spelthorne constituency.
Jacqui’s service charge is going up from £1,500 a year to £4,800.
I sat down and had a look at the bills, and they are without any itemisation, so it is impossible to know where to start with the property manager.
The Minister wrote in response to a recent written question: “We will set out our full position on regulation of estate, letting and managing agents in due course.”
Can he give some reassurance to Jacqui, Gary and Simon that their interests will not be put on to the back-burner and suggest when “in due course” might be?
I am sorry to hear about the experience of Jacqui, Gary and Simon.
As I said, the Government are fully committed to protecting leaseholders from abuse and poor service at the hands of unscrupulous managing agents.
Despite committing to regulate the property agent sector in 2018, the hon.
Gentleman will know that the previous Government failed to do so.
This Government will act.
We are looking again at the recommendations of the 2019 report commissioned from Lord Best, which was not acted upon by the previous Government over many years.
As I have made clear, we intend to consult on the regulation of managing agents this year.
Many leaseholders in Southampton Itchen who are still waiting for fire remediation work to be done are now being clobbered by extortionate service charges.
In one case, a constituent went from paying £800 a year to £3,300 a year, with next to no clarity that that money is being spent well.
Despite my recent meetings with developers and management companies, I am yet to be convinced that there is any end in sight for my constituents.
What conversations are the Government having with management companies that are letting service charges spiral out of control?
I recognise, as I said, the challenges experienced by leaseholders.
When it comes to insurance, the Minister for Building Safety recently met the industry to discuss how we can bring premiums down.
When it comes to service charges, I assure my hon.
Friend the Member for Southampton Itchen that we understand, not least because I have significant numbers of such cases in my constituency, the considerable and, in some cases, intolerable financial strain being placed on leaseholders as a result of opaque and unaffordable service charges.
We are committed to empowering leaseholders to challenge unreasonable service charge increases, and my hon.
Friend will not have to wait long for us to take action to that end.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Secretary of State for Education on the potential implications for her policies of councils becoming insolvent due to inadequate funding for SEND education.
The Government recognise the impact that spending on special educational needs and disabilities is having on council finances.
A £1 billion increase to SEND and alternative provision was announced for 2025-26 in the autumn statement.
The Government intend to set out plans for reforming the SEND system in further detail this year.
That will include details on how the Government will support local authorities to deal with their historical and accruing dedicated schools grant deficits.
Next March, when local authorities can no longer exclude the high needs elements from their balance sheets, half of them will go bankrupt as it now stands.
For the East Riding, it is estimated that this year’s education budget is £17 million in deficit.
That is largely because of increased high needs spending on  pupils with special education needs.
Can the Minister give me an undertaking that we will not next year find ourselves either crushing the needs of special needs children or those of other needs in society?
First, we need to repair the system of SEND provision and deal with its impact on local authorities.
The system is not sustainable in its current form, and we must reform it from the ground upwards.
Secondly, deficits have been accruing and are still accruing, and that is a big issue.
We certainly do not intend councils to be the victims of a system over which they have had no control, and we will work with them in our endeavour to prevent that.
As a SEND parent, my view of my child’s needs is holistic: I do not believe that they simply stop where the responsibilities of a local authority lie.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our SEND policy reflects such needs and the responsibilities of, for instance, the Department of Health and Social Care, the Treasury and the Department for Education, as well as local authorities?
As my hon.
Friend says, this issue requires a whole-of-Government approach.
When Governments work in silos, it is those who need support the most who fall through the gaps in the end.
This Government do work across Departments, including our own and the Department for Education, to ensure that we have a single plan.
Ultimately, of course, we have to deal with the financial impact on councils, but it is the young people going through the system who really matter.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, which states that I am a trade union member.
Let me update the House on the waste dispute in Birmingham.
Our priority is tackling the misery and disruption caused to residents.
The Government have consistently urged the council and Unite to sit down and resolve the dispute; it is welcome that they met yesterday and that further talks are taking place today, but we continue to press all parties to negotiate that urgently needed resolution.
It is essential to protect public health by tackling the backlog of waste, and my Department is in close contact with the council.
This weekend I met the council leader and the managing director, and we are providing ongoing support to address the public health emergency.
Collections took place over the weekend, and will continue this week to clear the backlog and protect public health.
The Government continue to support Birmingham’s recovery.
Needless to say, everyone wishes the Secretary of State well with that.
In March, the Chancellor said: “The regulatory system has become burdensome to the point of choking off innovation, investment and growth.
We will free businesses from that stranglehold”.
In my constituency, the Finnish company Metsä Tissue wants to invest hundreds of millions to build a state-of-the-art tissue manufacturing plant.
The investment will provide 400 direct jobs, thousands of other jobs and £30 million a year for the local economy, but although the site is a freeport, the investment is hampered by monumental costs of £113 million to make it ready, although the same process on an equivalent site in Sweden will cost £4.5 million.
What are the Government doing to correct this problem?
We have been doing a lot to try to ensure that, under this Government, taxpayers get value for money from the fair and reasonable amounts that we can invest to make land ready for development.
As the right hon.
Member said, we have the freeports—some of them a legacy from the previous Government—but we want to see infrastructure built, which is why we are bringing forward the Planning and Infrastructure Bill.
We have committed ourselves to 150 new major infrastructure projects, so hopefully we will kick-start the economy in a way that his Government was unable to.
I was delighted recently to see civic and business leaders in Southampton join the Labour council in launching their Renaissance Vision, setting out an ambitious agenda for regeneration and house building in the city.
What steps will the Government take in the upcoming spending review to support and enable house building visions such as this?
I do not begrudge my hon.
Friend his attempt, but he will have to wait for the spending review outcomes to receive an answer to his question.