British Steel is a private company owned by Jingye, and it is for Jingye to make its own decisions.
I have said multiple times that we will continue to talk to see if we can come to an agreement on the very generous offer that was made.
We are looking at all options, because we know that is the right thing to do.
To be clear, we do not want the blast furnaces to close, and we want to come to an agreement.
I wish the Minister would stop saying that some of these issues are complicated, and therefore that we should not debate them.
We are sent here to debate complicated issues, and she is supposed to be here to answer our questions.
We are witnessing the absurd spectacle of the Government begging a Chinese company to take taxpayers’ money to keep British Steel alive, while China suppresses its own costs and dumps its steel on other countries.
We may soon be the only G7 country incapable of producing primary steel.
The Minister brushes off the reality of crippling British energy costs, which will only get worse in the years ahead as a matter of deliberate Government policy.
Why will she not guarantee the supply of the raw materials needed to keep the blast furnaces open, and why will she not admit that steel has no future in this country so long as this Government’s trade and climate policies continue?
If only the hon.
Member had done something when he had some influence as an adviser to a previous Prime Minister.
That would have been good, wouldn’t it?
I was not sent here to divulge commercially confidential conversations with a private company that affect thousands of people’s jobs, and if the hon.
Member thinks that I was, he is wrong.
We are not going to do that, nor are we begging anywhere for anything— You are.
No, absolutely not,
and I am disappointed that the hon.
Member would speak in that way.
As he knows, we are having a conversation about a potential deal that we believe is there to be done with British Steel.
On the wider issue, it is a fact that China produces 53% of the world’s steel, and we have huge issues with that, as the hon.
Member knows.
The tariffs have over-complicated the situation, which is why the Secretary of State is meeting the Trade Remedies Authority today, why we are looking at our trade strategy, and why we are talking to the Americans to make sure we can do a deal with them.
We will continue to ensure that we have all the protection we need, in terms of stopping the onshoring of steel as much as we can.
Those conversations will continue.
The TRA is now looking at steel, and we expect those results quite soon.