Speculation around British Steel at the Scunthorpe plant is deeply concerning for the workers and business owners alike, who are desperately waiting for the Government to deliver just one piece of good news.
Steel is vital to our green economy as it plays a huge role in our ability to extend our railways and to build zero carbon homes.
What incentive does British Steel have to keep going?
It has had to contend with the Chancellor’s decision to hike national insurance contributions and with Trump’s terrifying tariffs.
Manufacturing businesses need the Government to offer reassurance, certainty and stability.
We need to move from a patchwork of last-minute rescues to a long-term plan that will see industry on a sustainable footing.
We need a robust industrial strategy with a proper plan for steel within it.
We have been told to expect this industrial strategy shortly.
Will the Minister confirm exactly when we will have it?
Can she reassure the small and medium-sized manufacturing businesses in my constituency and across rural England that Britain wants them to grow?
Will the strategy include a long-term vision that will allow the UK to secure the investment that we need for virgin steel production?
I can reassure the hon.
Lady that we are developing a long- term plan in the industrial strategy.
We are developing the plan for steel, as I have said, and alongside that we have our trade strategy, which has become very significant in recent times.
She is right to point to the tariffs that have been placed on steel and aluminium.
This is a deeply difficult situation and I have met the steel sector on multiple occasions to talk about it.
That is what the conversation that is happening in Stafford as we speak is about: what extra measures need to be put in place.
The Secretary of State met the Trade Remedies Authority this morning to push on some of the issues around trade protections.
The hon.
Lady talked about the SME manufacturing supply chain.
Of course that is very important and we will do what we can within the industrial strategy and the steel strategy to support those businesses.
I understand that the speculation about what may or may not happen at Scunthorpe is deeply distressing, not just to the workers and their families but to all those who are part of the supply chain.
That is why we will continue at pace to have the conversations we need to have with British Steel to ensure that we do the right thing, and as I said, nothing is off the table.
The whole of northern Lincolnshire will feel the brunt of this British Steel decision, should the site close, and I urge Jingye to reconsider the Government’s generous £500 million offer.
Support through the Department for Work and Pensions is really welcome but the truth is that people have been leaving British Steel for years because of the cycle of its uncertain future.
I welcome the Government’s comment that no options are off the table.
In the interim, are the Government considering ordering the raw materials to keep the blast furnaces burning?