Last month, I was in a field near the East Carr estate in Hull.
With the River Humber in the distance, the field lay submerged under water and sat clearly below sea level.
Residents told me that the field acts as a barrier between their homes and the water, and they were really worried that the planned development, which is in the Hull local plan, will leave them with flooded homes.
Can the Minister reassure me, and residents in Hull and other low-lying communities, that the Government will ensure that the land use framework for determining areas for development will consider flood risk management and the delivery of sustainable drainage systems?
We took action on SUDS in the national policy planning framework, and we have made very welcome improvements in that area.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has launched a consultation on the land use framework.
I take it that the hon.
Lady has submitted her views, and we will publish the response to that consultation in due course.
I alluded earlier to Bracknell being 76 years old.
One of the challenges we face, especially in our older estates, is insufficient parking.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the Government, the council and social housing providers can work together to address this issue?
We are determined to drive up standards across the private parking sector, and my colleagues in the Department for Transport are across the other elements of the parking sector.
We will announce our plans regarding the private parking code of practice in due course, and I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this issue further.
With rats as big as cats, over 17,000 tonnes of rubbish piled up in the streets of Birmingham, and stories of rubbish being set alight in some streets, the bin strike is a problem that needs to be sorted out by Labour-run Birmingham city council and this Government.
Can the Minister reassure me that neighbouring authorities, such as Walsall borough council, will be reimbursed for any additional costs that we incur as a result of the strike?
All of us understand how difficult things are in Birmingham, and it is the Government’s job to support Birmingham to recover and get services back to normal.
There are three strands: regularising the negotiations with the trade unions to find a long-term solution, dealing with routine collections and getting more trucks out of the depot, and dealing with the clean-up of waste that has accumulated on the streets.
We are supporting the council in doing that.
On the question of mutual aid, any mutual aid that is provided by local authorities will be reimbursed.
With the recent announcement that Goodman has bought Luton’s Vauxhall van plant site for redevelopment, does the Minister agree that local government has a key role to play in local business and regeneration plans to help drive economic growth?
Yes.
Economic growth is this Government’s No. 1 mission.
As I have said multiple times at the Dispatch Box, that is an inside job and it takes great local leadership.
That is why we have made a commitment to the devolution of power and resources from this place to such communities, by creating new devolved institutions and backing our existing ones.
Devolution goes alongside revolution in local government in Essex, where we are expecting numerous unitary authorities to be created.
However, local people are concerned that they will not get a say in the structure of those local authorities, so can the Minister tell me whether they will?
There is also concern about local elections being delayed by multiple years.
Can the Minister also tell me whether, year after year, Basildon council will not be held accountable for the decisions it takes?
I pay tribute to local leaders in Essex and other places for the leadership they have shown to make sure that there is sustainable and accountable local government at the end of the devolution and reorganisation process.
The right hon.
Member has our absolute commitment that we will work through those issues with local leaders.
As for the election question, elections have been postponed for a year, and it is our intention that routine elections will take place as planned.
Many of my constituents in Bolton South and Walkden are living in temporary accommodation.
They cannot get a social house and they cannot buy a house, so they have to go into the private rental sector, where rents are sky high.
What action are the Government taking to stop landlords exploiting this crisis and to give my constituents a way out of temporary homes?
This Government are tackling the root causes of homelessness by delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation, and that is being backed by £2 billion of investment for social and affordable housing.
Our Renters’ Rights Bill will abolish section 21 no-fault evictions.
My constituents in Broxbourne rightly expect new schools and health facilities, particularly GP surgeries, to be in place before any new housing development.
What action is the Minister taking to force developers to deliver infrastructure first?
The Government recognise the importance of ensuring that new housing development is supported by appropriate infrastructure.
The revised national planning policy framework, which we published last year, included changes designed to improve the provision and modernisation of various types of public infrastructure.
As the hon.
Gentleman is well aware, we are also committed to strengthening the existing system of developer contributions to ensure new developments provide the necessary infrastructure that communities such as his expect.
I have been campaigning for fair renting in Bournemouth, and I recently held my first renters roundtable at the Bournemouth food bank’s café.
It was attended by, among others, my constituent Alison Thomas, who cannot cook in her home because water is leaking through her kitchen ceiling and she is scared to turn on any electrical devices.
My constituents the Al-Mubaraks, a family of six, rent an overcrowded home, with black mould so harmful that the headteacher of the four children living there has written to my office to express concern.
Does my hon.
Friend agree with me that we need urgent action to improve the state of the private rented sector in Bournemouth East?