The Minister should not waste the opportunity of a lifetime in the parties of the right urging a party of the left to nationalise a British industry.
One organisation that has been utterly consistent in all this is the GMB union: it wrote to the previous Government’s Defence Secretary saying that a business Minister had failed to answer clearly whether virgin steel was essential for defence.
Today’s Minister seems to suggest that it might not be, but we must have a quantity of virgin steel, even if we add other things to it, to embark on the process of making essential defence products.
Seize the opportunity: keep the blast furnaces, and if necessary, nationalise them for good.
If we get into conversations about different types of steel, it is like the Facebook update “It’s complicated”, right?
It is complicated.
For some things, we absolutely need primary steel; and for some things, we do not.
That is why we are carrying out a fundamental review of steelmaking and the need for it here in the UK.
Those results will come out soon.
The right hon.
Member is right that the GMB has been an advocate for this, as have Community and Unite.
We talk to them regularly about British Steel.
I have not failed to notice the slightly odd position that we find ourselves in today.
I repeat that we are looking at all options.
The House will understand that we are talking about large amounts of taxpayers’ money, which we have to spend in the right way, in a sensible way, and in a way that will get us what we need.
That is what we are looking at, and it is what we will do.
These steelworkers do not want visits from the DWP.
They do not even want visits from out-of-touch Labour Back-Bench MPs.
What they want is their jobs: they want to make steel.
It is interesting to hear from the Minister that all options are on the table.
Do they include Reform UK’s policy of scrapping net zero and renationalising British Steel?
It is good to hear that the workers in British Steel do not want visits from politicians; I assume the hon.
Member, and his party, will take his own advice.
I hope that he will understand that we cannot talk about the conversations that we are having with British Steel.
It would be very disruptive to the process, the workforce there, the supply chain and commercial confidentiality.
I can only repeat that our preference is that we come to an agreement with British Steel based on commercial terms, with Government support, but we are looking at all options and nothing is off the table.
Does the Minister agree that we appear to have hammered out a cross-party consensus on the need to ensure that this country is able to continue to produce virgin steel,  just like every other G7 country, for a whole raft of reasons?
Does she agree that the case is underscored and reinforced by the Trump slump, by her party’s welcome, albeit belated, pragmatism on net zero and, one hopes, an attendant fall in energy costs, and by the Prime Minister’s intriguing announcement of the end of globalisation?
Does she agree that those three things have underscored and reinforced the case for continuing to produce virgin steel in this country?
I agree with the right hon.
Member that the world has changed.
We know that we are in a different position than that which we found ourselves in a few years ago.
We need to ensure that we are secure as a country, and I believe steel is part of that answer.
We also need to ensure that we are stopping the decline of the steel industry, which was always the Labour party’s wish in opposition.
We are committed to the plan for steel—the £2.5 billion on top of the £500 billion that we are giving to Tata Steel in Port Talbot.
This is a real commitment to changing how we operate the steel industry in this country, so that we stop this constant decline and start to grow the industry and ensure that we are producing the things we need.