The effects of the Birmingham bin strike have been declared a major incident, they are a national embarrassment, and with 21° temperatures forecast for later this week, they will become a public health emergency.
While Labour Members in Birmingham are busy campaigning for an airport in Pakistan, the Secretary of State is unwilling to visit the city or take on Unite.
Is that because of the tens of millions of pounds that her party receives from Unite, or, indeed, because of the £10,000 that she received for her own election campaign?
I thought the shadow Secretary of State was better than that, but heigh-ho.
This is a local dispute, and it is right that the negotiations are led locally.
We have made it clear that both parties should get round the table, and I am pleased that that happened on Sunday and talks continue today.
Birmingham city council did declare a major incident last week; we expect the rubbish to be cleared, we expect the parties to get round the negotiating table, and we expect this to be sorted out.
The right hon.
Lady still has not explained why she has not visited the city to look at this issue at first hand.
The right hon.
Lady’s manifesto sets out the issue of preserving the green belt.
In this very House, she said that she would transform grey-belt land such as wasteland or old car parks, but also that she would protect the green belt.
In its report accompanying the spring statement last week, the Office for Budget Responsibility stated that most of the additional homes delivered—up to 500,000, according to her—will be built on the green belt.
Is it not the case that she has conned the public with her grey-belt policy, and that she has unintentionally misled this House?
I thought the hon.
Member was going to do better, but he did not.
The Minister for Local Government was in Birmingham on Thursday, and I am always happy to visit Birmingham.
It is a great city and has always been a fantastic place, and I have probably been there more times than the hon.
Member has.
Under the Tories, the number of homes approved on green-belt land increased nearly tenfold since 2009, so I will not take any lectures.
We have said that we will develop on brownfield sites first, and we are taking action to make sure that we deliver the homes and infrastructure that people need.
He could learn a lot from me.
At the end of January, 14,000 people were still on Northumberland county council’s social housing waiting list, yet hundreds of properties right across the county, including in rural Allendale, remain empty.
Given the number of people on the housing list and in desperate need of accommodation, it is a disgrace that the Conservative administration has left them empty for so long.
Does the Minister agree that a Labour council, backed by a Labour Government, will do much more to get people off the housing list and into homes?
Local authorities already have a range of powers to bring empty homes back into use, but I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this specific issue in more detail.