I understand my hon.
Friend’s question about what we may or may not do in the immediate term, but I hope she will respect the fact that we cannot at this point talk about what we might end up doing, because those conversations are commercially sensitive.
I want to reassure her, and the whole House, that we are doing what we can to ensure we get the right solution and that we do not want the blast furnaces to close.
About 10 days ago, I urged the Minister and the Government to use this decision by the Chinese to close British Steel as an opportunity to take British Steel into public ownership.
The situation is urgent.
It has stopped ordering the raw materials for the blast furnaces, and unless those raw materials are ordered within about 10 days, those blast furnaces will go cold in mid-May.
The Minister says that no options are off the table.
Will she confirm that the Government will make those decisions and come to a conclusion about the options within this very short timeframe to ensure that the blast furnaces stay open, and that the right long-term solution is to take British Steel into public ownership and invest in it for British industry, for British Steel and for the workers in Lincolnshire?
As I said about 10 days ago, economics and jobs, not ideology, will drive the decisions that we make.
The hon.
Member is right to point to lots of speculation about the need to buy raw materials.
I assure him that we are having those conversations with British Steel, and we will continue to do so.
As I said, our preference is for a commercial solution, with Government providing support, but all options remain on the table, and I can assure him that we are working at pace.
Wolverhampton North East has the UK’s largest steel processing and distribution centre.
Will the Minister outline how the Government intend to protect jobs across this vital industry by backing a robust industrial strategy and the £2.5 billion plan for steel?
I would be happy to come to my hon.
Friend’s constituency to have a look at and to talk to some of the people who work in the steel business.
Huge numbers of organisations and businesses across the country rely on, use, and produce things from steel, and we need to ensure that we factor them into the conversations we are having.
We are looking at the supply chains and how we boost industry more widely through our industrial strategy.
We are looking at all the things—whether it is skills, R&D or access to finance—that businesses of all sectors have told us they need.
Whether it is through the industrial strategy or the plan for steel, we are trying to ensure that we have a robust industry in this country so that jobs are not offshored and we have the security of knowing that we are producing the things that we need here in the UK.
Between 1997 and 2010, about 36,000 jobs were lost in steelmaking, or about half the workforce—that was under Labour, of course.
I am concerned to hear talk today about  nationalisation, and I say that with due deference to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers) ; the old joke is that if we want to stop crime paying, we should nationalise it.
Given that this Government could not run a bath, never mind the steel industry, would a better idea not be to support the industry with, as I have mentioned before, a golden share to give us some say over what happens?
Again, is the truth not that the dogmatic pursuit of net zero is driving up energy bills in this country to a level that is simply not sustainable for industry?
I will repeat what I have said: we are looking at all the options on the table; we are talking to British Steel about the right outcome; and we will do what is right for our country and our industry.
On energy prices, the hon.
Member is right to raise the high costs of energy.
The supercharger comes into effect this month, and British Steel will get support from that, as will other high-end energy-intensive industries.
But he is right to point to that issue and we are looking at it.