Quite rightly, the Government said in their manifesto that they wanted to reduce homelessness and rough sleeping, but instead there has been a 20% increase in rough sleeping—at its highest in London but rapidly climbing in other parts of England, such as by 67% in Derbyshire.
Homeless Link states that the Budget removed £50 million to £60 million from the sector due to national insurance increases and has called for a reset on homelessness funding.
Where is the Minister’s long-term plan for reducing homelessness?
Will she commit to seeing a fall in homelessness in the next year?
The shadow Minister should be aware of the record of his Government—a record increase in rough sleeping.
Since 2010 it went up by 164%.
The previous Labour Government cut rough sleeping by two thirds.
We have put in an additional £233 million, taking the total to £1 billion.
We have provided additional funding of £60 million to tackle winter pressures.
The hon.
Gentleman should look at the record of his Government and face up to the fact that over 14 years the Conservative party presided over record increases.
We are determined to tackle that, which is what we are doing through our cross-cutting work across Government.
What plans she has to improve security and standards in the social rented sector.
The Government are taking concerted steps to drive a transformational and lasting change in the safety and quality of social housing, including introducing Awaab’s law, and consulting on the new decent homes and minimum energy efficiency standards.
The majority of social housing tenants already have security of tenure, and our Renters’ Rights Bill will abolish section 21 evictions where those are used by housing associations.
I have been working with three groups of residents who live in buildings run by the same social housing provider in my constituency.
Many residents have come to me having been left living in horrendous conditions, with leaking roofs, damp and mould, and unfinished and unremediated works.
Following my intervention, the housing provider has agreed to a multimillion-pound upgrade in one of the buildings, to hire extra staff, and to communicate better with residents.
That is great news, but it should not have had to get to this point.
What more can be done to ensure that residents such as my constituents are not left waiting years for repairs, and that social housing providers are meeting their obligations?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend that her intervention should not have been required to force the provider in question to take action.
In addition to the forthcoming reforms that I referred to in my previous answer, she will know that all registered providers of social housing are required to deliver the outcomes of the regulatory standards set by the independent Regulator of Social Housing.
The regulator works intensively with providers that are not delivering those outcomes, and has a series of powers at its disposal when it identifies serious failings.
I am more than happy to discuss further with my hon.
Friend how she might seek redress for her residents.
My interests are in the register, Mr Speaker.
In what precise ways is the Minister intending to improve the decent homes standard?
We have been very clear that we are going to consult on a new decent homes standard that applies to both the social rented and private rented sectors, and I would welcome the right hon.
Member’s engagement when that consultation is published.