The hon.
Gentleman talks about the number of good steel jobs that have gone forever or are at risk, but that happened because the previous Government failed to intervene to support our steel industry.
That is why we lost so many jobs over the last decade.
Not having an industrial strategy or a plan for steel meant that we allowed offshoring of our jobs in the steel sector, which has damaged us.
He rightly said that in many key parts of our country we need good jobs.
I should say that steel produced really good jobs, which are better paid than the average in the area and are done by really good, qualified people we want to retain in the UK.
The hon.
Gentleman talked about energy.
Again, the reason why we are here is that we had years of the previous Government not intervening in this space.
We are well aware of energy prices in this country and are doing all we can to bring those down.
[Interruption.]
I was asked by the hon.
Gentleman to redouble my efforts in the negotiations we are having with British Steel.
I will do everything that I possibly can—as we are doing.
I hope he understands that I cannot go into detail about the state of those negotiations because that would be bad for the workers, bad for our supply chains and bad for the outcome.
The hon.
Gentleman talked about national security and primary steel.
We are conducting a review of primary steel as part of our plan for steel and we will have the results of that soon.
We will look at those results and see what we need to do.
I should stress that there is defence equipment made in the UK from electric arc furnaces; there is not much defence work either in British Steel or at Tata in Port Talbot at the moment.
People such as Sheffield Forgemasters produce steel from electric arc furnaces.
However, the hon.
Gentleman is right to talk about the importance of national security and to say that the world has changed and things have moved on, so we need to ensure that we are protecting our country as we need to.
As I said in the Chamber in response to the last urgent question on this issue, there is a reason why Putin bombed the blast furnaces in Ukraine pretty much first: it was because a country wants to have that steelmaking capacity.
We are alive to those issues, and that is why nothing is off the table.
We are doing everything that we can.
You’re not!
It is a shame that the Conservative Members who were heckling the Minister have forgotten their own Government’s failure to tackle the problems of high industrial energy prices.
[Interruption.]
They can heckle again now, but they did nothing in government.
Two weeks ago, I was at the Tata steelworks with the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
We spoke to people locally, who had great concerns that when the blast furnaces there shut—it was too late for this Government to take action to prevent that when they came in—it was some years before the new electric arc furnace technology was ready to be installed and to operate.
Will my hon.
Friend do everything in her power to ensure that there is not that same gap here?
The problem that has caused in south Wales has reminded people of the damage done by previous eras of deindustrialisation, and they are concerned that we are now repeating the same mistakes.
Will she confirm that the Government will do everything in their power to ensure that we do not make those same mistakes of deindustrialisation this time?
We are very much planning not to make the mistakes that my hon.
Friend talked about.
We do not want the blast furnaces to shut—that remains the Government’s view—and we will do everything we can to reach a deal with British Steel to protect workers and secure those jobs and the production of steel in the long term.