The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking to build new towns.
What recent progress she has made on the new towns programme.
Our vision for the next generation of new towns is setting the stage for a house building revolution in the years to come.
These will be well-connected, attractive places with all the infrastructure and services needed to sustain thriving communities, including public transport, GP surgeries and schools.
Bracknell was designated a new town 76 years ago in the aftermath of world war two, and it has been a huge success, in part because of the way it was designed, with leisure facilities, access to nature and transport links built into the town’s DNA.
As the Government look to build the next generation of new towns, will my right hon.
Friend commit to learning from the new towns that went before?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
There is a lot to admire from the past, including in new towns such as Bracknell.
We are learning the lessons from the past for our next generation of new towns, to ensure that they are well connected, well designed, sustainable and attractive places, where people want to live, and it is important that they have the infrastructure, amenities and services that they need to thrive.
The housing crisis is an issue in not just our city centres but our rural communities.
A new town would be excellent for our area of South Norfolk.
It would help tackle our local housing crisis and ensure that we could deliver affordable housing for local people, where they need it.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the housing crisis is a challenge across the whole of England.
The independent new towns taskforce is reviewing submissions to the call for evidence as it continues its work on recommending locations for new towns.
The responses to the call for evidence will support the taskforce’s work of developing its recommendations, and the responses demonstrate significant enthusiasm across the country.
Our local paper, The Echo, revealed last week that Labour-led Southend council and Lib Dem-led Rochford council are planning to build a new town of up to 10,000 houses on the border between the two.
I understand that if this is done under the new towns fund, those numbers would be in addition to Rochford’s housing target, rather than making up part of the target.
We would be talking about building nearly 20,000 properties by 2043, which is totally unsustainable, given that our infrastructure is creaking as it is.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether those new-town houses on the Rochford side would go towards our meeting the target or be in addition to it?
We have not selected the positions for the new towns; the new towns taskforce is still working on those.
We have been clear that what the new towns will deliver will be over and above the targets for housing produced through the standard methods, but this is not one of those new towns, because we have not chosen them yet.
In the new town of Sherford, which is already being built in my constituency, there will be up to 5,500 new homes built over the coming years.
However, there are challenges around FirstPort, the delayed delivery of a supermarket and other vital local amenities, and delays and escalating costs relating to the delivery of a new GP surgery.
Also, National Grid pylons are being moved to make way for further new homes, at enormous cost to the taxpayer.
What conversations is the Secretary of State having with key providers of national infrastructure, including the NHS and National Grid, to ensure that such obstacles are removed, so that these homes can be built?
We are bringing forward the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, as the hon.
Member knows, and we have set mandatory targets.
Unlike the previous Government, we believe that infrastructure has to come through this process, and we are working across Government to ensure that.
We are already pushing further on section 106 notices in our work with developers.
We are telling them that we want the houses, need the infrastructure, and want them to do this properly.
What steps she is taking to ensure that new homes are sustainable.
What plans she has to build more sustainable housing.
The Government are committed to ensuring that the 1.5 million new homes that we will build during this Parliament will be high-quality, well designed and sustainable.
We intend to amend building regulations later this year as part of the introduction of future standards that will set more ambitious energy efficiency and carbon emissions requirements for new homes.