Despite the announcements referred to earlier, the Building Safety Regulator is now advising applicants to plan for 16 weeks to clear gateway 2.
That is holding up a disproportionate number of social homes, including 100 in the constituency of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , and it is much longer than is required for planning permission.
What steps will the Government take to reduce the wait back down to eight weeks, as it was?
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bournemouth West (Jessica Toale) , the hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue.
The newly established Building Safety Regulator is crucial to upholding building safety standards, but we acknowledge that it is causing delays in handling applications, particularly for high-rise building projects on gateway 2, and there is gateway 3 after that.
The funding we have announced will make a difference, but as I have said, we are working with the regulator to support its plan for improved delivery, including increasing caseworker capacity and guidance to the sector.
We will continue to keep its performance under close review.
Whether she plans to include more local people in discussions on development in their area.
What her policy is on the future role of planning committees in the planning process.
Local plans are the best way for communities to shape decisions about how to deliver the housing and wider development that their areas need.
We want more people to be involved in the development of those local plans, and a key objective of our digital planning reforms is  increased public engagement with them.
Measures in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will ensure planning committees play their proper role in scrutinising development without obstructing it, while maximising the use of experienced professional planners.
Across my constituency, local people are hugely frustrated at Labour-run Bradford council inundating our communities with hundreds of new houses, while not investing in local services and roads.
Despite protests and valid concerns, the council has steamrollered through developments at every stage.
Yet when vast numbers of local people in Silsden supported the development of a new farm shop on the periphery of the town—exactly the kind of new service that would promote local growth and deliver the new sustainable housing we need—Bradford council blocked the proposal.
How will the Minister ensure that local councils listen to local people and are not dictating development plans to them?
I appreciate that the hon.
Gentleman needed to make a political point to get his clip, but I am glad that we have Labour councils across the country that back development.
Of course residents should have their say, but it is the role and responsibility of local authorities to make decisions about material considerations in planning applications, and I have no reason to think that the local authority in question has done anything other than that.
When I was leader of South Gloucestershire council, in partnership with Labour, we restored the right of local people to speak at planning committee site visits, giving people back their voice in the affected community.
However, clause 46 of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill would enable the Secretary of State to bypass planning committees altogether.
If the Minister truly wants to get Britain building, will he think again and give communities a real stake in local planning decisions?
As I have made clear, we want more people involved in the development of local plans.
There is nothing in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that will prevent them from objecting to individual applications.
The measures simply ensure that the process of determining applications at a local level is more streamlined and efficient.
As I made clear in closing the Bill’s Second Reading on  24 March , the Government intend formally to consult on proposals relating to the delegation of planning decisions in England, so the hon.
Lady and other hon.
Members will be able to engage with the detail alongside the Bill’s passage.
The number of people needing a social home in Luton has gone up from 8,500 last year to 11,500 this year, so I welcome the Government’s plan for 1.5 million new homes.
While we are crying out for houses in Luton, just over the border with Central Bedfordshire developments are taking place right on our border, but without people in Luton getting a look in.
What can the Minister do to ensure that local authorities co-operate with each other to deliver the homes that we need?
We are taking measures to address precisely the problem that my hon.
Friend outlines.
Proposals in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill will make spatial development strategies mandatory at sub-regional level, so neighbouring local authorities have to co-operate effectively on housing delivery and infrastructure provision across boundaries in just the way she sets out, which will address the challenges she outlines.
Dunfermline is Scotland’s newest city and as such a large number of homes are being built all the time.
However, too often those large-scale housing developments are done without reference to local services, such as GPs, and without proper consultation with local people, partly due to failures in the Scottish SNP Government’s planning policy.
What advice does the Minister have about how those issues might be overcome?
Will he engage with the Scottish Government to ensure they are learning any lessons from the excellent changes being made in that part of the UK?
Housing is a devolved matter, but I am always keen to convey to colleagues in the Scottish Government precisely the benefits of the proposals we are taking forward when it comes to planning reform and renewed drive for house building.
What steps her Department is taking to provide safe accommodation for victims of domestic abuse.
Local authorities in England must ensure that support is available in safe accommodation for domestic abuse victims who need it.
My Department has allocated £160 million for 2025-26, a £30 million uplift from the previous year.
That funding is for local authorities to commission lifesaving support for victims in safe accommodation.
One of my constituents is a victim of domestic abuse and on a 999 priority list.
She was served a section 21 notice by her landlord and denied band A housing by the council because, in order to keep custody of her children, she had signed a police protection order stating that she was not at risk of domestic violence.
She was forced to choose between her children and a safe home.
What is my hon.
Friend doing to ensure that councils properly prioritise domestic abuse victims so that no one faces such an impossible choice?
I am so sorry to hear about the difficulties that my hon.
Friend’s constituent has faced.
That is horrific.
He will be aware that the Government are focused on tackling violence against women, working across Departments and being led by the Home Secretary and the Deputy Prime Minister.
Local authorities are strongly encouraged through statutory guidance to give priority for social housing to victims of domestic abuse and their families, particularly if they are homeless and require urgent rehousing.
We are also taking action to exempt victims of domestic abuse from local connection tests, where they apply, to ensure that there are no barriers to victims accessing social housing.
Over the weekend, I dealt with a case in which a homeless pregnant woman, who was a victim of domestic abuse, was kicked out of her temporary accommodation by Kirklees council for no real reason and left on the street.
Will the Minister explain or share with this House what steps will be taken to prevent councils from turfing out pregnant women who are victims of domestic abuse on to the street?
I would be grateful if the hon.
Member could write to me about that specific case.
I will follow up with him.
I recently visited the Glass Door night shelter in my constituency to hear more about the work it is doing to alleviate homelessness.
One of the things it told me was that many of the women who visit the shelter are fleeing domestic abuse.
We all know the challenges if somebody is homeless: it is almost impossible to get a job, let alone to find somewhere safe and decent to live.
The Minister has highlighted the investment.
Can she set out a little more about the money being invested in services not only to support but to protect women fleeing domestic abuse?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the Deputy Prime Minister is chairing an interdepartmental taskforce on homelessness and rough sleeping.
A key part of our work is ensuring that we support victims of domestic abuse and violence.
As I stated, we have already allocated funding to local authorities, and we will continue to work across Government to tackle the root causes of homelessness as well as violence against women.
Victims of domestic violence urgently need safe and stable accommodation.
However, councils have no obligation to offer like-for-like housing.
Too often, the duty is discharged by suggesting private rentals, which are frequently unaffordable or unsuitable for those on low incomes.
That creates a significant barrier for many victims; it even places them in a situation where they choose not to leave, because they cannot have the housing that they need.
Will the Minister further explain how she is taking steps to ensure that victims are offered genuinely safe, appropriate and affordable housing?
Will she consider strengthening the statutory duty on councils to better support those fleeing domestic abuse?
The hon.
Member will be aware that there is a massive housing shortage and that there are challenges around supported housing.
We need to ensure, as we are doing, that victims of domestic violence get the support they need, which is why we provided the additional uplift of £30 million, to a total of £160 million.
We are working across Government to tackle the root causes of violence against women, within which work economic and housing support are crucial.
I look forward to working with her and others on this very important agenda.
What steps she is taking to ensure that town centres can support growing communities.
We all want to see our town centres thriving.
Through our plan for neighbourhoods, the Government are investing £1.5 billion in the future of towns and communities.
The Government have also committed to strengthening the developer contributions system to ensure that new developments provide the necessary infrastructure.
To address vacancy in town centres, we have given councils the powers to force the auction of empty shops.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Burgess Hill is fast-growing, and the Lib Dem-run council is working hard with Homes England to deliver 3,500 new homes, hundreds of which will be affordable.
However, after years of Conservative failure, my constituents are worried that housing growth will go hand in hand with the hollowing out of the town centre.
My Lib Dem colleagues want to deliver a buoyant town centre through a public-private partnership, so will the Minister visit Burgess Hill to see the innovative approaches we are taking to make it thrive again?
I am grateful for that question, and for the spirit in which Burgess Hill is taking on the need to build housing in its community.
We believe that sustainable housing with complementary infrastructure will drive the local economy—it will drive footfall to town centres and help bring private investment to high streets.
Clearly, something interesting is happening in Burgess Hill, and I would very much like to visit.
In Sandwell, we have almost 20,000 people on the housing waiting list—we desperately need more affordable and social homes.
We also have a town centre in West Brom that is busy during the day, but very quiet at night, with no night economy whatsoever.
Both of those challenges could be addressed through development of residential properties in the town centre.
We have a few places earmarked for development, but that has completely stalled, so can the Minister say what more he can do to help West Brom to get building and build the homes that people need?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right—those two challenges can be taken on together.
Creating opportunities for people to live in local communities brings footfall and reduces crime, which are both excellent things.
She has heard what my hon.
Friend the Minister for Housing and Planning has said about our support for house building.
We stand ready to support her community to make sure they can build houses in their town centres.