The Minister for Housing and Planning answered this question just a moment ago.
Perhaps my Mancunian accent will help: the OBR scored the national planning policy framework changes that we have already made.
That is where that figure came from.
Our other plans, including the new homes accelerator programme, the money that we have invested since then, and the changes in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, mean that the number will increase, and we will meet our 1.5 million homes target.
I do not think that I can put it much clearer than that.
There is a real housing crisis in Hackney, where we spend £54 million a year on temporary accommodation.
I visit families, most of them working families, in tragically overcrowded accommodation.
We need this social housing as quickly as possible, and I know my right hon.
Friend is putting her shoulder to the wheel.
Will she visit Hackney to see the work that the council has been doing to build properly affordable social rented council housing?
The council could do so much more with more Government support.
We have over 160,000 children in temporary accommodation, as I have said at the Dispatch Box a couple of times, and it is a scandal that we are in this situation.
That is why the Government are making these changes.
We make no apology for changing the mandatory housing targets to get Britain building again, because we need those homes and those kids deserve better.
We also need to cut the number of children living in temporary accommodation, including B&Bs.
We are determined to do that.
What steps her Department is taking to work with local councils to prevent homelessness.
What steps her Department is taking to support people sleeping rough in colder months.
This Government have increased funding for homelessness services by £233 million, to a total of nearly £1 billion for 2025-26.
The Government have also provided £60 million of additional emergency winter pressures funding to support people sleeping rough during the colder months.
According to media reports, Conservative shadow Ministers met representatives of the Get Living property group, which manages thousands of properties  in my constituency.
In the meeting, they discussed how to stop the Renters’ Rights Bill, in their words, “dead in its tracks.”
After years of promising to ban no-fault evictions, the Tory Government failed to deliver.
Now they are colluding with the property industry to keep no-fault evictions in place.
Will this Labour Government do the right thing and ban no-fault evictions for good?
The Government remain committed to abolishing section 21 no-fault evictions for both new and existing tenancies as soon as possible.
We will ensure that the sector has adequate notice of the system taking effect, and we will work closely with stakeholders to enable a smooth transition.
I recently took part in an organised sleep-out event at Doncaster’s Eco-Power stadium.
The event was set up by the Club Doncaster Foundation to raise money for projects supporting homeless people.
Such fundraisers, and the work done by charities like Shelter and Doncaster’s People Focused Group, are vital, but it is ultimately up to the Government to solve the problem of homelessness.
Can the Minister update us on what the Government are doing to fulfil the need for social housing?
Since taking office, we have made £800 million of new funding available to deliver 7,800 new social and affordable homes.
From 2026-27, we are injecting £2 billion to build up to 18,000 more homes by the end of this Parliament.
We will announce additional funding for next year and beyond at the spending review.
Cornwall faces a homelessness crisis, with 22,000 families on the housing waiting list.
Following a meeting last week with the Minister for Housing and Planning, I propose an Airbnb Bill that will require second home owners formally to seek planning permission for any change of use of their properties.
There is an easy loophole that allows property owners to avoid paying council tax altogether by passing off a home as a short-term holiday let.
Will the Minister please confirm that she will give this proposal due consideration, and will she visit Cornwall to discuss this further?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Our priority is to make sure that we tackle the root causes of the housing shortage and homelessness.
That is why we are building 1.5 million homes and investing record amounts in housing and tackling homelessness, including £1 billion for the next year.
Since the Homelessness Reduction Act 2017 was passed, local authorities have prevented 1.4 million people from becoming homeless.
However, there is still evidence of local authorities refusing to plan to prevent people becoming homeless.
Will the Minister take up the private Member’s Bill that I championed the other week, and that was given an unopposed Second Reading, so that we put pressure on the people who should provide the housing, and no one in this country is forced to sleep rough?
The hon.
Gentleman has done a great deal of cross-party work in support of housing.
We have a consultation in place.
I am pleased to say that I have  met him on a couple of occasions, and he will be aware that we are working hard and at pace to tackle the underlying challenges.
There are 164,000 children in temporary accommodation, and rough sleeping has gone up by 164% since 2010.
We are determined to take action to deal with the challenges, but that will require concerted work.
The Deputy Prime Minister is leading the interdepartmental taskforce on homelessness.
I look forward to continuing to work with  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) .