In my constituency of Exmouth and Exeter East, the Lib Dem local council is proposing to build tens of thousands of new homes with little thought for corresponding infrastructure.
I have spoken to local councillors, and they believe they have no agency in this process and central Government are telling them what to do.
What more can be done to ensure that local authorities are held accountable for their decisions?
Local electors can hold local authorities accountable for all of the decisions they make.
On infrastructure, I refer the hon.
Member to my previous answer.
However, local authorities should, as part of the local plan development process, have infrastructure strategies in place that set out the requirements for infrastructure and how they should be funded.
Next month marks 80 years since victory in Europe, and I look forward to attending many VE Day events in my constituency to thank our service personnel of yesteryear.
Homelessness is an issue that affects many veterans, so while I welcome the Prime Minister’s pledge to guarantee a roof over the head of every veteran, can the Minister confirm what extra support there is with homelessness for the veteran community in Banbury?
Homeless veterans in Banbury will be able to benefit from extra support thanks to a £371,927 increase in funding for homelessness services in Cherwell and West Oxfordshire in 2025-26.
Veterans in Banbury can also access housing support through Op Fortitude.
This nationwide system provides housing guidance and assistance to veterans who are experiencing homelessness or at risk of homelessness.
In the London borough of Richmond we desperately need more social homes, but we are really short of sites we can build on.
I have long run a campaign for the disused Teddington police station to be turned into a GP surgery and social homes, but understandably the Met wants top dollar to fund its services.
Will the Secretary of State look at ways to incentivise public bodies to sell assets below market value for community benefit?
The hon.
Member will forgive me, but I am not going to comment on the specifics of the case she raises.
We are giving serious consideration to how we better utilise public land in general, particularly in areas with constrained land allocation such as her own.
More than half my constituency casework consists of substandard repairs, poor quality communications from social landlords, and damp and mould.
That is why this week I am launching a new safe and healthy homes campaign in Kensington and Bayswater.
Will the Minister outline how the Government will work with councils and housing  associations, ahead of changes in the law and policy frameworks such as Awaab’s law, to improve standards for social tenants, including in my constituency?
We are working closely with the sector and talking through how we can best implement reforms such as Awaab’s law and our intended overhaul of the decent homes standard.
As I said in a previous question, all resident providers of social housing are required to deliver the outcomes of regulatory standards that are set by the independent regulator.
The independent regulator has powers at its disposal to identify when serious failings are taking place.
This morning, firefighters in Birmingham made it plain that they will stand in solidarity with the bin strikers in Birmingham and not collect the rubbish.
We know that there are only 17 workers, which means this is a drop in the ocean financially.
Given that the Government have said they will do all they can to bring the strike to an end, will the Deputy Prime Minister confirm that they will force the council to make the payment, and that they will deploy the Army to assist the local charities and organisations that are helping to clear up and need extra support?
The hon.
Gentleman does very well to go from zero to 100 pretty quickly on the issue, but let us step back from the immediacy of it.
Clearly,  we want all parties to be in the room negotiating the underlying pay, terms and conditions dispute that is at play.
To be absolutely clear, there has to be a red line.
This cannot stray into potentially compromising the equal pay settlement that has been agreed, so that that all begins to unravel.
Bear in mind that that has already cost the local authority £1 billion.
We support them, and we want people in the room.
The deal has to be a sustainable one that will hold.
For the final question, I call Alice Macdonald.
As the Minister will be aware, nutrient neutrality has had a big impact on Norfolk, holding up many homes and planning applications.
The launch of the Norfolk nutrient mitigation fund has helped to make a difference, but we need more environmental solutions.
Will the Minister update us on what else we will be doing to address nutrient neutrality, so that good homes and growth can be unlocked in our local area?
We are supporting a range of targeted interventions to deal with constraints such as nutrient neutrality.
In the longer term, the measures in the Planning and Infrastructure Bill that introduce the nature restoration fund will allow us to provide a win-win for both development and nature, dealing with constraints such as nutrient neutrality and unlocking the development of new homes.
(Urgent Question:)
To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade what actions the Government are taking to prevent the closure of Scunthorpe’s steelworks.
I appeared before this House on  27 March , just moments after British Steel’s devastating announcement of early asset closures at Scunthorpe and its commercial decision to consult on large-scale redundancies.
The course of action chosen by British Steel’s owner is deeply disappointing, and our thoughts remain with British Steel workers and their families at this very concerning time.
Government’s contingency plans have kicked in, and teams from the Departments for Work and Pensions and for Education are there to provide support and advice to affected workers.
We will ensure that support is in place for as long as possible.
Looking ahead, I can assure this House that early blast furnace closures at Scunthorpe are far from a done deal.
We have been clear that the best way forward is for British Steel to continue as a commercially run business with private investment and Government acting in support, which is why we made the company a generous offer of public funding on  24 March .
As Members are aware, British Steel’s owner did not accept our offer or the necessary conditions attached, which were designed to protect workers, safeguard taxpayers’ money and deliver a sustainable company at the core of the future of British steelmaking.
However, that is not the end of the matter.
The Business and Trade Secretary and I met Jingye, the owner of British Steel, on Friday, and there are plans to meet again this week.
The Government remain resolute in our desire to secure a long-term future for the Scunthorpe steelworks, retaining steel production and putting an end to the years of uncertainty, and I can assure the House that no options are off the table to achieve that.
We will continue to work tirelessly across Government and with British Steel’s owner to find a better outcome.
I cannot go into further detail at this stage.
It would be damaging to British Steel’s workers and their families, the company and its supply chain for me to speculate on how events might unfold in the coming days and weeks while a live negotiation is under way and policy is being developed at pace.
However, Members should be in no doubt that there is a bright future for steelmaking in the UK under this Government, and we believe that British Steel and its superb workforce at Scunthorpe have an integral role to play in it.