The Government’s much-lauded policy of building 1.5 million new sustainable homes has been doomed from the start of this Parliament, and we now have that confirmed, with the Chancellor saying last week that only 1.3 million homes will be delivered by the end of this Parliament.
But it is worse than that.
Office for Budget Responsibility figures show that only 1.06 million homes will be built in England, which is 500,000 fewer than the Government’s target, and around 200,000 fewer than the last Conservative Government built in the past five years.
Will the Minister confirm that the goalposts have moved, and that Labour will not meet its target for housing in this country?
I am very fond of the hon.
Gentleman, but I am afraid that, characteristically, he has got this one completely wrong.
The 1.3—[Interruption.]
Will  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  give me time to answer?
The OBR estimated that our changes to the national planning policy framework alone will increase house building to 1.3 million.
That does not take into account the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, and the other changes coming forward.
The hon.
Member for Hamble Valley (Paul Holmes)  is simply wrong.
We are on course for 1.5 million homes in this Parliament.
What steps she plans to take to support house building in London.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of housing.
Our country is in the midst of a housing crisis, decades in the making.
As our plan for change set out, the Government are committed to the biggest increase in social and affordable housing in a generation.
We have already taken decisive action to increase the supply of new homes, with bold reforms to the planning system and the launch of the new homes accelerator programme, which will unblock thousands of homes stuck in the planning system.
In the spring statement, we announced a £2 billion down payment to deliver up to 18,000 new social and affordable homes, and we are investing £600 million in training for new construction jobs.
Demand for housing is greatest in London, which is where the economy most needs new homes.
Building in London means less pressure on commuting infrastructure and house prices in places like rural Kent, but the housing targets for London have been cut.
The Government justify
that by saying that London has “the biggest proposed percentage increase against delivery”.—[Official Report,  12 December 2024 ; Vol. 758, c. 1067.]
Why is the right hon.
Lady rewarding the London Mayor’s failure to build Britain’s most needed houses with lower targets?
We are asking London to deliver record levels of house building.
Our revised standard method sets the housing need for London at nearly 88,000 homes per year.
The previous Government artificially boosted targets for London using an extra 35% urban uplift.
That resulted in a target of nearly 100,000 homes—a third of the previous national target—which could not be justified.
The London Mayor has started building more new council homes than at any time since the 1970s.
He is getting on with building homes while the Tories have failed and are the blockers.
With around 1.3 million people on housing registers in England, it is vital that we achieve a step change in the supply of housing, particularly social housing, over this Parliament; however, in my constituency and across the north-west, housing associations are managing many ageing, low-quality homes that require ongoing investment and maintenance.
Homes for the North warns that many of these properties will become uninhabitable and unsuitable for social housing over the next decade.
What consideration has my right hon.
Friend given to targeting the renewal of social housing, such as through pooling funding with money for decarbonisation, so that registered social landlords can use the money flexibly to combine retrofit, demolition and new build?
That would drive regeneration and reduce carbon emissions.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the absolute mess that the previous Government left our housing stock in.
We will ensure the biggest increase in social house building in a generation, and provide safe, warm and decent homes, by introducing minimum energy efficiency standards and reviewing the decent homes standard.
Recent funding includes £1.29 billion for the warm homes social housing fund, £800 million in top-ups to the current affordable homes programme, and a £2 billion down payment on the future programme, which will be used for regeneration projects that will result in a net increase in the number of homes.
The housing numbers for London were cut by 20% by the Government, but again and again we find in Hansard the Secretary of State asserting that 1.5 million homes will be built during this Parliament in England.
Why did the Chancellor tell us a few days ago that only 1.3 million will be built across the whole of the UK, and will the Secretary of State please confirm that the 1.5 million target has gone?