From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING KAMI WELCH

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kami Welch for

being named an Outstanding Woman in Business by the Denver Business

Journal.
Each year, Denver Business Journal chooses 34 exceptional women in

the Denver metro area who are the area's top executives, entrepreneurs,

philanthropists, and influencers.
This year, Kami was selected for this

award after 14 years in the Chamber industry, including 10 years with

the Arvada Chamber of Commerce.
She is an outstanding leader, dedicated

to the success of the Arvada community and focused on supporting women

in business.
Kami's efforts to develop meaningful industry and business solutions

have led to significant improvements in the city's domestic tourism, a

more diversified economy, and a stronger environment for local and

small businesses.
Those who have had the privilege of working with Kami

attest to her unwavering commitment to the Arvada community.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Colorado's Seventh

Congressional District, I thank Kami Welch for her dedicated service to

Arvada as well as the citizens of Colorado.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MANSFIELD NOON OPTIMIST CLUB

HON.
JIM JORDAN

Mr. JORDAN.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commend to the House the

Mansfield Noon Optimist Club.
Members of the club gathered earlier

today to kick off an extended celebration of the centennial of their

organization.
Optimist Clubs date back to the early 1900s, established to support

young people and encourage their development.
The Mansfield club,

founded in October 1923, is the second oldest in the State of Ohio.
Through the years, its members have devoted countless volunteer hours

to promote youth-related programming throughout Richland County, from

clothing drives to college scholarship competitions and Adopt-a-Child

gift drives.
To commemorate this special anniversary, this year the club has

donated $50,000 to build a children's playground at the Buckeye

Imagination Museum in downtown Mansfield.
A ribbon-cutting ceremony

will take place next month.
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of Ohio's Fourth Congressional

District, I congratulate the members of the Mansfield Noon Optimist

Club as they mark 100 years of being ``Friends of Youth.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS

Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February

4, 1977, calls for establishment of a system for a computerized

schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate committees,

subcommittees, joint committees, and committees of conference.
This

title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate

Daily Digest--designated by the Rules Committee--of the time, place and

purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or

changes in the meetings as they occur.
As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this

information, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this

information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the

Congressional Record on Monday and Wednesday of each week.
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, September 28, 2023 may be found in

the Daily Digest of today's Record.
MEETINGS SCHEDULED

OCTOBER 3

10 a.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

Subcommittee on Communications, Media, and Broadband

To hold hearings to examine protecting Americans from

robocalls.
2:30 p.m.

Committee on the Judiciary

Subcommittee on Intellectual Property

To hold hearings to examine back to school with the SHOP

SAFE Act, focusing on protecting our families from

unsafe online counterfeits.
OCTOBER 4

10 a.m.

Committee on Appropriations

To receive a closed briefing on United States assistance

to Ukrainian Air Defenses.
Committee on Foreign Relations

To hold hearings to examine the BUILD Act reauthorization

and Development Finance Corporation oversight.
Committee on the Judiciary

To hold hearings to examine pending nominations.
2 p.m.

Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation

To hold hearings to examine CHIPS and science

implementation and oversight.