Title: COMMEMORATING THE "SGT JAMES L. SHIPLEY MEMORIAL HIGHWAY"; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
157

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE ``SGT JAMES L. SHIPLEY MEMORIAL HIGHWAY''

HON.
BLAINE LUETKEMEYER

Mr. LUETKEMEYER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the naming

of the portion of U.S. Highway 50 from Bahner Quarry Road to Tower Road

the ``SGT James L. Shipley Memorial Highway.''
Sergeant Shipley was a

great man who served his country valiantly during the Second World War.
At only 19 years of age, Mr. Shipley made the decision to go to his

local recruiting station and serve his country during a time of war,

which led to him becoming a crew chief and mechanic for the 332nd

Fighter Group.
Little did Mr. Shipley know this decision would place

him in one of the most respected military organizations from World War

II which would pave the way for African Americans' service in the armed

forces.
After Germany's surrender, Sergeant Shipley returned home to Tipton,

Missouri where he ran a farm and operated a gas station along U.S.

Highway 50 with his loving wife Mildred.
While working hard to support

his family, Sergeant Shipley frequently made time to share his

experiences with community groups and schools in the area.
Sergeant Shipley's long and storied life charts several important

chapters in our state's and country's history.
The ``SGT James L.

Shipley Memorial Highway'' will stand as an important reminder of his

tremendous dedication to his community and country for generations to

come.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemorating the ``SGT James L.

Shipley Memorial Highway.''
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MASTER SERGEANT WILLIE MANNING

HON.
DIANA HARSHBARGER

Mrs. HARSHBARGER.
Mr. Speaker, as a partner of the Vietnam War

Commemoration, I recently had the privilege to honor Master Sergeant

Willie Manning of Erwin for his distinguished career of service in the

United States Air Force.
Throughout his multidecade career, Master

Sergeant Manning received numerous accolades and awards from his

superiors for his outstanding performance and countless mission

accomplishments.
From achieving the highest level of training in his

field as an ``Informational Superintendent'' to his numerous AF

Commendation Medals, including for his support to the 9th AF during

quality inspections of the 116th Fighter Wings' operational readiness,

Master Sergeant Manning proved an invaluable member of our nation's

military.
Master Sergeant Manning first began his career as a Clerk Typist in

1971.
Stationed at Dobbins Air Force Base, Master Sergeant Manning

employed his expertise in quality information management for both

operations domestic and abroad.
This included ensuring quality

maintenance for all forms of information management, from simple

communication letters to the most protected forms of classified

documentation.
And revered for his leadership and computer systems

expertise, when the Air Force received new technology, the Georgia

State Adjutant General personally asked Master Sergeant Manning to

provide the software training to his staff.
However, Master Sergeant Manning always highlights the brotherhood he

shared with his comrades as a source of joy and gratitude.
In his own

words, ``we had each other's back . . .
I could be counted on, and I

knew I could count on my fellow airmen.''
He fondly remembers his

experience flying with officers in F4 and F15 fighter jets as the

second seater in appreciation of his administrative efforts; or his

ability to pilot Cessna 125, the smallest two-seat single engine

aircraft.
After 25 years of distinguished military service, Master Sergeant

Manning retired from the U.S. Air Force in 1996 as a Noncommissioned

Officer in Charge (NCOIC) of base administration for a fighter wing in

Georgia.
Following his retirement, Master Sergeant Manning continued to

use his skills to benefit his community, assisting the Chamber of

Commerce and supporting his local church and nearby senior center.
I

thank him for his service and sacrifice.