The Secretary of State says that the Scottish Government are not using the powers that they have, but it is his Government who keep vetoing Scottish Government policies and legislation that has been passed by the Scottish Parliament.
Does that not just show that the Conservatives never wanted devolution in the first place and can now barely contain their glee at getting to roll back the powers of devolution?
No, it was the Scottish National party that did not want devolution; it wants independence.
It is in the name, isn’t it?
They are nationalists and they want to break up the United Kingdom; we extend devolution within England and we support it in Scotland.
Thanks to the Government’s brownfield land release fund, Solihull Council is getting on with the job of regenerating Kingshurst village centre, including by building new environmentally friendly houses.
With that in mind, will the Secretary of State accept my invitation to see at first hand the progress of the regeneration of Kingshurst village centre, and see how it can be supported further by a successful levelling-up fund round 3 application?
Once again, my hon.
Friend makes a brilliant case on behalf of the residents of Solihull borough.
Fife Council is currently working on the details of the levelling-up fund, which gave us some of our own money back under the last round.
Most of that money—over £14 million—is for connectivity projects related to the very welcome reopening of the Levenmouth rail link.
Since the bid was put together, it has become clear that by far the most important connectivity project associated with that reopening is the construction of a pedestrian footbridge to maintain the ancient public right of way at Doubledykes crossing in the middle of my constituency.
If it becomes clear that the project has support from the community, will the Secretary of State allow Fife Council to reallocate the funding— Order.
Please—these are topicals.
I have given you the advantage of having two goes.
Don’t take advantage of the rest of the Members, please.
I will investigate the matter.
It is important that public access is maintained.
I do sympathise with the hon.
Gentleman: given that there are now no Labour Back Benchers left to ask questions, he has to take the Opposition responsibilities on his shoulders.
May I thank the Levelling Up Minister for her time when we met to discuss community projects in Bracknell?
East Berkshire would also welcome its fair share of levelling-up love, so could she please advise on the how and when for the next tranche of funding?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for outlining the concerns of local residents, showing why levelling up is also needed in parts of the country like Bracknell.
We will imminently announce full details of levelling-up round 3, and I will, of course, provide him with those details when we have them.
To strengthen the Union, and with the Windsor framework not able to answer all the difficulties due to the Northern Ireland protocol, what recent discussions have taken place with Cabinet colleagues on pressing the EU for a common-sense approach and on making the necessary adjustments to keep Northern Ireland a functional and integral part of the UK, which is the will of the people?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that it is the clearly expressed will of Northern Ireland’s people to be embedded in the United Kingdom, and we need to make sure that the EU takes a constructive approach, following on from the publication of the Windsor framework.
My right hon.
Friends the Foreign Secretary and the Northern Ireland Secretary are taking that forward.
Eastbourne secured £20 million in round 1 of the Government’s levelling-up fund, part of which is set to transform a disused dairy and downland farm into a world-class visitor centre.
Will previously successful constituencies, such as mine, be eligible to apply for the forthcoming round 3?
We have big plans for the seafront.
My hon.
Friend continues to be a fantastic champion for Eastbourne.
We will be announcing full details of levelling-up round 3 in due course, but we are taking on concerns, from those who have previously received funding and from those who have not, to make sure that we get this third round absolutely right.
So Chorley will do well?
Playgrounds are often a godsend for stressed parents.
They are great for kids’ development, and they are free entertainment during all these cost of living pressures.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider earmarking a fund so that parish councils and community groups can bid to improve areas that are in a poor state or that lack the inclusive equipment we all want to see?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant champion for better provision of playgrounds and stronger support for families and young people.
The community ownership fund is available for some of the purposes she mentions, but I look forward to working with her to do more in this area.