Up and down the country, communities are struggling with the Tories’ mortgage crisis and the cost of living crisis.
Those hit hardest often live in communities that were promised levelling-up funding, yet the Government sit on £1 billion of promised levelling-up fund money—money that could make a difference to those who need it most.
Where on earth is it?
Will the Government commit today to starting a process for the allocation of it?
I find myself a little confused, because we got a lot of criticism from the Opposition about round 2 of the levelling-up fund.
They wanted us to get round 3 right, and we are taking the time to ensure that we get round 3 allocations right.
We will, in due course, announce details on how we will allocate that money, which will change people’s lives.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the capacity of local authorities to respond to unexpected costs arising from businesses entering liquidation.
The local government finance settlement of up to £59.7 billion for 2023-24 increases core spending power by 9.4%.
Most of that funding is unringfenced, as local authorities are best placed to understand their local priorities.
The Government also spend approximately £8 billion through targeted long-term investment in high streets and small businesses.
Residents in the Marsh area of Lancaster, Lancaster City Council and I are concerned about the future of a skip site on the Lune industrial estate that has gone into liquidation.
The cost of clean-up is higher than the value of the land.
Will the Minister make time to meet me and Lancaster City Council to discuss what steps the council can take to ensure that residents know that the environment they are living in is healthy and safe?
I understand that the hon.
Lady is in touch with the Environment Agency about that, and that there is an ongoing investigation.
Although she will appreciate that I cannot comment on any specifics of the case, I would, of course, be happy to meet her to discuss the wider issue of waste remediation.
Our Government are committed to tackling waste crime: we have increased the Environment Agency’s budget by £10 million per year and tightened the law to make it harder for rogue operators to find work in the sector and easier for regulators to take action against criminals.
What progress he has made on allocating funds through the community ownership fund.
The community ownership fund has been a significant success, and has so far awarded £36.8 million to 150 projects  across the UK.
A total of £25.5 million has been allocated in England, £5.2 million in Scotland, £3.2 million in Wales and £3 million in Northern Ireland.
Does the Minister agree that the community ownership fund provides tremendous potential for community organisations in Clwyd South and elsewhere to take ownership of assets and amenities that risk being lost, and that the current bidding round is benefiting from the positive changes to the fund that were announced on  12 May ?
I agree that the community ownership fund has huge potential in Clwyd South and, indeed, across the UK.
The changes that my hon.
Friend alludes to—extending the maximum funding available from £250,000 to £1 million, reducing the match funding required, and allowing applications from parish, town and community councils—will mean that even more cherished assets and amenities can be saved for local communities.
I remind the House that window 1 of round 3 will close on July 12.
The community ownership fund is an ideal fund to support Udney Park Community Fields Foundation, which has been working tirelessly with the community in Teddington and Twickenham to bring Udney Park playing fields and the war memorial pavilion back into community use for the benefit of local grassroots sports organisations.
The site has gone to rack and ruin since two successive and badly advised developers bought the site eight years ago from Imperial College London.
As the site goes back on the market, will the Minister agree to look favourably on any application from the foundation for that asset of community value?
As the House will understand, I cannot comment on individual bids, but the hon.
Lady makes a compelling case.
The relevant Minister is happy to meet her.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the impact of increases in inflation on local authority budgets.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of local authority funding.
We recognise that councils have faced challenges since covid, which is one of the reasons why we allocated billions more in subsidies to local authorities in the financial year 2023-24.
Discussions on public spending often require hard choices and trade-offs on many worthy intentions, but we hope that the additional billions allocated demonstrate the Government’s commitment to local authorities.
Council budgets have been impacted by huge costs due to covid and the triple whammy of increases in demand for services, fuel prices and inflation.
The Minister will know that people are scared and  running out of hope, so will he outline what support is available now to ensure that councils can still provide the vital services that people need?
As I outlined, we have allocated additional funds to local authorities in this financial year.
It is also a statement of fact that a number of local authorities in England have increased reserves as a result of covid.
In the last financial year, additional grant funding of nearly £7 million has gone to the hon.
Gentleman’s local council, Bury Council, for adult social care.
Does my hon.
Friend share my view that one way to support local government finance and to reward well-performing local authorities such as Bromley Council would be to introduce multi-year funding settlements?
Will he commission a review into the merits of this, so that local authorities can better plan for the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is a testament to the good work of Bromley Council that he can demonstrate this and talk about it with knowledge and experience.
Multi-year financial settlements are something that we all aspire to.
One of the reasons we brought forward the policy statement for financial year 2024-25 was to ensure greater clarity for councils at the end of this spending review, and we hope to be able to return to multi-year settlements in future Parliaments.
Discretionary housing payments administered by councils are a vital resource in staving off homelessness.
The figures—£140 million in 2021-22, £100 million in 2022-23 and remaining flat for the next two years—show a £40 million cut and further cuts owing to increasing demand and inflationary pressures.
Section 21 evictions are not slowing down, the number of households facing rent arrears is soaring and the number being forced into temporary accommodation is skyrocketing.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has ultimate responsibility for homelessness, so when will Ministers at the Department tell their colleagues in the Treasury and the Department for Work and Pensions to wake up and smell the coffee?
One of the reasons why we have given local government additional funds in this financial year, as I just told  the hon.
Member for Bury South (Christian Wakeford) , is precisely that we recognise that there are challenges.
The Government have also allocated an additional £100 million for the most vulnerable households, to be administered through local authorities, which demonstrates the commitment to both local authorities and the most vulnerable in our society.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on long-term funding for local authorities.
The Chancellor, his Ministers and his officials are in regular contact with the Secretary of State, me and departmental  officials on matters pertaining to local government finance.
The final local government finance settlement for this financial year, 2023-24, makes available up to £60 billion for local government in England.
Local authorities have lost £15 billion of funding since 2010, as the Government have sought to outsource both the pain and the blame for their punishing approach to the public finances, with only a fraction allocated back on a piecemeal, time-limited and ad hoc basis.
The reality for local authorities up and down the country is that it is increasingly becoming far too difficult to deliver all the services that local residents rely on.
When will the Secretary of State stop treating local government like a pawn in his political games, and start treating local government finance with the seriousness that both residents and hard-working local government officials need?
Difficult decisions were taken in the years after 2010 precisely because Labour failed to make those decisions in the years before 2010.
One of the reasons why we have made available additional funding for local government in this financial year is to demonstrate that we understand the challenges local authorities face.
Ultimately, however, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Bury South (Christian Wakeford) , this sort of issue requires hard choices and trade-offs—something the Labour party continues to fail to demonstrate it understands.
As inflation impacts on local authority budgets, planning departments are becoming especially squeezed.
Councils are meant to approve big planning applications within 13 weeks, but over the last year only 19% have been approved in that timeframe, down from 57% ten years ago.
What can the Minister do to improve funding for local council planning departments?
My hon.
Friend highlights an important place where further progress is needed.
We recognise that there are challenges in this area, and I know that the Minister of State, Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Redditch (Rachel Maclean) , who is the Housing Minister, and the Secretary of State are well aware of these challenges and seeking to address them.
My portfolio includes nationally significant infrastructure programmes, and we have brought forward the NSIP action plan, demonstrating our commitment to speed up projects and decisions within them as much as we can.
Shropshire’s Conservative-run council is trying to save £1 million a week just to balance its budget this year and restore its reserves to a safe level.
Part of its problem is that the funding allocated to rural councils does not reflect the additional cost of delivering services in rural places.
Will the Minister consider reassessing that allocation, so that rural councils can get the revenue they need to support the cost of the services they need to provide?
We are absolutely aware of the challenges that rural councils face.
That is one of the reasons why we increased the rural grant within the most recent financial settlement by £10 million.
Where there are  pressures in local government finance in the coming years, we will continue to work with colleagues across the House to address them.
Stoke-on-Trent City Council is facing unprecedented pressure, particularly because there are now over 1,000 children in the care of the city council, as well as multiple education, health and care plans that require children to be taken out of the city to find the provision that they deserve.
Will my hon.
Friend meet urgently with the leader of Stoke-on-Trent City Council, Councillor Jane Ashworth; its chief executive officer, Jon Rouse; and Members of Parliament for Stoke-on-Trent to quickly find a way forward and ensure that our finances are in the best possible position going forward?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who speaks with knowledge and experience on these issues.
I would be happy to meet Members of Parliament from Stoke-on-Trent to talk about this matter in further detail.
What steps his Department is taking to increase devolution in England.
We have made significant progress in our mission to extend English devolution.
In the past year, we have announced five mayoral devolution deals, which will bring devolution to over half of the English population.
Most recently, I was delighted when the wonderful new leader of East Riding council, Anne Handley, signalled her ambitions for greater devolution.
Last week, I attended an evidence session for the all-party parliamentary group on the east midlands’ inquiry into investment in the region, which has been historically underfunded.
Business leaders told me that the east midlands combined authority needs to be headed by someone with sharp elbows to get things done in the region.
I know there is a man in Mansfield who meets that description, but can my right hon.
Friend commit to giving that combined authority the powers to effect meaningful change, including considering west midlands-style powers?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point: there is a man from Mansfield who would be an absolutely outstanding metro Mayor for the east midlands, and we need to give him all the power he needs.
He has not only sharp elbows but a keen intellect, and he has the interests of the east midlands at heart.
What Andy Street has done for the west midlands, Mr Ben Bradley can do for the east midlands.
You got there.
According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the West Midlands Combined Authority that the selfsame Andy Street presides over is the second worst performing CA in the UK, judging by its growth figures.
In that circumstance, should the public of Warwickshire not have a say in any  potential merger with that combined authority, as is proposed in the Secretary of State’s levelling-up Bill that is going through the House of Lords?
I have great respect for the hon.
Gentleman, but why does he think that Warwickshire cannot compete on the world stage as part of the West Midlands Combined Authority?
Why does he have such little confidence in the people of Warwickshire?
He has referred to the Mayor of the combined authority.
Andy Street is the Mayor who has done most to deliver and, indeed, exceed housing targets as Mayor of the west midlands.
Who has done the worst?
Labour’s Sadiq Khan.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his polices of the Regulatory Policy Committee statement on the Renters (Reform) Bill impact assessment, published on 3 July 2023.
I have read it, and it seems fantastic.
What a facile answer!
Does my right hon.
Friend not accept the criticisms of the RPC that the impact assessment is very weak in that it fails to address the impacts of the Bill on competition, innovation and investment, and on landlords who run small businesses and microbusinesses?
I was very pleased that the impact assessment gave the Bill a green rating.
I was particularly pleased that it indicated that the likely additional cost would be £17 a year, and that the benefits—both monetised and non-monetised—would be significantly greater than that.
It is a progressive measure, which I hope my hon.
Friend will be able to join me in supporting.
Renters’ reform is important, as is safe housing.
Residents of Norfolk House, a block of flats in my constituency, have suffered burst pipes, dangerous cladding, and sewage and hot water leaks that have ruined multiple flats.
Residents have called it a “ticking time bomb” to see whose ceiling will collapse next.
Both Galliard, the property developer, and Southern Housing, the housing association, are refusing to address those issues.
Will the Minister commit to looking into that case, which has blighted the lives of residents for years?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that, and of course we will.
Both the housing association she mentions and the developer she mentions have come to the attention of our Department before, so I am not surprised, but I am disappointed, and we will take action.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the provision of affordable housing in (a) Chesterfield and (b) England.
The Government are committed to increasing the supply of affordable housing, which is why, through our £11.5 billion affordable homes programme, we will deliver tens of thousands of affordable homes for both sale and rent in communities up and down the country.
When it comes to Chesterfield, I am aware that the local plan was adopted in July 2020, but ultimately local authorities are responsible for plan preparation and decision making, and they interpret national policy and guidance according to local circumstances.
I am grateful, but that is not really an answer to my question of whether the Minister considers that the amount of affordable housing is adequate.
Under the Conservatives, the number of new social rented homes has fallen by over 80%, and there are now 27,000 fewer socially rented homes built each year than there were under a Labour Government.
Meanwhile, hard-pressed mortgage holders are facing the highest interest rates in a generation.
Is it not clear that neither renters nor buyers can afford another year of this Tory Government?
I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman is aware that Chesterfield Borough Council is under the control of the Labour party, which, with the assistance of significant Government grant funding, is responsible for delivering affordable housing in the area.
It is up to Chesterfield Labour party, in control of that council, to work with developers to make sure that planning obligations deliver the houses that local people need.
We know that a lack of affordable housing can contribute towards an increase in homelessness.
Of course, it is a big responsibility for different areas to tackle homelessness, and I am proud of what Ipswich does, particularly through organisations such as the Ipswich Housing Action Group.
I am concerned to hear, though, that neighbouring authorities in the eastern region are sending their homeless people to Ipswich.
Does the Minister agree that those authorities should shoulder the responsibility to tackle homelessness in their own areas and not send those homeless people to Ipswich?
Will the Minister confirm that the Labour-led council can stop that happening if it wants to do so?