I do not doubt the Minister’s good intentions on house building, but does she accept that, according to her own Department’s figures, housing starts fell by 12% year on year in the first three months of this year?
That is down to a figure of just more than 37,000 starts, which is half the figure needed to hit 300,000 homes a year.
On that basis, does she conclude like me that not merely is her policy not succeeding in hitting the housing targets, but it is considerably contributing to their failure?
The hon.
Gentleman brings his considerable knowledge to this matter, but I will take no lectures from him and the Labour party on house building.
This Government delivered 242,000 houses in 2019-20—that is the highest level for more than 30 years, including the entire time that the Labour party was in government.
We do not just need to build affordable homes; we also need to build high-quality homes that are fit for the future and climate-resilient.
In the past six years, the average cost of repairing a home from flood damage has been £60,000 a property, and Aviva calculates that one in four homes is now at risk of flooding.
Will the Government ensure that their proposed national planning policy framework will finally prevent unprotected homes from being built in flood risk areas?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
The consultation on the NPPF has been well subscribed.
We are analysing the responses now, but I am sure we will be able to say more in due course.
In Westmorland and Lonsdale, average house prices are 12 times average household incomes.
The danger we have is that when we see houses developed, we are meeting demand, but not need.
Should the Government not give us far greater planning controls, so that we can ensure that we do not see 100 homes built that are a waste of bricks going into the second home market?
Instead, we should ensure that they are affordable homes, socially rented for local families.
Local authorities have a huge amount of freedom.
They have been given the tools by the Government through legislation, through developer contribution powers and through Homes England grants to deliver affordable homes.
The hon.
Member will also know about the wider work we are doing on second homes to enable local authorities to raise council tax.
I hope he can see that the direction of travel will help alleviate some of the pressures he has highlighted.
The Government are notoriously bad at disposing of public land—I need only look at NHS Property Services and the seven-year wait on the Bootham Park hospital site, and at Ministry of Defence land—so will the Minister look at how that can be co-ordinated and handed over to Homes England so that we can get building the housing that is desperately needed in places such as York?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that this is a priority for us.
I take issue slightly with her comment that we have a poor record of disposing of public land.
Often, that public land is needed by hospitals and the MOD.
So we are working closely and looking at where such land can be brought forward for housing.
If it can, we absolutely will be doing that.
Among the SNP failures that the Secretary of State chose not to mention is the fact that, since the SNP came to government in 2007, we have been building new council and social-rented houses at nine times the rate of any Government covering England.
Does the Minister accept that if successive Labour and Tory Governments had followed the SNP’s example in Scotland, the housing crisis in England would be far less than it currently is?
No.