I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The case of Colin Pitchfork is dreadful, and I am very aware that the Ministry of Justice are working hard on that.
Recently, my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor said that he expected more work to be done in this space.
I commend my hon.
Friend for the hard work that he does in his constituency and nationally in this area.
It is clear that Operation Soteria is seeing improvements, but, frankly, the bar is very low.
I associate myself with the comments of the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee that the crime that we are discussing is different.
Faith in policing and the justice sector more generally is impacted when a force that was using Soteria—the Met—was found in the Casey report to have “a strategic and operational failure to tackle rape and sexual offences…which compounds the harm of the victims.”
I note in the Minister’s statement comments in relation to the thematic inspection.
It is not just about training, but about ensuring that those resources have the time and capability to be able to investigate those crimes.
Will the thematic inspection be looking at that?
As far as I have been instructed, the inspector will be looking at that.
The Casey review made for very sobering reading.
It is paramount that public trust in the Met is restored, and we have to work hard on that.
The Home Secretary has made it very clear that standards must and will improve in the Met as a matter of urgency.
She, like me, will continue to hold the commissioner and the Mayor of London to account for delivering that change.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her continuing interest in this important area of work.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, in order to rid victims of the feeling of shame associated with rape and to encourage more victims to speak out, the investigation of rape must focus on the suspect, rather than the undermining and digital strip searching of the victim?
My hon.
Friend makes one of the most important points so far this afternoon.
The shame and blaming must change: we need to treat rape sensitively and focus a little more on the aggressor—the alleged rapist—to ensure that there is more fairness and justice in investigations.
That has been lacking.
The Government were clear about that when they apologised recently for the way that this issue has not been looked into sufficiently.
We need to believe the victim and make sure that there is fairness in the way that the evidence is obtained.
We all welcome progress, however small that may be.
The Minister has said that the tanker is slowly turning, and there is a lot more to do.
Does she not agree that one major issue is around people having the confidence to engage with the system, which would be better served by its embracing the principles of the independent legal advocate scheme?
The Government do not agree at this stage that that is the right way forward.
The crux of the matter lies with specialism of the investigation—with sensitive policing, listening to victims and letting them know, for example, that they can have their digital equipment and their telephones back in 24 hours, rather than having them taken by the police and on some occasions left for weeks or months without being returned.
It is all about confidence, but it is also about specialism of the investigating officers and of the prosecutors.
I have a constituent who was brutally raped in the ’80s.
Despite presenting the evidence then and again more recently, she never got the support or the justice she deserved, due to failings within the Met.
Can the Minister spell out what precise support historical victims of rape will receive following the review?
Will it mean that, for my constituent and other victims of rape, justice will finally be secured?
As far as I am aware, through the Ministry of Justice’s new Victims and Prisoners Bill, all victims will receive further assistance.
These are heinous crimes, and whether the crime happened a day, a year, a decade or 50 years ago, all victims deserve support.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the amount of work that she does in this area and I will be happy to write to her, or to get the relevant Minister in the Ministry of Justice to write to her, with more particulars.
In the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022, the Government introduced pre-recorded cross-examination to allow victims to pre-record their evidence and spare them the trauma of attending court in person.
What progress has been made across the court system with those new procedures?
Also, can the Minister reassure me and my constituents that, when sentenced, rapists are now serving longer in prison than they were before?
Giving confidence to anybody who appears in court is important, particularly with this sort of heinous crime.
As I mentioned earlier, we have completed a national roll-out of that pre-recorded evidence, which spares the victims of those ordeals and really makes a massive difference.
It is one of the things that is brought up time and again when I speak to victims: they want to give their evidence in a fair way and not to feel that they are on trial.
That is exactly why the Government are rolling out pre-recorded evidence.
The victims code will go even further in allowing and in fact mandating prosecutors to meet people who are about to give evidence and who have been the victim of an alleged rape.
It is a really good step forward and I commend the victims code to the House.