I do not accept that the change is marginal.
It is fundamental.
This is a different way of looking at victims and the suspect.
It must not be forgotten that all crime, not just particular, different sorts of crimes, needs to be hammered down and stopped by the Government.
That is what we expect from the judiciary, the police and the Crown Prosecution Service.
Yes, rape cases are of course far too high; they are coming down, and more must be done.
I, too, am concerned about attrition.
We must change that, so that we can support our women, and boys and men at times, who have been raped.
There is academic rigour, and it will be rolled out.
There will be proper monitoring, and there is a proper unit to make sure that the operating model is rolled out properly.
The question of specialist rape courts is brought up often by the hon.
Lady.
Of course, it is a very complex matter.
With respect, all victims of crime deserve decent, proper courts.
We should not be singling out one offence over another, because all these crimes are heinous and they all deserve a resolution to the complex situation.
We have already completed a national roll-out of pre-recorded evidence, which is one of the main things victims ask about when they want special rape trials.
Through that roll-out of pre-recorded evidence, we are sparing victims the ordeal of appearing before a live courtroom, which helps them to give their best evidence.
We are talking today about evidence.
To ease the court process further, we are updating the victims code, so that members of the Crown Prosecution Service team must meet rape victims ahead of their court cases to answer their questions and allay any fears they have.
In the next phase of our specialist sexual violence support project, we will ensure that at participating Crown courts, including Snaresbrook, where I commonly worked, Leeds and Newcastle, the option to remotely observe a sentencing hearing by video link is available to any adult rape victim who needs it, subject to the judge’s agreement.
These are complex issues.
The work is on evidence, not rhetoric.
We are getting there, but there is a lot more to do.