The Secretary of State wants to talk now—why did he not take the question?
I suspect it is because he has again run into so much opposition from his Back Benchers about a story briefed only yesterday that he has had to abandon it.
One hundred small and medium-sized house builders have been protesting to Downing Street and mortgages have gone through the roof.
It really does take some brass neck to present that as anything other than an appalling record.
I have in my hand an analysis that shows that all this chaos will cost the economy £44 billion.
Are the Government the only people left in Britain who cannot admit that the housing crisis, the mortgage crisis, the cost of living crisis and the economic crisis have one cause: Tory government?
That was a flight of fantasy with several hundred questions.
I am happy to engage with the hon.
Lady on the detail of the clauses in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, but I am proud of the Government’s record in bringing forward levelling-up across the whole country, with house building backed by billions of pounds of public funding and taxpayers’ money.
As I said in answer to  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts) , our house building record is greater than that of her party for the entire time they were in government.
What steps his Department is taking to end rough sleeping.
The Government are committed to ending rough sleeping.
Last year we published our cross-Government strategy “Ending Rough Sleeping For Good”, which set out how we are investing a huge £2 billion over three years to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.
In 2022 there was 25% less rough sleeping than the 2017 peak, and 28% less than in 2019, before the pandemic.
The best way to tackle rough sleeping and homelessness is to increase the supply of houses for people to live in.
A joint report has been released today by the all-party parliamentary group for housing market and housing delivery, which I chair, and the all-party parliamentary group for ending homelessness, which is chaired by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  and  the hon.
Member for Vauxhall (Florence Eshalomi) .
The report found that we could bring 20,000 houses on to the market through conversions.
Will the Minister meet me and a local charity that is very keen to do that, to discuss how we can take that forward?
I would be delighted to come to Milton Keynes to meet my hon.
Friend and his local charity.
I want to reassure him that this Government are committed to increasing the supply of affordable housing and to ensuring that all houses are safe and of a decent standard.
I look forward to reading in detail the APPGs’ recommendations.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I have been delighted to confirm that Lord Morse will be the new chair of the Office for Local Government.
We are advertising the post of chief executive, which would suit someone with experience of local government who is looking for a new role, so I will pass on details to the shadow Secretary of State.
Following the wonderful news that the Leslie Sports Foundation, based at Shelley Community football club, has been awarded £318,456 from the community ownership fund, will Minister visit the foundation to view its existing facilities and discuss its exciting plans for the newly funded one?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being a brilliant advocate for that project.
I have no doubt that the work of the Leslie Sports Foundation will make a huge difference to the lives of people in his constituency.
The Minister for Levelling Up, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , would be delighted to visit.