The Secretary of State was asked— What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of levels of antisemitism in the last 12 months.
We have paid close attention to the concerning figures produced by the Home Office and the Community Security Trust, which have shown the continued prevalence of antisemitism in our society.
We are considering Lord Mann’s recent reports on the subject, which we will respond to in due course, and we have increased the annual Jewish community protective security grant to £15 million in 2023-24.
Did the Secretary of State see the research from King’s College London, showing that those who believe in conspiracies are most likely to be antisemitic?
Much of that antisemitism takes place online and is legal but harmful.
What is he doing to tackle conspiracism, misinformation and fake news; why are the measures to tackle them in the Online Safety Bill so weak; and why have the Government removed the legal but harmful provision, which would protect so much of the Jewish community?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that there is a significant overlap between antisemitism and conspiracy theories, and many of the tropes that conspiracists use are drawn from the antisemitic library.
However, with the Online Safety Bill it is important to balance the right to free speech with vigilance in dealing with hate, and this Government are absolutely committed to combating antisemitism wherever it rears its head.
What steps he is taking to level up all parts of the UK.
What assessment he has made of the potential effect of increases in the cost of living on his Department’s levelling-up agenda.
Levelling up is not just a slogan—it is an imperative, and that is why it is a driving mission of this Government.
I fear that if I outlined every step we are taking to level up, my extensive answer would take us beyond time, Mr Speaker, but to name a few highlights, we are establishing investment zones and freeports to create high-quality local jobs, delivering billions of pounds of investment into vital local projects and empowering local leaders through devolution deals, putting power and funding back into local hands.
That is levelling up in action, and there is more to come.
All those words are just empty rhetoric.
It is a con trick.
The truth is that in a single decade the Government cut £540 billion from public services, and by March they will only have put about £500 million—one tenth of that—back in through levelling up.
Is it not  clear that to level up properly, we need an end both to this Government and to the economic system they have established?
Absolutely not.
This is a Government that have put levelling up at the core of every single thing we do.
That is not going to change.
The only way to ensure levelling up remains at the heart of Government is by voting Conservative at the next election.
Data from the Times Health Commission reports that nearly 11,000 people in England last year were hospitalised with malnutrition.
Malnutrition itself has quadrupled since 2007, with a shocking rise in Victorian illnesses such as scurvy and rickets.
Can the Minister explain how such shocking figures fit within her Government’s levelling-up agenda?