As a reminder to foreign states: they have no right to threaten anyone in this House.
To go a stage further, I am sure that the Treasury Bench will have heard the hon.
Gentleman’s request to summon the ambassador.
As he knows, that decision is not a matter for me, but I have certainly echoed his request for that to take place.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
For the past 13 years, I have had the privilege of being the patron of Stockton Rugby Club, a tremendous community organisation that works with more than 500 boys and girls who play the game and runs several youth and adult teams.
Today, I am proud to wear the junior academy tie.
Would it be in order for me to invite you, Mr Speaker, and colleagues across the House to join me in congratulating the club on its 150th anniversary and wishing it well for the next 150 years?
Of course, even if it is rugby union, I am happy to recognise those 150 years of playing rugby.
It is just a tragedy that the club did not take up rugby league when the Northern Union was formed but, despite that disappointment, of course I congratulate those at the club—150 years is a significant milestone in any sport.
We now come to the privilege motion.
No amendments have been selected.
I beg to move, That this House, (a) notes with approval the Special Report from the Committee of Privileges; (b) considers that where the House has agreed to refer a matter relating to individual conduct to the Committee of Privileges, Members of this House should not impugn the integrity of that Committee or its members or attempt to lobby or intimidate those members or to encourage others to do so, since such behaviour undermines the proceedings of the House and is itself capable of being a contempt; and (c) considers it expedient that the House of Lords is made aware of the Special Report and this Resolution, so that that House can take such action as it deems appropriate.
In accordance with the convention on matters of privilege, as Leader of the House, I have brought forward this motion to facilitate the House’s consideration of the first special report of the Privileges Committee, published on  29 June 2023 .
The motion notes with approval the Committee’s special report, and seeks to reaffirm essential principles underpinning the protection of parliamentary privilege and the functioning of this House and its Committees, making it explicit that the House considers that those protections are fundamental to investigations of the Privileges Committee.
Paragraph (c) draws to the attention of the House of Lords the issues raised in the report through a formal message.
The House may wish to know that the Leader of the House of Lords has written to me to emphasise that these are serious and important matters, while recognising that each House is responsible for the organisation of its own affairs.
The report has been placed in the Lords Library, and I know that my noble Friend Lord True is continuing conversations with others in that House on this important matter.
In my speech on  19 June , I took some time to explain the role of the Privileges Committee and why it matters to all of us here and to our constituents that it exists and that it has people who are prepared to serve on it.
In that debate, we also heard some of the things that members of the Committee had to endure while they carried out the duties this House had required of them.
I shall not repeat those points, but I wish to make two further points: first, a pre-emptive strike on an issue that may arise during today’s debate and, secondly, a personal reflection.
Undermining a Committee should not be confused with the expression of legitimate concerns about the work or its processes.
Members must be free to raise such concerns and there are appropriate ways of doing so.
Indeed, the Committee’s report highlights the various ways this can be done, in particular citing the approach of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stone (Sir William Cash) , who raised matters before, during and after the Committee’s original inquiry in a perfectly proper way.
If an hon.
Member has concerns about any matter of privilege and the internal affairs of this House and its Committees, they may write to the Speaker, who may afford the issue precedence for consideration.
Those are the appropriate channels for raising such issues and it is every Member’s right to do so.
I would like to highlight that this an exceptional situation.
It is not the usual cut and thrust of politics.
A special report of the Privileges Committee regarding interference in its work is entirely unprecedented and that has led me to consider the reasons why.
Is it perhaps because the nature of politics has changed so much, or because the obligations we have towards one another, and to this place and the esteem in which we hope it is held, are less clear?
Perhaps it is because we feel little responsibility towards other right hon.
and hon.
Members, even those in our own party, and still less for what our words and deeds may encourage others to do outside this place.
Is it that personal honour matters less, or good manners?
I hope not.
I hope that the colleagues named will reflect on their actions.
One of the most painful aspects of this whole affair is that it has involved animosities between colleagues of the same political view, but I know of at least one Member named in the report who has taken the time to speak with regret to some other members of the Committee, and I applaud them for doing so.
I hope that some speakers today will acknowledge that obligation we have to one another as colleagues.
If Castlereagh and Canning could adopt polite civility after fighting a duel, I live in hope that today will be the end of this sorry affair.
It is a pleasure to follow the right hon.
Lady.
Over the past few years, the Conservative party has dragged the reputation of this House through the mud and left it festering in the gutter.
When the Privileges Committee published its report three weeks ago, which found that Mr Johnson lied to this House and the people of this country, many people must have thought that standards in public life had hit rock bottom—that they could not get any lower.
However, the shameful actions of senior Tory MPs, spelled out in the report we are debating today, have damaged the public’s trust in Parliament further still.
Some MPs, I am afraid to say, attacked the personal character and integrity of individual members of the Committee from the comfort of their own bully pulpit TV shows.
Some accused the Committee of not following due process and did everything they could to whip up an atmosphere of distrust, throwing their toys out of the pram as if it were one rule for them and their friend, and another for everyone else.
They were quite wrong.
While their attempts to undermine and attack Britain’s democratic institutions are shocking, it is important that we remember that they were not successful: this House did vote to approve the Committee’s report into Mr Johnson in full and sanction him appropriately.
Just like their friend who they were trying to get off the hook, unfortunately, the named MPs are having to be held accountable today for their actions.
I share the desire of the Leader of the House for those Members to use today’s debate to set a line and show that they have recognised what they have done, so that we can move on.
That matters because we have to approve the report in full.
As it says, “our democracy depends on MPs being able to trust that what Ministers say in the House of Commons is the truth.
If Ministers cannot be trusted to tell the truth, the House cannot do its job and the confidence of the public in our whole political system is undermined.”
In other words, telling the truth is the foundation of a functioning Parliament and, when there are allegations that a Minister has not told the truth, we simply must have a mechanism for investigating them.
If we did not, there would be no way to hold them to account.
That is the role of the Privileges Committee.
The motion we are debating today protects the Committee and allows its members to continue to do their job on our behalf when we instruct them to do so.
It ensures that they can carry out their work, so that we and the people of this country can trust what Ministers say.
This is about protecting democracy.
The motion puts into effect the report’s recommendation, aiming to stop MPs putting improper pressure on the Committee and its members in future, because improper pressure was put on the Committee during the inquiry into Mr Johnson.
That was an exceptionally important piece of work that went right to the heart of the public’s trust in politicians.
This report now makes it clear that, to varying degrees—examples are listed clearly in the annex to the report—the named Tory MPs attempted to discredit the Committee and its conclusions, in some cases before they had even seen them, and even pushed for resignations.
That ultimately amounted to a co-ordinated campaign by Mr Johnson’s allies to influence the outcome of the inquiry in favour of their friend.
Co-ordination of a campaign—where is the evidence of that in the report?
It is just an assertion, is it not?