This Government are unswervingly committed to protecting the public and fighting crime.
As I am sure Members across the House will agree, few parts of that mission are as important as the ongoing effort to tackle rape and sexual violence.
As I heard on my recent visit to Greater Manchester police, these are sickening, destructive crimes that can only have a significant impact on human dignity.
They are a betrayal of everything we stand for as a law-abiding society, and they can have profound and lifelong consequences.
My thoughts and prayers are with every single victim.
Although we are united in our outrage at these horrific acts, sadly we cannot turn back the clock.
What we can do, and what this Government are determined to do, is ensure that the criminal justice system does not add to the suffering and trauma experienced by victims and survivors.
On that note, I will update the House on the work being done to drive improvements in the criminal justice response to rape and sexual violence.
Two years ago, in the rape review, the Government set out steps to transform support for victims and to ensure cases are fully investigated and rigorously pursued through the courts.
Crucially, we heard that many victims who have reported to the police feel that they are the ones under investigation and do not feel believed.
For example, we know that victims have faced digital strip searches, with intrusive requests for access to their mobile phones.
Last year, we changed the law to end such distressing and intrusive practices, and to protect victims’ right to privacy where it is necessary.
We are introducing new legislation through the Victims and Prisoners Bill so that therapy notes and other personal records are accessed only when necessary and proportionate to an investigation.
But we must go further.
The investigation of rape must be no different from the investigation of any other crime, with the focus firmly on the suspect.
To support policing to transform its response to rape, the Home Office has already provided over £6 million to Operation Soteria, bringing together more than 50 world-leading academics from across the country, led by Professor Betsy Stanko and Professor Katrin HoL, and frontline officers from 19 police forces, to develop the new national operating model for rape and serious sexual offence investigations.
This model, launched today, means that all police forces in England and Wales will now have the tools they can apply to conduct suspect-focused investigations which ensure victims’ needs and rights are central; through the College of Policing, they can access learning to develop their skills and build a comprehensive understanding of the psychology of sexual offending.
Nineteen police forces have participated in the programme, and we have already seen signs of change.
All pathfinder forces have seen an increase in the number of cases being referred to the Crown Prosecution Service and a reduction in the average number of days taken for  a charge outcome to be assigned.
Charge volumes in Avon and Somerset have more than tripled, rising from seven charges to 22 charges in October to December 2022.
The Met has seen an 18% reduction in victims withdrawing, with this falling from 743 cases before Soteria to 611 cases in October to December 2022.
The charge rate in Durham has increased, rising from 2.6% to 12.6% since that force’s involvement in Operation Soteria.
The number of cases being referred to the CPS by West Midlands police has doubled, with it rising 108%, from 26 to 54 cases; and charge volumes in South Wales have increased by 110%, rising from 10 cases before Operation Soteria to 21 cases in October to December 2022.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Home Secretary and I are encouraged that all police forces in England and Wales have committed to implementing this new approach.
We have already met, or are on track to meet,
the ambitious targets set out in the review ahead of schedule: to more than double the number of adult rape cases reaching court by the end of this Parliament; and to return the volumes of cases being referred to the police, charged by the CPS and going to court to at least 2016 levels.
We want to go further and faster, and we are doing exactly that by providing a further £8.5 million to continue to support the police to improve their response to rape.
That will be used to establish a new joint unit with the National Police Chiefs’ Council and the College of Policing to oversee and support forces as they implement the model, continuing to draw on academic expertise and oversight.
We will continue to roll out a Government-funded uplift in technical capacity and capability to ensure that no adult victim of rape is without a phone for more than 24 hours.
The NPCC and College of Policing have also made significant commitments: 2,000 police investigators will complete specialist training on the investigation of rape and sexual offences by April next year.
A new first responder course will be compulsory for all new police recruits from April next year, to ensure that victims of rape get the right support and treatment they need at the time of reporting.
We will also consult policing partners on the most effective way those officers can be used, including the effectiveness of dedicated rape and sexual assault investigatory units.
Operation Soteria has shown the importance of scrutiny to drive progress, which is why the Home Secretary has also commissioned His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services to carry out a thematic inspection on forces’ implementation of the Soteria model.
I want to be clear: there is further to go and there is no room for complacency.
We want victims to have the confidence to report these crimes, knowing they will get the support they need, and that everything possible can and will be done to bring offenders to justice.
This Government will work with policing to do everything in our power to ensure that happens, and I commend this statement to the House.
I of course welcome today’s statement—any progress on this issue is to be welcomed—but I would outline that the rape review was commissioned in 2019.
It then took two years to publish, and we rightly got an apology from the  Government for the catastrophic decline in prosecutions.
However, the report contained only piecemeal changes, which is why, another two years on, we are here today discussing progress, yes, but marginal progress.
In the data outlined by the Minister on the number of cases now being charged, she did not make it clear that hundreds of cases were still not charged in each police force area she spoke of.
The Government seek to get back to 2016 standards, without recognising that it was on their watch that the system crashed.
Charges and prosecutions dropped to their lowest levels on record, just at the time when rape offences recorded by the police skyrocketed to record levels.
What the Government are celebrating today is simply the beginning of a reversal of their failure of survivors—like smashing a vase and celebrating when it is half stuck back together with sellotape.
In this time, countless rape victims have been left unsupported, or have dropped their cases or never even come forward.
This morning, I received a text message from a rape victim I have been supporting, who waited over five years for her case to be heard.
She said: “Is there anyway I can see you this week?
I really need to speak to someone before all this gets any worse, I just cannot deal with my own head right now.”
She, like thousands of others, has been let down by the system, and the public have been left at risk, with attackers still walking free.
The numbers that the Government have not mentioned today are those for outstanding rape cases, which show a record high of 2,040, up from 1,379 a year previously.
More rape victims are waiting longer than ever before.
The Government’s own scorecard for 2022 has the attrition figure at a staggering 62%.
Survivors are still being left unsupported and are dropping their cases.
Will the Minister say whether the Government will back Labour’s proposal for all rape victims to have legal advocates, when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham West and Penge (Ellie Reeves)  pushes that amendment tomorrow in the Victims and Prisoners Public Bill Committee?
Rape Crisis has called for it, the Labour party would do it, and the victims need it.
Will the Government vote against support for rape victims tomorrow?
The green shoots of police improvements from Operation Soteria are welcome, as is its roll-out as a national operating standard.
However, to be successful, it must maintain that academic rigour and independent input throughout the national implementation.
It cannot just be a good pilot that is spread out to police forces as a checkbox.
Will the Minister confirm that the academic rigour that the scheme started with will continue in every one of the 43 forces, as it is rolled out?
The total number of charges for adult rape in quarter 1 of 2016 was 2,270.
In quarter 4 of 2022, it was 1,748, a 23% drop.
Labour announced over two years ago that we would implement specialist rape courts, listing rape cases as a priority and fast-tracking them.
The Labour party has called again and again for specialist rape and sexual offence units in every police force, something that still does not exist.
The Government say today that they are having a think about them.
I ask that they think a little faster.
If they had listened, they could have all been rolled out and could be supporting survivors now.
Labour would also increase the number of prosecutors, to put rapists behind bars and reduce the record backlog across the courts.
We welcome progress, but the Government could and should be doing much more.