I draw my hon.
Friend the Minister’s attention to the uncertain future of the housing development in Long Eaton in my constituency.
It has been at a standstill since the termination of the house builder’s contract 10 months ago.
What further support is available to encourage the site owner to complete the more than 100 homes planned for the site, so that the development is not left to deteriorate beyond repair?
I am of course concerned to hear about the situation that my hon.
Friend highlights, and I would be pleased to discuss it with her in more detail, if that would be helpful.
More generally, we are introducing a range of measures to increase transparency about build-out, to ensure that when development proposals are brought forward, the development actually gets built.
Labour-run Kirklees Council is taking in millions of pounds from housing developers through the section 106 levy, but local people are losing confidence in the system, as they just do not see the money being spent on local schools, local roads or local health services.
Does the Minister agree that developer contributions, which are given to improve local infrastructure that is affected by major housing developments, should be spent on just that?
My hon.
Friend highlights a most unsatisfactory state of affairs from Labour-run Kirklees Council.
We are introducing a new infrastructure levy that will bring much-needed transparency.
Local authorities, including Kirklees, should be spending that precious money on the infrastructure needed for local people.
With the growth in development of new housing across my constituency, we must ensure that adequate provisions are in place to meet the essential needs of residents, such as at the Bramshall Meadows development, where residents are waiting for the play space they were promised, and at Branston Locks, where new healthcare services are needed to support that development.
Can the Minister provide an update on what is being done to guarantee the successful and timely integration of these vital facilities in new housing developments?
My hon.
Friend highlights well on behalf of her constituents the vital and pressing need for the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, which includes measures to tackle exactly the issues she has highlighted.
It will introduce a new infrastructure levy, which will reform the system of developer contributions, bringing certainty and transparency over the infrastructure needed to be delivered alongside development.
To address the housing crisis, we need to be building more homes for social rent, and planning departments must be properly resourced in personnel and funding.
Will my hon.
Friend set out the steps she is taking to address those two specific issues?
My hon.
Friend speaks with considerable expertise on these matters.
We know that many local planning authorities are facing capacity and capability challenges, which is why we have developed a programme of support, working with partners across the planning sector, to put more skills and capacity into planning authorities.
Our levelling up White Paper is committed to increasing the supply of social rented homes across the country.
Lib Dem-run Eastleigh Borough Council, which is developing 2,500 homes on Horton Heath, last week passed a planning amendment to recklessly remove all affordable housing obligations, despite its being the developer of the site.
Will my hon.
Friend condemn that cynical move and assure me that no Homes England money will be used to backfill the gap?