I am

happy they are staying in Lindenhurst, the town they have called home

since 1993 and wish them many years of smooth sailing as they captain

their boat ``Club Wiz'' across the Great South Bay and along the South

Shore communities in my district.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, please join

me in congratulating William and Kathleen Wisnewski on this momentous

occasion and thanking them for their years of dedicated service.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING TEXAS-24 HOMETOWN HERO WILLIAM SMARR

HON.
BETH VAN DUYNE

Ms. VAN DUYNE.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize our

Texas-24 Hometown Hero, retired United States Secret Service Special

Agent in Charge (SAIC) of the Dallas Field Office William Smarr.
SAIC

Smarr has spent more than two decades protecting our nation's leaders

before retiring on October 13, 2023.
Mr. Smarr began his career in 1999 in the Pittsburgh Field Office

with subsequent assignments in the Houston Field Office and the

Presidential Protective Division in Washington, D.C. In addition to

providing protection to our nation's leaders and investigating threats

against the President, Mr. Smarr managed high-profile transnational

fraud investigations involving the targeting of U.S. financial

infrastructure and private industry victims.
During his time as the

Senior Executive for the North Texas District, SAIC Smarr led all

operations involving executive protection and criminal investigations

with offices in Dallas, Lubbock, Tyler and Waco.
Before assuming his

role in the Dallas Field Office, Mr. Smarr led as the Deputy SAIC in

Houston, TX, where he oversaw the Secret Service's investigative and

protective portfolio covering all southeast Texas and the country of

Mexico.
SAIC Smarr has dedicated his life to the integrated mission and

responsibilities of the United States Secret Service and fulfilled his

role with honor.
I thank SAIC Smarr for all he had done to protect and

serve our great Nation.
I wish him the best in his well-deserved

retirement.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF DAVID NIXON

HON.
H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the life of

David Nixon, who passed away on October 1, 2023, at the age of 64 after

a courageous seven year battle with cancer.
Growing up in Roanoke, David and I first crossed paths in high school

when we were on opposite sides of a political battle.
He went to

Glenvar High School, and I went to Andrew Lewis High School.
Throughout

the political debate to name the new high school in Salem, David always

presented his views in a calm, honest manner.
I knew from that

experience that I had met a man of honor.
I often think of the Abraham Lincoln quote when thinking of David,

``the best way to destroy an enemy is to make him a friend.''
Instead

of vilifying each other, we got to know each other and came to have

deep respect for one another.
It is remarkable to me how much our lives mirrored one another.
After

attending Roanoke College and Wake Forest University law school, he

returned home to practice law, as I did to Salem after attending law

school.
He served as Chairman of the Roanoke City Republican Committee

while I was Chairman of the Salem Republican Committee.
I am thankful

that he was a strong supporter of my many political campaigns over the

years.
During his life he was appointed Escheator by Governor Allen for

Roanoke City, 1994, for 23rd Judicial District, 2001.
He also served as

Vice President of Legal Affairs, Blue Ridge Housing Development

Corporation; Chairman, Roanoke City Fair Housing Board; and Member,

Roanoke City Parks and Recreation Citizen Advisory Board.
A devout member of New Century Church in Roanoke, Virginia, David

served many years as a volunteer greeter.