H. MORGAN GRIFFITH

Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the career of

Bluefield University President Dr. David Olive, who is set to retire at

the conclusion of the 2023-2024 school year.
Dr. Olive has over 25

years of experience in higher education, serving as university

president since 2007.
During his time as president, Dr. Olive oversaw the introduction of

both master's degree programs, online degree programs, and a RN-BSN

program.
He has also overseen the expansion of residential housing and

the Science Center on campus.
Prior to serving as university president, Dr. Olive served as

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer for Adult Programs

at Pfeiffer University.
He has also held various positions at Carson-

Newman University, Tennessee Tech University, and The University of

Tennessee.
During his career, he has chaired the Council of Independent Colleges

of Virginia, the Appalachian College Association, the International

Association of Baptist Colleges & Universities.
He served on the NAIA

Council of Presidents, on the board of directors for the Appalachian

Athletic Conference and the Virginia College Fund.
He is also an

ordained minister in the Southern Baptist faith.
While he transitions to full retirement, Dr. Olive has made a

commitment that he will find ways to continue to serve others.
Congratulations on an incredible career to Dr. Olive.
He has left a

lasting mark on Bluefield University and the many students he has met,

taught, and mentored throughout the years.
Besides serving others, I hope that he gets to spend sufficient time

in retirement with his wife Kathryn and children, Kayla and Will.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MIDWEST ISMAILI ARTS FESTIVAL

HON.
JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY

Ms. SCHAKOWSKY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise today to recognize

The Midwest Ismaili Arts Festival hosted by the Ismaili Council for the

Midwestern United States.
The Ismaili Arts Festival will be held at the

Copernicus Center in Chicago, Illinois on Sunday, October 22, 2023.
The Ismaili Arts Festival stands as a testament to the profound

impact of the arts, serving as a platform for Ismaili artists to share

their unique visions and creations with our community.
This festival

celebrates creativity, and promotes dialogue, diversity and

understanding among residents of Illinois and visitors.
These events

elevate and illustrate the pluralistic values that are held by

residents of Illinois and make Illinois a more vibrant and stronger

community.
This year, the Midwest Ismaili Arts Festival will bring together over

200 Ismaili artists showcasing their artistic expression in the

categories of performing arts, film festival and art gallery.
The theme

for this year's festival is ``care,'' in which the artists will explore

their personal interconnectivity with care for the environment, care

for one's heritage, and strengthening one's identity.
I am proud of the Ismaili Council for Midwestern United States and

the Midwest Ismaili Arts Festival organizers, Ismaili Artists and

Ismaili Volunteers who dedicate their time, knowledge, and passion to

promote the arts.
On behalf of the residents of the 9th District of the State of

Illinois, I proudly recognize the impact of the Ismaili Arts Festival

and its contributions to the State of Illinois' arts and cultural stage

and celebrate this showcase of Illinois' diversity and commitment to

inclusion.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE PANCRETAN ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the Pancretan

Association of America (PAA) on their many achievements throughout

their 94 years of dedicated service.
I am thrilled to congratulate the

PAA on the establishment of their first-ever National Headquarters at

the Hellenic Center in Bethesda, Maryland, and on the recent election

of their organization's first female president, Diane Kounalakis.
The PAA and the Pancretan Youth Association (PYA) offer a rich array

island of Crete.