During his life he was appointed Escheator by Governor Allen for

Roanoke City, 1994, for 23rd Judicial District, 2001.
He also served as

Vice President of Legal Affairs, Blue Ridge Housing Development

Corporation; Chairman, Roanoke City Fair Housing Board; and Member,

Roanoke City Parks and Recreation Citizen Advisory Board.
A devout member of New Century Church in Roanoke, Virginia, David

served many years as a volunteer greeter.
After being diagnosed with

stage four cancer in 2016, David used his remaining years to grow

closer to Christ, finding peace and joy in his diagnosis.
David is survived by his son Kirk Nixon (Darlene Smith) and

granddaughter Ella Nixon; daughter Jessica (Nick Blandy), grandchildren

Finn and Declan Blandy; siblings, Carolyn ``Kack'' Lynch, John, and

Debbie Nixon; twin sister, Denise ``Cee'' and Alan Campbell; as well as

many nieces, nephews,

great-nieces, and great-nephews; and, his many friends, some of whom

David considered like family.
I pray for all of his loved ones during

this difficult time.
David was a good Republican and a good Christian.
He loved his family

and friends deeply and lived his last days to the fullest, despite his

diagnosis.
I, and many others, will greatly miss him.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LITE OF JERICHO MISSIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH

HON.
CORI BUSH

Ms. BUSH.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, St. Louis and I rise to celebrate

the 90th anniversary of the Lite of Jericho Missionary Baptist Church

in Missouri's First District.
The Lite of Jericho Missionary Baptist Church has been a spiritual

beacon in the St. Louis community.
Under the leadership of Reverend

Reginald D. Rogers, Sr.,
the church has provided meals for those in

need and organized health fairs for residents in the surrounding

neighborhoods.
The church has also been an avid supporter of Annie Malone Children

and Family Services.
I am thankful for their work and commitment to

community service, including partnering with Beyond Me Outreach, which

sits under the North City Community Development Corporation.
I wish the Lite of Jericho Missionary Baptist Church success in their

future endeavors, including their goal of constructing an educational

facility to promote literacy among youth in the First District.
St. Louis honors the Lite of Jericho Missionary Baptist Church on a

blessed 90 years of service and worship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LIVING SPRING HARRISBURG CHURCH

HON.
SCOTT PERRY

Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I'm honored to recognize Living

Spring Harrisburg Church, a parish of the Redeemed Christian Church of

God, as it celebrates 20 years of Christian ministry on November 4,

2023.
The Living Spring congregation was founded on November 2, 2003, under

the distinguished leadership of Senior Pastor Tunde Oyelowo and his

wife, Pastor Yinka Oyelowo.
The Church, over the past two decades, has

inspired faith, community service, and spiritual enlightenment.
Its

incredible growth from 8 to 500 members now represents 33 nations and a

unique array of lingual and ethnic communities throughout South Central

Pennsylvania.
The Church's vision of transforming lives, empowering people, and

impacting communities is carried out through its 60,000 square foot,

state-of-the-art International Center, accompanied by 8 flourishing

local churches that extend to Lancaster, Lebanon, York, and Carlisle.
The Church's reach, impact, and inspiration of unity and communal

growth is yet another sign of God's enduring faithfulness and

blessings.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, on behalf of the 10th Congressional District

of Pennsylvania, I'm honored and humbled to recognize Living Spring

Harrisburg Church and 2 decades of success.
Living Spring's cultivation

of moral values, charitable activity, and community faith is truly the

epitome of God's work, and I wish its community continued great health,

happiness, prosperity, and success for many years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING AND HONORING THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 555TH CIVIL

ENGINEERING SQUADRON, KNOWN AS ``TRIPLE NICKEL,'' RED HORSE UNIT

HON.
PETE SESSIONS

Mr. SESSIONS.