166),

Congress always intended U.S. law to apply to any form of exploration,

development, production, transportation, and transmission of energy

resources under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953.
On January 25, 2021, President Biden's first executive order (no.
14005) directed federal agencies to maximize the use of American

mariners, American-built ships, and U.S.-flagged vessels under the

Jones Act.
In response to my amendment enacted in the FY21 NOAA, U.S.

CBP issued a headquarters ruling letter ``HQ H309186'' on January 27,

2021, correctly holding that the transportation of ``scour protection''

materials from the Port of Providence, Rhode Island to a wind project

on the Outer Continental Shelf off the southeast shore of Martha's

Vineyard is a coastwise activity under the Jones Act.
On March 17, 2021, the national trade association for the offshore

wind industry sent a letter to the Commissioner of CBP requesting that

the agency withdraw HQ H309186.
In this letter, the offshore wind

industry mischaracterized my September 2020 remarks from the

Congressional Record as somehow supporting its request that CBP

withdraw the January 27, 2021, letter ruling.
On March 25, 2021, CBP

issued a revised headquarters ruling letter (HQ H317289) contradicting

its January 2021 letter ruling and the President's stated policy,

allowing foreign vessels to construct energy projects on the Outer

Continental Shelf.
To be clear, my September 2020 remarks in the Congressional Record

stated that my amendment to Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act simply

clarified that all forms of offshore energy development are indeed

subject to the same U.S. laws that apply to the offshore oil and gas

industry.
That does not mean that I accept the validity of the many

administrative loopholes to the Jones Act created by decades of bad

letter rulings and poor enforcement by CBP.
Rather, I have long held

that many of the activities regulators have incorrectly allowed the

offshore oil and gas industry to engage in using foreign-flagged

vessels are clear violations of the plain text of the Jones Act and

original Congressional intent.
It is now clear to me that the regulators at CBP are unwilling to

fully implement the Jones Act, as directed by President Biden's

Executive Order 14005.
My `Closing Agency Loopholes to the Jones Act'

would finally force federal regulators to enforce the law as Congress

intended in 1920, maximizing job opportunities for American mariners,

U.S.-flagged vessels, and domestic shipyard workers.
In effect, my

legislation would also compel CBP to implement the President's stated

policy by fully enforcing the Jones Act.
On April 26, 2023, the House Committee on Transportation and

Infrastructure passed two key sections from my bill in the ``Coast

Guard Authorization Act of 2023'' (H.R. 2741 ).
Sections 8 and 9 from

my bill are now incorporated as Section 312 (Notification) and Section

313 (Publication of Fines and Penalties) of H.R. 2741.
Section 312 requires foreign-flagged vessels purporting to operate

under a Jones Act exemption to notify CBP and post online its legal

basis for operating on the Outer Continental Shelf.
Currently, CBP uses

an honor system for foreign vessels operating on the Outer Continental

Shelf and their legal basis for doing, which undermines the agency's'

ability to enforce the Jones Act properly and enables outright fraud.
Section 313 requires CBP to publish online any penalties against

foreign-flagged vessels operating illegally on the Outer Continental

Shelf, including for failing to notify the agency of the purported

Jones Act exemption in advance.
For this Congress, I also require in my bill that offshore energy

developers on the Outer Continental Shelf pay a prevailing wage.
Under

current law, project developers operating in the United States'

Exclusive Economic Zone at sea can pay poverty wages, exploiting

foreign workers and undermining American mariners' ability to compete

for this work.
After decades of failed promises, we are finally

building the clean energy economy of the future.
American mariners are

ready, willing, and able to work in the burgeoning offshore wind

industry.