Title: CELEBRATING EDEN HOUSING'S 55TH ANNIVERSARY; Congressional Record Vol.
169, No.
172

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING EDEN HOUSING'S 55TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ERIC SWALWELL

Mr. SWALWELL.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to recognize Eden

Housing, which will celebrate 55 years since it first opened its doors,

on Friday, October 27, 2023.
Eden Housing provides dignified,

affordable housing to residents across the state of California.
Eden Housing was founded in 1968 by community activists in Hayward,

California.
Led by California State University, Hayward Professor Bill

Vandenburgh, Eden Housing's mission is to provide safe, non-

discriminatory, affordable housing in Alameda County.
Following this

mission, Eden Housing's first project was to rehabilitate six older

homes in Oakland so that each family could keep making memories without

sacrificing safety.
Eden Housing also develops high-quality housing communities for low-

income families, seniors, veterans, and persons with disabilities

throughout my district, the wider Bay Area, and California.
Eden

Housing properties ensure that residents receive supplemental resident

and enrichment programs to support their well-being.
These services

include wellness checks, physical education, and financial workshops.
Over the course of its history, Eden Housing has developed nearly

12,000 affordable housing units across 155 properties in California,

with more than 100,000 residents calling Eden Housing properties home.
Since its inception, Eden Housing has also awarded over 620

scholarships to residents totaling more than $1 million in support of

their academic and professional goals.
It has been my privilege to support Eden Housing's work by passing a

direct appropriation of $1 million for the development of a veterans'

park in Livermore.
Their hard work was also recently recognized by the

Department of the Treasury's Community Development Financial

Institutions Fund award of $10 million.
In sum, Eden Housing is pivotal to improving California neighborhoods

through nurturing relationships with residents and diverse community

partners.
I am grateful for the 55 years of hard work that Eden Housing

has undertaken to become a leader in the establishment of affordable

housing in our state.
I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating

Eden Housing's legacy and wish it many more productive years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CLOSE AGENCY LOOPHOLES TO THE JONES ACT

HON.
JOHN GARAMENDI

Mr. GARAMENDI.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I reintroduce the

``Close Agency Loopholes to the Jones Act of 2023,'' which would close

nearly 50 years of anti-Jones Act decisions--known as ``letter

rulings''--by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP).
As chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and

having served as ranking member of the Subcommittee on Coast Guard and

Maritime Transportation from 2013 to 2018, I am committed to rebuilding

the U.S.-flagged fleet including international and Jones Act vessels.
For decades, Congress has stood idly by while federal regulators

chipped away at the Jones Act, allowing foreign vessels paying poverty

wages to take jobs from Americans working in our maritime industry.
That must stop.
In December 2020, Congress enacted my amendment to the Outer

Continental Shelf Lands Act as section 9503 of the William M. (Mac)

Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021

(Public Law 116-283) affirming that the application of the

Constitution, laws, and civil and political jurisdiction of the United

States to the Outer Continental Shelf also applies to non-mineral

energy resources and exploring for, developing, producing,

transporting, or transmitting such resources.
As I stated in my remarks

on September 24, 2020 (Congressional Record, Vol.
166, No.
166),

Congress always intended U.S. law to apply to any form of exploration,

development, production, transportation, and transmission of energy

resources under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act of 1953.
On January 25, 2021, President Biden's first executive order (no.
14005) directed federal agencies to maximize the use of American

mariners, American-built ships, and U.S.-flagged vessels under the

Jones Act.