MIKE GALLAGHER

Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I rise to recognize the

100th anniversary of the Hill Top Bakery in Kaukauna.
For the past 100 years, the Hill Top Bakery in Kaukauna has provided

exceptional customer service and delicious, daily made, old-fashioned

baked goods for people throughout Wisconsin.
Originally a horse stable,

their building on 7th and Main in Kaukauna was repurposed into a bakery

and opened in 1923, where it still remains to this day.
To say baking

runs in the family is an understatement.
Mark and Lynn Engel have owned

and operated the location for nearly 30 years after they took it over

from Lynn's parents, Harry and Diane Wirth, who ran the Bakery for the

previous 26 years.
The family's commitment to outstanding service and

quality products for more than 50 years has made Hill Top Bakery a

staple in Northeast Wisconsin.
In addition to offering delicious baked goods for people throughout

Northeast Wisconsin, Hill Top Bakery is known for its unwavering

support of Kaukauna and the greater Fox Valley community.
The Bakery

has donated goods to organizations like Project Purpose, a

collaborative mural experience that centers around students in Special

Education at Appleton East High School.
During Breast Cancer Awareness

Month in October, the Bakery donates a portion of its proceeds to the

Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
I commend the dedication and

unwavering support that the Hill Top Bakery team has shown to our

community.
100 years in operation is no small feat and at Hill Top Bakery they

have the perfect recipe for success, incredible people, a Northeast

Wisconsin work ethic, and generations of family recipes that have been

acquired over the last century.
From their famous peanut squares to

their cherry chip cookies, Hill Top Bakery provides top-notch baked

goods to the people of Wisconsin.
It is evident due to their continued

success that the Hill Top Bakery is committed to providing homemade,

authentic, and old-fashioned bakery items for people throughout

Northeast Wisconsin, all the while making our community a better place.
I invite all members of this body to join me in celebrating the 100th

anniversary of Hill Top Bakery.
I extend my sincerest congratulations

to Mark and Lynn Engel and the entire Hill Top Bakery team on this

remarkable milestone and wish them continued success for years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE 2023 AMHERST CHAMBER OF COMMERCE

AWARD WINNERS

HON.
BRIAN HIGGINS

Mr. HIGGINS of New York.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today I am honored

to recognize six businesses, organizations, and individuals that have

been instrumental to the growth of Amherst, NY.
As the pillar of the

business community in Western New York's most populous suburb, the

Amherst Chamber of Commerce has the responsibility of identifying many

of our community leaders.
At this ``Excellence Event,'' there is no

shortage of men and women who have put the interests of their neighbors

ahead of their own.
This year's winner of the Stewardship Award is Goodwill of Western

New York.
Their mission of caring for others is not only commendable

but has a tangible impact on countless individuals within our

community.
Goodwill's programs give those seeking employment a chance

to showcase their skills and ambition in a productive environment.
They

take pride in helping to lift those from unemployment or

underemployment while collecting millions of pounds in local donations.
Annually, Goodwill of Western New York supports well over 1,000

individuals in their pursuit of workforce development programs.
It is

my hope that Goodwill can continue to expand their services and build

on the success that earned them this year's Stewardship Award.
After more than six decades of serving Western New York families and

businesses, Lawley Insurance is awarded this year's Family-Owned

Business Award.
A third-generation family business, Lawley has become a

premiere agency in the eyes of the community they serve.