Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, I rise to honor the Pancretan

Association of America (PAA) on their many achievements throughout

their 94 years of dedicated service.
I am thrilled to congratulate the

PAA on the establishment of their first-ever National Headquarters at

the Hellenic Center in Bethesda, Maryland, and on the recent election

of their organization's first female president, Diane Kounalakis.
The PAA and the Pancretan Youth Association (PYA) offer a rich array

island of Crete.
The PAA and PYA have supported the enrichment and

personal development of both Cretan Americans and the general public

through educational events, study abroad scholarships, dance and music

workshops, and translations of Greek literature.
The PAA also has a

long and storied history of advancing essential causes on the island of

Crete and throughout both Greece and the United States.
From helping to

establish Crete's first public hospital in the 1950s to supporting

orphanages, food pantries and disaster relief today, the PAA has made

immense contributions.
I have no doubt that President Diane Kounalakis, a longtime PAA

member and volunteer, will be an exemplary leader for the PAA.
Mr.

Speaker Pro Tempore, I urge my colleagues to join me in applauding the

PAA for its many decades of service, and in wishing the PAA all the

best in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO DR.
IRIS SHANNON, NURSE, EDUCATOR AND ADMINISTRATOR

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker Pro Tempore, today, I wish to pay

my deepest respects to Dr. Iris Shannon--a nurse, educator and

administrator.
I met and got to know Iris Shannon in the late 1960s

when I began to work in healthcare, first at the Dr. Martin King Health

Center, the Westside Health Planning Organization and Mile Square

Health Center.
I knew Iris as a competent, involved nurse, as Director of Nursing at

Mile Square, as Director of Nursing at Rush Medical Center and as a

Nursing Professor at Rush Medical School.
The late 1960s and early

1970s were very serious health interest years and health activity due

to the civil rights activity, changes in health law and the leadership

of Democrats in government.
These changes in health took place at all

levels of government and Iris was what I call an activist.
There were meetings about health all over the place and practically

all of the time.
Iris was often present at many of these meetings,

sharing her knowledge, her expertise and her wisdom.
Iris worked with

nurse groups, administrative groups, community groups, women

groups, black power group and the list goes on.
If it was about health and health care needs, Iris was there.
Iris

was an organizer, a joiner, a promoter, a practitioner, a scholar, a

teacher, a mentor and a role model, not loud, but a leader who became

President of the American Public Health Association.
Iris made her mark during what I call ``movement time'', a period

when Black Americans were greatly moving out of the shadows of society.
As I mentioned earlier, Dr. Shannon was not loud, but she was proud and

as black as the ace of spades, if you know what I mean.
Iris possessed Black pride, expressed Black principles, stood up for

Black people and exuded Black excellence.
Iris was a caring and

wonderful nurse, a great scholar, teacher and administrator, a

visionary leader and an amazing friend.
I am so glad to have known and worked with her.
Dr. Iris Shannon was

a role model to so many and will be missed by the multitudes, but her

legacy of service shall endure.