Mr. PERRY.
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Deputy Chief Dennis J. Sorensen on the auspicious occasion of his retirement on January 10, 2024, from the City of Harrisburg Bureau of Police after more than 31 years of distinguished and tireless service.
Dennis began his career on May 22, 1992.
He was a member of the 53rd class of Harrisburg Area Community College Police Academy and graduated in September 1992.
Serving the majority of his time in the 1st Platoon as a Patrol Officer on the midnight shift, then Patrol Officer Sorensen was promoted to Corporal in 2000.
He earned his way to the Criminal Investigations Division, becoming the Adult Offender Supervisor from 2000 to 2011.
After earning promotion to Sergeant, he commanded the Special Operations Unit, and served with the Harrisburg Bureau of Police to assist in the Hurricane Katrina disaster.
In 2011, Sergeant Sorensen was reassigned to the Uniformed Division, and served as the Officer in Charge of the 2nd Platoon.
Through his outstanding work, shortly after his previous promotion, Sergeant Sorensen earned the rank of Lieutenant, and served as commander of the 1st Platoon until 2018.
In 2020, he earned the rank of Captain, and commanded the Uniformed Patrol Division, and was honored with the position of Deputy Chief position in 2021.
Along with his impressive law enforcement record, Deputy Chief Dennis Sorensen is a decorated Veteran of the United States Army, wherein he served honorably for 30 years, achieving the rank.
He earned his Bachelor's degree and military commission from the California University of Pennsylvania, and served in myriad and vast leadership positions, deployments, and training schools; of particular note, earning the coveted status.
His military awards and decorations include: Army Meritorious Service Medal; Army Commendation Medal; Army Achievement Medal; Army Reserve Component Achievement Medal; National Defense Service Medal; Global War on Terrorism Service Medal; Kosovo Campaign Medal; Iraq Campaign Medal; Armed Forces Reserve Medal; Army Service Ribbon; Overseas Service Ribbon; NATO Medal; the Master Army Aviator Badge; the Pennsylvania Meritorious Service Ribbon; Pennsylvania Service Ribbon; Pennsylvania Twenty Year Service Medal; Pennsylvania General Thomas J. Stewart Medal; and the Pennsylvania Major General R. White Jr. Medal.