Mr. DIAZ-BALART.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
Mr. Manuel Milanes Pizonero, a cherished friend of mine, constituent of Ave Maria, Florida, and a bold anti-communist voice within the Cuban American community in South Florida.
On August 22, 2024, Manuel faced a life-altering situation few ever encounter in their lifetimes and made a heroic split-second decision even fewer choose to.
As Manuel sat at home in his living room, a sudden loud sound like a crash broke the silence outside his home.
Knowing his son had just stepped outside to take out the trash, Manuel immediately rushed out, fearing the very worst.
Stepping onto the scene, he saw a man approaching a car in what appeared like a move to assist the family inside.
As Manuel moved closer in an attempt to provide help, the man outside the car quickly asked him for a tool to break the car window, leading Manuel to go back inside to retrieve the appropriate device.
Upon returning, however, the situation rapidly shifted when one of the passengers stuck inside the car cracked the window open begging Manuel not to break the window.
The passenger quickly revealed that the man outside the car was armed and threatening to kill the mother and her four children inside.
Manuel, demonstrating an incredible measure assailant, even while unarmed, to stop, attempting to deescalate the situation and fervently insisting that he not act on his impulses and harm the family.
At this, the man turned his weapon on Manuel, placing him directly in the line of fire, and instructed him to return to his home and stay out of it--yet Manuel refused to back down.
Running back to his home, he grabbed his own gun, and quickly returned outside to help.
However, in that short amount of time, the assailant managed to shatter the car window and force his way inside the car with the family.
In seeing this, Manuel immediately stepped in to subdue him, once more placing himself in harm's way in the hopes of disarming the shooter.
Refusing to drop his firearm, the man turned the gun on Manuel once more, firing at him and hitting him in the left shoulder and chest, shattering his clavicle and causing severe blood loss.
Despite being shot at two more times, Manuel held his ground, ready to protect the mother and her children as the shooter fled the scene.
It took one instant and Manuel single-handedly changed the course of events in the lives of a mother and her four children, choosing selflessly to place their wellbeing before his own.
Manuel narrowly escaped the ordeal with his life, with his heart stopping a total of 3 times mid-emergency surgery and requiring over 30 liters of transfusions.
Though he faces a long road to recovery and subsequent surgeries, Manuel maintains that he would do it all over again if necessary.
Since his successful discharge from the hospital, the community of Ave Maria has coalesced in a show of solidarity and pride around him, offering their prayers and support.
Manuel Milanes is the preeminent example of the very kind-hearted, God-fearing and freedom-loving immigrant our country has long thrived as a result of.
Originally from Cuba, Manuel made the United States his home in 2017 after living in the Dominican Republic, where he met his loving wife, Kenia Rodriguez.
Together, they set down roots in the Ave Maria community, building a family and a successful business.
He notes that it is his Christian faith that has guided him in choosing a business that serves others, while also providing generously for the families of his 50 employees.
Beyond his business pursuits, Manuel is a passionate anti-communist freedom fighter who has never forgotten his Cuban roots or the mission into action, Manuel created a YouTube channel dedicated expressly to denouncing the brutal Castro regime's human rights abuses and raising funds to support political prisoners and their families in Cuba.
To this day, he remains blacklisted by the regime for speaking out against the ruthless dictatorship.
Through his efforts, he has successfully provided medicine, food, and financial support to those still fighting for freedom, both in the opposition and those wrongfully imprisoned under the regime's oppressive hand.
Exemplary citizens like Manuel Milanes are the very reason I remain hopeful for the future of our Nation and remain convinced the American Dream is yet alive and well today.
His unrestrained willingness to risk his life for others, his unwavering commitment to freedom, and his deep faith make him a true patriot and a living example of the values we cherish in this great Nation.