ideal for agribusiness and manufacturing--providing for its abundant growth and early establishment as the largest city and the current county seat in the County.
Abraham Lincoln freed his first slave, Nance Legins-Costley of Pekin, in Tazewell County, and Pekin is the birthplace of such prominent national figures as U.S. Senate Minority Leader Everett McKinley Dirksen; U.S. Assistant Secretary of Defense and Advisor to Robert McNamara, John T. McNaughton; Journalist Richard Stolley of LIFE Magazine, and Astronaut Scott Altman.
Today, Pekin remains a closely-knit and primarily service-oriented community, with dozens of churches, civic and service organizations, and nonprofit agencies striving to make a difference in the Pekin community and beyond.
The founding pioneer settlers of Pekin believed strongly that it was imperative to provide their youth with a strong education, and the Pekin Public Schools have diligently nurtured the children of the Pekin community since its first school opened in 1830.
Pekin is perhaps best known today for its annual Marigold Festival that draws visitors from all over the state and the nation, gathering primarily in its iconic Mineral Springs Park.
Community members have successfully led an 18-month endeavor to raise over $1.2M in private funds and to build a performing arts venue in Mineral Springs as a major Bicentennial gift to the City, its residents, and many future generations.
Pekin continues to make exceptional efforts to preserve and understand its past while embracing its future, led by organizations such as the Pekin Public Library and the Tazewell County Genealogical and Historical Society: Its year-long 2024 Bicentennial celebration has been among the highest of such achievements.
Today, we celebrate the City of Pekin and its residents for their passion and dedication to their community.
I extend my sincere congratulations to the City of Pekin, Illinois for a successful 200 years, and I wish them even more success in the years to come.