Mr. ROGERS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express immense gratitude on behalf of the people of Eastern Kentucky who have received flood recovery assistance from Samaritan's Purse during two back-toback disaster relief missions, starting in 2021.
Breathitt County has essentially become a second home to some team members of Samaritan's Purse, who first arrived in our region after a major flood in March 2021.
They have provided the most comprehensive response efforts, rallying volunteers from across the country to help muck-out damaged homes, provide cleaning supplies and food to flood victims, and resources to help rebuild homes.
The crew dedicated an entire year of service to our region and had only been gone for a few days before a second catastrophic flood hit the heart of our region in July 2022, taking the lives of 45 Kentuckians.
Without hesitation, the Samaritan's Purse tractor trailer reloaded supplies and turned around to head right back to Breathitt County.
Our region was briefly crippled by the widespread impact of that overnight flood that took out power lines, washed out critical roadways and bridges, damaged thousands of homes and vehicles, leaving hundreds of Eastern Kentucky families homeless in an instant.
Thanks to the overwhelming generosity of individuals across the country, donations flooded into our region, giving flood survivors a glimmer of hope for the long journey ahead.
Many organizations, like Samaritan's Purse, also dispatched recovery teams to our region, helping sustain families through their darkest hour.
As various crews expended as many resources as possible to aid Eastern Kentucky, there has been one constant team remaining long after everyone else had to leave--and that is Samaritan's Purse.
For every meal provided, every mop distributed, every bucket of mud carried out, every nail that has been driven and every prayer that has been prayed in our region, I want to personally express my gratitude to Samaritan's Purse.
This organization has carried out the vision of the late evangelist Bob Pierce for more than 50 years, which he established ``to meet emergency needs in crisis areas through existing evangelical mission agencies and national churches.''
Rev. Franklin Graham took up the mantel over 40 years ago, spreading the same kindness, generosity and steadfast hope around the world.
We are blessed that Samaritan's Purse found our small corner of rural America and made our people a priority when they needed it the most.
As a result of their dedication, we are now celebrating with flood survivors in Breathitt County who now have a safe, new house to call home.
On behalf of Eastern Kentuckians in Breathitt and surrounding counties, we thank them for standing with us through the flood and long after the flood waters have receded.
May God continue to multiply the efforts of Samaritan's Purse as they rebuild hope in the mountains of Eastern Kentucky and beyond.