Mr. ROSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a name--and voice-- known to countless Tennesseans.
Philip Gibbons is celebrating 50 years in radio, most of which having been spent as host of the midday show on 94.7 The Country Giant.
The station reaches more than 120,000 listeners across 19 counties, spanning Middle Tennessee and Southern Kentucky.
That's a lot of people who look forward to hearing him day after day.
His broadcast career started at 15-years-old, before he was old enough to drive.
The year was 1974 and the gig was part-time janitor and disc jockey for WPTN in Cookeville, Tenn. Fifty years later, Gibbons is a member of the Tennessee Radio Hall of Fame.
He's been selected as a regular stage host at the CMA Music Fest and a guest announcer at the Grand Ole Opry many times in recent years.
In 2020, Philip was awarded Small Market Personality of the Year by Country Aircheck, the leading trade publication for the industry.
Philip was also nominated by the Academy of Country Music for Small Market Personality of the Year.
When asked why he never left Cookeville behind for a larger radio market, he responded, ``this is where my heart is.
This is my community.''
He not only spent his entire career in that community, but he also gives back to it every chance he gets.
Since 1983, he's served as the public address announcer for Tennessee Tech University football and basketball games.
He's also volunteered his time and used his platform to support many causes over the years, including Habitat for Humanity, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, Alzheimer's Tennessee, and the American Cancer Society.
Gibbons is known by some as the `pink tie guy' in the Upper Cumberland for his dedication to bringing awareness in the fight against breast cancer through wearing a pink tie.
Following the devastation from Hurricane Michael, Philip used his airtime to ask listeners to fill an 18-wheeler with supplies to help the folks of Panama City Beach recover.
From interviewing up-and-coming artists to the legends, Philip has built a name for himself in Cookeville, in Music City, and throughout the County Music family.
He's seen a lot of change in the business throughout his career.
Today, automation and pre-recorded announcements are commonplace in radio, but Philip remembers well the days of liveonly broadcasts and actual turn tables.
I want to congratulate Philip on 50 years in radio and wish him many more years of success ahead.