If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 September.
I would like to start by congratulating Sarina Wiegman and the Lionesses on their fantastic performance at the World cup.
We are all incredibly proud of them.
I also know that the whole House will join me in sending condolences to the family, friends and colleagues of Sergeant Graham Saville.
It is  testament to his bravery that he died in the line of duty, and a terrible reminder of the work that the police do every day to keep us safe.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The Labour party used to claim that it represents working-class people, but Labour’s ultra low emission zone expansion to Greater London will now hammer millions of working people with bills of £12.50 per day, or £4,500 per year.
Does the Prime Minister agree that it is unacceptable that Londoners and those in surrounding counties face this regressive and unacceptable tax, and will he do everything that he can to help working people?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
It is disappointing that last week the Labour leader allowed the Labour Mayor to introduce ULEZ, charging hard-working people £12.50 every time they start their car, adding to the burden of the cost of living.
All I can say is that while we focus on helping hard-working families, all the Labour leader does is punish them.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Prime Minister in congratulating the Lionesses, and also in his comments about Sergeant Saville; I think we speak for the whole House when we speak on that subject.
I also extend the warmest welcome to my hon.
Friend  the new Labour Member for Selby and Ainsty (Keir Mather) .
He has already made history for the Labour party by overturning the largest Tory majority ever in a by-election.
I also welcome the hon.
Members for Uxbridge and South Ruislip (Steve Tuckwell) and for Somerton and Frome (Sarah Dyke).
The roof of Singlewell Primary School in Gravesend collapsed in May 2018.
Thankfully, it happened at the weekend and no children were injured.
The concrete ceiling was deemed dangerous and liable to collapse, and everyone knew that the problem existed in other schools, yet the Prime Minister decided to halve the budget for school maintenance just a couple of years later.
Does he agree with his Education Secretary that he should be thanked for doing a “good job”?
I know how concerned parents, children and teachers are, and I want to start by assuring them that the Government are doing everything that we can to fix this quickly, and minimise the disruption to children’s education.
We make no apology for acting decisively in the face of new information.
Let me provide the House with an update on where we are.
Of the 22,000 schools in England, the vast majority will not be affected.
In fact, in two thirds of inspections of suspected schools, RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—is not actually present.
To tackle the 1% of schools that have been affected so far, we are assigning each school a dedicated caseworker and providing extra funding to fix the problem.
In the majority of cases, children will attend school as normal, and the mitigations take typically just days or weeks to  complete.
We will do everything we can to help parents, support teachers and get children back to normal school life as quickly as possible.
Wood Green Academy in Sandwell was on Labour’s building list in 2010.
The Conservatives scrapped it, and now children there are in a crumbling school.
The head of the National Audit Office accuses the Prime Minister of taking a “sticking plaster approach”.
The NAO report says he cut £869 million.
The person who ran the Department for Education says the Prime Minister is personally responsible.
On Monday, he leapt to his own defence, saying it is “utterly wrong” to blame him—so why does literally everyone else say it is his fault?
The professional advice from the technical experts on RAAC has evolved over time.
Indeed, it is something that successive Governments have dealt with, dating back to 1994.
As new advice has come forward, the Government have rightly, decisively and swiftly acted in the face of that advice.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talked about school budgets and what I had done, but let me just walk him through the facts of what that spending review actually did, because he brought it up—[Interruption.]
No, he brought it up, so presumably he would like to hear the facts.
Funding for school maintenance and rebuilding will average £2.6 billion a year over this Parliament as a result of that spending review, representing a 20% increase on the years before.
Indeed, far from cutting budgets as he alleges, the amount spent last year was the highest in a decade.
That spending review maintained the school rebuilding programme, delivering 500 schools over a decade, a pace completely consistent with what had happened previously.
It is worth pointing out that, during the parliamentary debates on that spending review, the Labour party, and he, did not raise the issue of RAAC one single time.
Before he jumps on the next political bandwagon, he should get his facts straight.
Carmel College in Darlington was on Labour’s building list in 2010.
The Conservatives scrapped it, and now children there are in a crumbling school.
On the one hand, we have the Prime Minister saying it is nothing to do with him, and on the other hand we have the facts.
There is a simple way to clear this up.
Why does he not commit to publishing the requests from the Department for Education for the school rebuilding programme and what risks he was warned of before he turned them down?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman has now brought up twice the Labour school rebuilding programme, so let us just look at the facts surrounding it, because we do know the truth about that programme.
The NAO, which he has called on, reviewed that programme later on, and what did it find?
It found that Labour’s school rebuilding programme excluded 80% of schools.
Next, what did it find?
It found that it was one third more expensive than it needed to be, needlessly wasting resources that have gone to schools.
The worst bit—because now he is talking about the physical condition of schools—is that that programme allocated funds solely on the basis of ideology, with no regard whatsoever to the physical condition of schools.
That is why the independent James review described the programme as “time consuming” and “expensive”—just like the Labour party.
More!
Order.
We do not want to start off with somebody leaving early, because that is what will happen.
Well, Mr Speaker, Conservative Members want more, so let me continue.
Ferryhill School in County Durham was on Labour’s building list in 2010.
The Government scrapped that, and now children there are in a crumbling school.
The truth is that this crisis is the inevitable result of 13 years of cutting corners, botched jobs and sticking plaster politics.
It is the sort of thing you expect from cowboy builders: saying that everyone else is wrong and everyone else is to blame, and protesting that they have done an effing good job even as the ceiling falls in.
The difference is that in this case, the cowboys are running the country.
Is the Prime Minister not ashamed that, after 13 years of Tory Government, children are cowering under steel supports stopping their classroom roof from falling in?
[Interruption.]
Order.
Seriously, calm down.
I understand that this is the first session and people are excited to be back at school, but we expect better behaviour.
This is exactly the kind of political opportunism that we have come to expect from Captain Hindsight here.
Before today, he has never once raised this issue with me across the Dispatch Box.
It was not even worthy of a single—[Interruption.]
Order.
The same applies to those on the Labour Benches.
We will have a calmer Question Time going forward, because I want to hear the questions and the answers, just like your constituents.
Before today, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman never once raised this issue with me in Parliament.
It was not even worthy of a single mention in his so-called landmark speech on education this summer.
If we had listened to him, our kids would have been off school and locked down for longer—it is as simple as that.
He talks about 13 years; well, let us see what has happened.
When we came into office, two thirds of schools were rated “good” and “outstanding”; now, it is 90%.
We introduced the pupil premium to get more funding to the most disadvantaged pupils.
Today, they are 75% more likely to go to university.
And, as a result of our reforms, we now have the best readers in the western world.
That is what 13 years of education reform gets you, all of which was opposed by the Labour party.