What recent assessment he has made of the availability of (a) veterinary products and (b) horticultural stock in Northern Ireland.
The cliff edge on veterinary medicines has been removed, protecting the supply of those medicines in Northern Ireland through to 2025, while we work through sustainable, long-term solutions.
We are much more optimistic about reaching those solutions in the context of the Windsor framework.
There will no longer be any  need for costly phytosanitary certificates for each movement of plants staying in the UK.
We have paved the way for 11 banned plant species to move again by the time of the next planting season.
These were priority cases identified by the industry itself, and we have progressed further cases since announcing the Windsor framework.
We are working closely with a wide range of stakeholders to ensure that gardeners, farmers and growers can access plants and seeds from a wide variety of sources.
With regards to veterinary medicines, I fear the Minister’s sunny optimism may be somewhat misplaced.
After all, his preferred stakeholder—Mr Bernard Van Goethem, the deputy director general for food sustainability—has made it abundantly clear to DEFRA and the UK Government that the negotiations on this matter are “over”.
The deal is done.
There will be no change to veterinary medicines.
This means that insulin will no longer be available in Northern Ireland for animals.
Veterinary medicines for botulism—144,000 were issued last year—will no longer be available.
What will the Secretary of State and the Minister do about this?
The hon.
Gentleman has presented me with information about which I was not aware beforehand.
I am certainly happy to look at what has been said, but what I would say to him is that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister did the deal that no one said could be done.
That has transformed the relationship with the European Union, and I am therefore confident that we will be able to deliver a deal on veterinary medicines.
As we sometimes say, I do not recognise the information that the hon.
Gentleman has presented.
It is new to me, and I shall be glad to look at it, but we will certainly have to deliver a deal.
The Ulster Farmers Union estimates that 1,700 veterinary medicines could be withdrawn from the market in Northern Ireland unless the Windsor framework is fixed.
I urge the Minister to do that.
Certainly.
My right hon.
Friend makes her point with great clarity.
Of course, having made it on an occasion such as this, it has been heard by a wide range of Ministers, and I am confident that we will be able to redouble our efforts to deliver what we need on veterinary medicines.