We have recently had an example of a Roman Catholic priest who was involved in IRA activities.
When talking about his role, he said that his only regret was that his efforts were not more effective in killing people.
If that kind of evidence is elicited—if people come forward and show no remorse and no regret, and offer no comfort to victims—does the Secretary of State really think victims will feel any better?
Would not giving them the opportunity to say, “In the light of that man’s attitude, I do not believe he should be granted immunity,” be a better way of ensuring that justice is at least seen to be done for those people?
Unbelievably evil things were done in the course of the troubles.
Unbelievably hideous acts were committed, and none of us can change that.
As I said at the beginning of my contribution, it has not been possible to give justice to a huge number of those families even today, even after the passage of all that time and even after numerous investigations in some cases.
This Bill tries to get some information to families  who contact the commission to request it, so they can better understand the situation.
It will not change anything that happened in the past—it simply cannot.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for giving way again.
The premise of his argument and some of the arguments we have heard from Members on those Benches, which are sometimes extremely condescending to victims who have been going through this for many decades, is that people will come forward with the truth if we grant immunity.
Well, there is one glaring example that proves that is totally wrong.
During the Bloody Sunday inquiry, the soldiers were granted immunity within the context of the inquiry.
One after another, they lied through their teeth, and that has been proven by an international public inquiry.
With the disappeared, again, IRA people were provided immunity within the context of the organisation that was looking to find those bodies, and we still have bodies out there that have not been found because those people did not come forward and tell the truth even when they were granted immunity.
The lie that is being used to sell this Bill is just that: a lie.
It is patently untrue and it will not do anything to give people the truth and justice they desire.
The hon.
Gentleman characterises it completely incorrectly.
There are no guarantees that the Bill will bring information forward but, as I tried to outline, very little new information has come to light that has led to new cases.
Very few people have been able to receive justice.
He mentions the point that, in the past, some people might have misled a judge-led inquiry.
Well, that is perjury, and perjury is now part of this Bill.
The Bill has changed a huge amount over the past year, and it is worthy of support.
This may well be our last chance to discuss the Bill in this Chamber.
May I ask the Secretary of State to reflect on the fact that virtually every independent human rights expert including, most notably, the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission, which has statutory functions, does not believe that the Bill is human rights compliant?
Even Sir Declan Morgan, who has been appointed to head up the ICRIR, could not give a categorical answer to that question in a recent newspaper interview.
Indeed, it is anticipated that a whole series of cases will need to be brought forward to clear up the issues around human rights compliance.
I understand that point and, again, that is the purpose of all the amendments we have made.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that I was not comfortable with the Bill that I inherited because, as there would be a gap in investigations, I did not believe it could be article 2 compliant.
Amendments have been introduced that completely change that and I believe that the Bill is now compliant, but that will undoubtedly be tested.
Only when it is tested and the results come forward can anybody actually say that the Bill is article 2 compliant, as Government lawyers truly believe it is.