The Prime Minister has said he will lead a Government of honesty, accountability and integrity, so can he explain how he was found to have breached the code of conduct, this time for failing to declare his wife’s shares in a childcare agency that received a monetary boost from measures in his Budget?
If the hon.
Lady reads the full transcript and the full findings, she will see a detailed explanation of what happened, which the commissioner described as a “minor and inadvertent” breach, given that at the time I was not aware of the policy that was being discussed with me, and corrected it later on and could have corrected it with slightly different language.
She will also know that I am not the only person across these Dispatch Boxes that has had the same thing happen to them.
May I interest the Prime Minister in proposals from the commission for carbon competitiveness, which I chair, that would deliver net zero cheaply and without deindustrialising our economy?
It would help British manufacturers facing imports from countries with lower energy costs, make our exports more competitive everywhere, and cut fuel duty at home.
We have strong backing from Britain’s heavy industries, and cross-party support from the excellent hon.
Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock), whose name is also on the Order Paper.
Would the Prime Minister consider adding his name to our list of supporters as well?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and the commission for carbon competitiveness for the report that he has worked on and highlighted, and the Government are absolutely committed to putting in place the necessary policies for UK industry to decarbonise successfully.
As he will be aware, the Government recently consulted on addressing carbon leakage in particular, with a range of potential options.
We are in the process of considering those responses, and will issue a formal response in due course.
Every year, billions of wet wipes go out into our rivers and oceans, and clog up our sewers.
I have been campaigning for years to ban plastic in wet wipes.
The Government have  finally promised to ban plastic in wet wipes, but that was five months ago and there has been nothing since then.
Will the Prime Minister today finally give a date for when that ban will come into force and make a difference to our environment, or is this another broken promise from his zombie Government?
In the comprehensive “Plan for Water” that was published by the Environment Secretary in April, we confirmed our intention to ban wet wipes containing plastic, subject, as is legally proper, to a public consultation.
That consultation will be launched in the coming months, in autumn this year, and I know Ministers will keep the House updated on progress.
I would like to offer some assistance on the small boats issue.
Has my right hon.
Friend considered the incongruity of the fact that a UK dinghy manufacturer trying to sell into the EU market would have to apply the CE marking, customs codes and could be stopped and checked, and a similar situation applies, perversely, with a simple thing like Great Britain to Northern Ireland trade?
But none of that applies, seemingly, when huge, supersize, dangerous cut-and-shut dinghies are taken from Turkey, across the EU border into Bulgaria and Greece.
Is my right hon.
Friend as confused as I am by the EU’s double standards on that matter?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must do all we can to stop the boats and tackle illegal migration.
We know that the export of small boats across parts of the European continent is a vital element of the smuggling gangs’ tactics.
That is why, specifically, we are stepping up joint operations with Turkey—I raised this with the President when we spoke—so that we can tackle organised immigration crime, and specifically disrupt the supply chain of boat parts that are used for these dangerous crossings.
I will continue to keep him updated on our progress.
Two years ago in Plymouth, we lost five people in the worst mass shooting the country has seen for a decade.
The Government have finally consulted on firearms reform, but after pressure from shooting groups, even those sensible measures look like they could be watered down.
Will the Prime Minister bow down to lobbyists from the shooting industry, or will he stand with the grieving families, and with those in Plymouth who want to see no tragedy like this ever happen again, with stronger gun laws?
I know how important this issue is to the hon.
Gentleman, following the horrific shooting in his constituency, and my thoughts are with the family of all those who were killed.
He will know that firearms are subject to stringent controls, and rightly so, but those controls are kept under constant review.
For example, we have taken action to improve information sharing between GPs and the police, to ensure that people are not given access to firearms without their medical conditions being checked.
There is statutory guidance that the chief officers of police have been improving, so that how people apply for firearms is assessed properly, including checks on social media.
On   the matter that the hon.
Gentleman specifically raises, the Home Office is in the process of considering responses to that consultation, and will respond in due course.
Later today, I am bringing forward a ten-minute rule Bill, to include the provision of automated external defibrillators in all new housing developments of 10 dwellings or more.
Will my right hon.
Friend support that provision, and ask his relevant Cabinet colleagues to engage with me to ensure that these life-saving pieces of equipment can become commonplace where they can have the most impact, close to people’s homes?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of these lifesaving devices.
That is why the national planning policy framework already expects planning policies and decisions to promote public safety, but it is also why recently the Government launched a million-pound fund that will place around 1,000 new defibrillators in communities across England to help improve equality of access to these lifesaving devices.
In 2019, the Outwood Academy Riverside free school application in Middlesbrough was approved, with its first year 7 intake arriving the following year.
There have been further intakes every year since, but there is still no new building.
I have had no response to my request for a meeting with the Secretary of State, but that original intake are destined to spend their entire secondary education in various temporary adapted premises.
With pupils being shunted around old buildings, talk of levelling up and addressing the GCSE attainment gap rings hollow.
Will the Prime Minister and his Education Secretary get off their derrières and sort this out?
I am happy to ensure that the hon.
Gentleman gets an answer to his specific question on that school, but more generally I am proud of  what the Government are doing in Teesside and Tees Valley to support education, not only with the recent announcement of new sixth forms, but also it is an education investment area receiving extra funding and resources.
That is why we have seen standards in reading and maths increase considerably, and we are determined to keep going.