Every year the SNP Scottish Government mitigate against the cruellest of Westminster policies by spending £84 million on supporting hard-working families against the brutal bedroom tax and over £6.2 million on covering the two-child benefit cap.
Astonishingly, we have learned over the summer that the Leader of the Opposition is an enthusiastic supporter of these Tory cruel welfare policies, with U-turn after U-turn from the Labour party.
Given that the Tories and Labour are two cheeks of the same arse—[ “Oh!]—offering no change, no vision and no hope, does the Prime Minister agree that the only way Scottish voters can rid themselves— Order.
I am not going to have us both stand up; one of us is going to give way, and it will not be me.
Let us think about language.
Let us be more temperate and make sure that the pride of this Parliament shines through—that certainly will not be by using such language.
I am happy to change the offending word to “bottom”.
Given that the Tories and Labour are two cheeks of the same bottom, offering no change, no vision and no hope, does the Prime Minister agree that the only way for Scottish voters to rid themselves of these heinous policies is to vote for the SNP to leave Westminster forever?
Obviously not.
I think the thrust of that question was directed at the Leader of the Opposition rather than me, and I would not want to get in the middle of that.
What I can say is that we want to ensure a welfare system that is compassionate and looks after the most vulnerable in our society, while supporting   into work those who can do so, because that is also fair for everyone else and British taxpayers.
I believe that is a system that we are achieving.
Right now, we are  providing people in Scotland with thousands of pounds of support to help with energy bills and everything else, and we will continue to do so.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister said that my right hon.
and learned Friend the Leader of the Opposition had never raised the issue of school building safety before, and he specifically mentioned his education speech earlier this summer.
That is categorically untrue.
I wondered if the Prime Minister wanted to correct the record.
My right hon.
and learned Friend mentioned it as part of that speech, in fact.
It has also been raised by the Opposition more than 180 times in this House, and was the subject of an Opposition day debate, in the name of the Leader of the Opposition, in May.
I am sure that the Prime Minister would not want to give the House the wrong impression.
The hon.
Lady has raised the point of order quite correctly, and has corrected the record herself.
I am sure that the Prime Minister will be notified of the point she has raised.
We will leave it for now and see what happens.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I seek your guidance on how hon.
Members may hold energy companies to account for their shortcomings with their business customers?
I have been in contact with EDF Energy for a number of months over its multiple failures that have severely impacted The Circle, a wonderful community interest company in Easterhouse.
EDF’s multiple failures to correct the mistakes are incredibly worrying.
I seek your guidance on how a Member of this House might be able to use its procedures to hold energy companies to account.
It is disappointing to hear about EDF and the way that it is not responding.
As an experienced Member, I am sure the hon.
Gentleman knows that the Table Office can advise him on the various ways that he can pursue EDF on this matter.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During Prime Minister’s questions, the Leader of the Opposition accused the Prime Minister of spending taxpayers’ money to refurbish “Tory offices”.
I believe  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer)  was referring to the Department for Education, a Whitehall, Government, non-partisan civil service office.
Will you, Mr Speaker, ask the Leader of the Opposition to come back to correct the record?
I do not think I need to be told by the hon.
Gentleman what I have to do.
He has certainly put it on the record, and it will have been heard by the Opposition.
You were right to raise a point of order, Mr Stafford, but do not start instructing me on what I need to do.
We will leave that there at this stage.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the provision of automated external defibrillators in all new housing developments of ten dwellings or more; to require developers to provide funding for the maintenance of such defibrillators for a period of ten years after installation; and for connected purposes.
My Bill aims to increase the number of automated external defibrillators by ensuring that, in future, they are an essential feature of every new housing development.
That is a vital step in our endeavour to increase cardiac arrest survival rates.
Crucially, my Bill also requires funding for the continued maintenance of defibrillators.
First, I will outline the scope of my Bill and its links to important debates that the Commons has had on defibrillators.
Secondly, I will highlight the scientific evidence from around the world that overwhelmingly supports the introduction of my Bill, and I will present the important argument for a maintenance provision in the Bill.
I am grateful to Dave Bowling, a community first responder in my constituency, for providing the inspiration for the Bill, which, as this speech will demonstrate, has the potential to save many lives.
The powerful benefits of defibrillators have already been highlighted in Parliament.
My Bill follows the 2018 Defibrillators (Availability) Bill, brought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield) , and the 2023 Automated External Defibrillators (Public Access) Bill brought forward by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
Additionally,  the hon.
Member for Erith and Thamesmead (Abena Oppong-Asare)  recently led an important debate on public access to defibrillators, and a sponsor of my Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (Jonathan Gullis) , has been advocating for greater uptake of AEDs through his leadership of the all-party parliamentary group on defibrillators.
I also note with appreciation that the Leader of the House of Commons, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Penny Mordaunt) , was the first MP to call for all MPs to complete defibrillator training.
Such discussions and endorsements in Parliament are of great value in increasing public awareness of defibrillators.
I acknowledge the very positive steps that have been taken to provide defibrillators in every school and on our high streets, and the funding that the Prime Minister mentioned earlier, but the Bill targets an area that is yet to be addressed: private residential homes.
It is crucial to note that in the UK, most out-of-hospital cardiac arrests—70%, according to the Resuscitation Council UK—occur in the home.
However, when I looked at my constituency and others on the “Defib finder” website, it was apparent that defibrillators are predominantly installed in non-residential areas.
That is a problem.
In Sweden, researchers have found that a person is three times more likely to survive a cardiac arrest in public than at home.
That statistic could be mirrored in the UK, which is why I am calling for a legal requirement to ensure that all new housing developments have a defibrillator—an essential piece of life-saving equipment.
When cardiac arrests happen, it is crucial that a defibrillator be nearby.
According to a study by Sarkisian et al., the survival rate for cardiac arrests decreases by 10% for every additional 100 metres between the patient and the defib.
It is therefore concerning that, according to a recent study by Burgoine et
al.—many Members will have read about it in the papers last week—the median distance of a publicly accessible defibrillator from any given postcode in Great Britain is 726 metres.
When someone has a cardiac arrest, their heart stops, and it is a race against time to ensure that oxygen continues to travel to their brain.
Cardiopulmonary resuscitation—chest compressions with rescue breaths—is essential for maintaining the flow of blood and oxygen during this time.
However, the use of a defibrillator is the only method that can seriously improve survival rates, by shocking the heart and causing it to resume its normal rhythm.
That restores the flow of blood and oxygen to the brain.
If a defibrillator is used before an ambulance arrives, survival rates from cardiac arrest increase from less than 10% to more than 70%.
Given that there are 60,000 cardiac arrests in the UK every year, it is crystal clear that my Bill is necessary to increase the number of defibrillators in private residential areas, and I hope that this will not be a controversial issue for the House.
Some may suggest that the Bill will impose an additional financial burden on housing developers, but the cost of a defibrillator is small in relation to the entire budget of a housing project: just over £1,000.
The Bill will also empower residents to learn about defibrillators, and to know where they are and how to use them.
Everyone should know what a defibrillator is and, hopefully, where to find one.
The second part of my Bill requires developers to provide funding for these new defibrillators for 10 years after their installation.
If defibrillators are to work and   to save lives, they must be maintained.
So what maintenance is required?
First, there must be an electricity supply to maintain the temperature of the defibrillator; this protects the battery life of the device.
Secondly, batteries need to be replaced after four to six years.
Replacement batteries typically cost just £300.
Thirdly, electrode pads need to be replaced after two years.
Five replacement pads cost only £360.
As for who would carry out the maintenance, I believe that a number of organisations would be well placed to visit each defibrillator in an area once every two years for that purpose—for example, the fire service; the first responder network, including the local ambulance service; or even, perhaps, the local authority.
Funding for the maintenance could well be achieved through a section 106 agreement between housing developers and local authorities.
My Bill has two important aspects: the provision of a defibrillator in every new housing development consisting of more than 10 dwellings, and the provision of 10 years’ maintenance funding, all for an additional cost of about £2,500, or £250 per property.
That is a small price to pay for immediate access to a lifesaving defibrillator.
The scientific evidence overwhelmingly emphasises the impact that the Bill could have, and I hope that the House recognises that and decides to take action to improve cardiac arrest survival rates.
Let me end with Dave Bowling’s call to action: “defibrillation for the nation”.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Stephen Metcalfe, Anna Firth, Mr Mark Francois, Jackie Doyle-Price, Carol Monaghan, Jonathan Gullis, Sir Chris Bryant and Giles Watling present the Bill.
Stephen Metcalfe accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 November , and to be printed (Bill 360).
Consideration of Lords message I beg to move, That this House disagrees with Lords amendments 44D, 44E, 44F, 44G, 44H and 44J. Let me begin by reminding the House that the Government have sought to make a realistic assessment of what we can best deliver for families more than a quarter of a century after the 1998 Belfast/Good Friday agreement, nearly 30 years since the first ceasefires, and well over 50 years since the troubles began.
The backdrop is that current mechanisms for addressing legacy matters work for only a very small number of people, rather than the overwhelming majority, and established criminal justice processes are increasingly unlikely to deliver outcomes that people desire, especially in respect of prosecutions.
We have only one issue left to debate today: conditional immunity.
The purpose of this legislation is to give people more information in a shorter timeframe than is possible with the current mechanisms.
We do that by creating an effective information recovery process that relies on a conditional immunity model.
I attended a decent chunk of the debate in the House of Lords yesterday, and although I am sympathetic to the intent behind Lords amendment 44E, which is to give family members a role in deciding whether immunity should or should not be granted, immunity risks undermining the effectiveness of these provisions and the principal aim of information recovery.
For example, the “public interest” consideration element in condition D would lead to uncertainty about the circumstances in which immunity will be granted, undermining the clear and transparent approach that we have developed over time.
If we are to ensure that the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery can obtain as much information for families as possible, we need to ensure that the right incentives are in place for individuals to come forward to provide that information.
I appreciate that the Secretary of State—whom, by the way, I greatly respect—has come here to try to deliver the Bill as it is, but may I make this point to him?
A great many people out there have lost loved ones over the years—we all know who they are—and on every occasion, they seek justice.
As I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell) , even if there is only a candle of light of a possibility that someday, those who had murdered someone’s loved one would be held accountable for it, that is what we need.
Let me say, with respect, that today the Government are extinguishing that light for all those who have lost loved ones.
There are many people in the Chamber today, and in the Public Gallery, who have lost loved ones.
On behalf of all those families, I implore the Secretary of State and the Government to think very carefully about the direction  that they are taking, because the families’ right to justice is being extinguished, and that cannot bode well for the future.