I did not notice my hon.
Friend slink in behind me, but I am grateful for his moral support, Madam Deputy Speaker, even though by your order he is unable to vocalise it.
On my support for sustainable aviation, I was pleased to host and address a new industry alliance, Hydrogen in Aviation, just last night here in Parliament.
The alliance is designed to help the UK lead innovation in that field.
That would, along with duty-free on arrival, better support our sector.
Aviation and our ports are  vital for UK trade and employment.
We can do this in a cleaner, smarter way, and duty-free arrivals can play an important part for the sector.
In closing, it is clear that the introduction of arrivals duty-free stores would support economic growth and provide a tiny boost to the recovery of aviation, travel and tourism from the pandemic.
This plan would be funded by industry and would be at worst cost-neutral for the Exchequer.
It is a low-risk policy that has already proven successful in some 65 countries around the world.
There would likely be no impact on domestic high street sales, due to limited market overlap and differing customer behaviours in duty-free stores.
By introducing duty-free stores on arrival, the Government can reaffirm their commitment to supporting the aviation, travel and tourism sectors, and the economic prosperity that they afford by providing employment to so many of my constituents, and to communities across the entire country.
The policy is also popular with the electorate, so I hope that the Government will act swiftly to achieve this additional Brexit freedom.
I wish to inform the House that I have received a letter from  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne North (Catherine McKinnell) , informing me of her resignation as the Chair of the Petitions Committee.
I therefore declare the Chair vacant.
I can now announce the arrangements for the elections for the Chair of the Petitions Committee and the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee, which was declared vacant on Monday.
Nominations for both elections will close at noon on  Tuesday 17 October .
Nomination forms will be available from the Vote Office, the Table Office and the Public Bill Office.
Only Members from the Labour party may be candidates in the elections.
If there is more than one candidate in either election, the ballot will take place on  Wednesday 18 October , between 11 am and 2.30 pm, in the Aye Division Lobby.
Briefing notes with more information will be made available in the Vote Office.