The Prime Minister is aware of how the RAAC issue has affected schools in Essex.
We have a high number of schools that have been impacted.
He has rightly said today that the Government are doing everything they can to get children back to school.
I know there is a debate on this later today, but will he commit to fully funding both the capital and revenue costs associated with getting children back into school?
I hope he will commit to meeting the leader of Essex County Council, because it is pioneering some great reforms right now, where it is looking to support maintained schools as well as academy trusts.
I think the Government could get some good insights into how we can get children back to school fast and look at the funding model.
First, I thank my right hon.
Friend for her constructive engagement with the Department.
I pay tribute to her school leaders and local authority for everything they are doing.
I am happy to give her the reassurance, as the Chancellor has already said, that new funding will be provided to schools to deal with this issue.
To ensure that we can get through this as quickly as possible for my right hon.
Friend’s constituents and parents—and, indeed, everyone else’s—the Department for Education is in the process of increasing the number of dedicated caseworkers from 50 to 80.
We have 35 project directors regionally on the ground to support, and we have more than doubled the number of survey firms, so that we can rapidly over the next few weeks fully assess all the relevant schools and have a mitigation plan in place.
Steel-
workers in my constituency have watched in frustration as other Governments have pumped investment into decarbonisation while successive Tory Governments have sat on their hands.
When will the Prime Minister finally conclude the talks with Tata Steel?
Can he guarantee that level of investment will match what other European Governments are doing on decarbonisation?
And will he guarantee that the conclusion will be based on serious engagement, comprehensively with the steel unions?
Steel is absolutely vital to the UK.
This matter is of course of interest to the hon.
Gentleman, but I have also discussed it extensively with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) , and that is because the industry supports local jobs and economic growth.
Conversations with specific companies, such as Tata, are ongoing, but they are understandably commercially sensitive.
We share the ambition of securing a decarbonised, sustainable and competitive future for the industry in this country.
In the meantime, we are supporting the sector with our energy-intensive industries exemption, which provides discounted energy bills.
We also have the industrial energy transformation fund, which supports steel companies with their energy bills and the transition through capital to a greener future.
Two weeks ago the Government announced that the Bolsover School’s bid for a sixth form in my constituency has been successful.
Across the country, some 52% of school leavers at 16 years old go on to a sixth form, but in Bolsover it  is 23%, in Clowne it is 22%, and in Shirebrook it  is 7%.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking the Redhill Academy Trust, Matthew Hall, the headteacher of Bolsover School, and all those who have helped to bring a sixth form to Bolsover?
I congratulate Redhill and everyone involved with the successful bid for the new sixth form in Bolsover.
I am delighted that the bid was successful.
I know that my hon.
Friend shares my desire to ensure a world-class education for every single one of our young people across the country, because that is the best way to provide them with the opportunity for a better life.
The new programme of sixth forms will deliver that in his constituency and many others across the nation.
The north- east has been underfunded in terms of transport investment for decades.
HS2, which was meant to be an economic development and connectivity lifeline, is now not coming anywhere near, the A1 Northumberland dualling decision has been delayed yet again, and our regional rail services are still running on outdated infrastructure and rolling stock.
With all that in mind, will the Prime Minister commit the funding to reopen the Leamside line from Gateshead to County Durham to take pressure off the east coast main line and aid economic wellbeing and the movement of passengers and freight services in the north-east of England?
Or is levelling-up just rhetoric?
Obviously, it would not be right for me to comment on specific projects, but to give the hon.
Gentleman a sense of our commitment, what I can tell him is that in real terms since 2010 we have spent over a third more in central capital investment in northern transport every single year compared with Labour’s last six years in government.
That is what we are doing for northern transportation.
Specifically, when it comes to reopening and restoring railway lines, where was the first one that we did?
From Ashington to Blyth.
I have a cheerful question that I know my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister will find impossible to resist.
He will be aware of the work that I have been doing with No. 10’s UK Ambassador for mental health, Dr Alex George, to establish early intervention mental health hubs across the country.
We have got the pilot, which seems to be lost somewhere between the Treasury and the Department of Health—I know he will sort that problem out—but will he meet Dr Alex George and me to discuss it further?
These hubs will make a massive difference in constituencies across the country.
We all know the problems with child and adolescent mental health services and the perverse situation where children and young people have to get progressively worse before they get the treatment they need.
I know that the Prime Minister will be very supportive of this one, Mr Speaker.
I know that my hon.
Friend is rightly a passionate advocate for improving mental health support for young people, which is something I know we are doing, and I am proud of our record, particularly in increasing the number of mental health support teams who work with schools and expanding community services.
I know that the Department of Health and Social Care is looking at the role that early support hubs might play in this plan, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend personally to discuss how we can push this through.
We have heard far too much lately about ministerial posteriors and little about prosperity for the country.
Even in these dying days of a lame-duck Government, will the Prime Minister stop prevaricating and subscribe to the Horizon programme for the sake of vital British science, innovation and cancer research?
This Government are investing record sums in British science and research and development, because we believe that is critical to a brighter economic future and spreading opportunity.
Our priority and preference is to associate to Horizon, but we want to make sure that that is on terms that are right both for the British taxpayer and for British science and research.
I can commit to the hon.
Lady that we have been extensively involved in discussions.
I hope to be able to conclude those successfully and, when we do, I hope she will be the first to stand up and congratulate the Government.
September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month, but it also marks two years since the death of my constituent Sophie Fairall.
She was only 10 years old.
Every day in the UK, 10 young people will be diagnosed with cancer, and two of those will not survive.
Those who do face a lifetime of side effects from treatments that are just not designed for small bodies.
When will the Prime Minister publish a childhood cancer action plan?