The Secretary of State was unhappy with the Bill he inherited, which is the context of the amendments and changes that have been made to this Bill.
Has he consulted with the chief commissioner-designate  on the Lords amendments he is rejecting today?
If the chief commissioner-designate was consulted, did he agree to reject the amendments?
I determined not to speak to the chief commissioner-designate, so that I could maintain his independence when the Bill is enacted.
In several of the Secretary of State’s answers to questions from Opposition Members, he has said, “If there is extra evidence”.
Has he or the British Government had the opportunity to speak to the Irish Republic Government about their role?
I believe the Irish Republic Government, through the Garda Síochána, have an evidence base on the murders that were carried out by the IRA along the border.
I am very conscious of Chief Superintendent Harry Breen and Bob Buchanan in 1989, Lexie Cummings in 1982 and Ian Sproule in 1991.
The people who did that escaped across the border, and the Garda Síochána has indicated— Order.
I am very conscious of time.
You are down to speak, and you have made your speech already.
Other people need to get in.
This is a very important issue, and I want to make sure that people can make their speeches.
Forgive me, Mr Speaker; I was trying to take as many interventions as possible.
I know.
We all know that Mr Shannon is very good, but it is the amount of time.
Interventions have to be short and punchy, not speeches.
He is going to make a speech later.
I can assure  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  that I have been speaking to the Irish Government about elements of what he mentioned.
The commission will grant immunity from prosecution only if an individual provides an account that is true to the best of their knowledge and belief.
We have developed a robust test for immunity, in which their account must be tested against any information that the commission holds.
If an individual does not provide a truthful account of their actions that could be passed to families, or if they do not participate in the immunity process at all, immunity will not be granted and they would remain liable to prosecution should evidence exist.
Where a prosecution takes place, and should a conviction be secured, an individual will not be eligible for the early release scheme under the Northern Ireland (Sentences) Act 1998.
Again, that is a result of amendments made in this House.
Similarly, although I acknowledge the sentiment  behind introducing licence conditions under Lords amendment 44E, I respectfully suggest that the Government have sought to address these issues through amendments that were adopted on Report in the other place.
These amendments send a clear message that, once immunity is granted, individuals who are convicted of offences that could impede reconciliation will lose that immunity.
In the Government’s view, this approach strikes the right balance between providing sufficient certainty  as to the effect of a grant of immunity necessary to  encourage participation and ensuring that there are appropriate consequences for those whose behaviour after being granted immunity is not compatible with the fundamental aims of the Bill.
The alternative proposed by the Opposition would not support an effective information recovery process, and I therefore ask that the House joins me in disagreeing to amendments 44D, 44E, 44F, 44G, 44H and 44J.