The Secretary of State knows that there are concerns in the Unionist community about unfettered access for Northern Ireland businesses trading with Great Britain.
The Government said last month in the border target operating model that they are committed to that access, as we all are, and that: “These arrangements will be enshrined and further strengthened in domestic legislation”.
Can he tell the House when that legislation will be introduced?
Hopefully in very short order, dependent on making sure we have got it exactly right, so it answers the questions and allows Stormont and the Executive to re-form.
What steps he is taking to help ensure that postal communications between Britain and Northern Ireland are delivered without customs declarations.
Under the Windsor framework, sending parcels to friends and family in Northern Ireland will be as smooth and easy as it is today, removing any burdensome paperwork, costs or delays.
Northern Ireland consumers will be able to order from businesses in the rest of the UK and receive goods in the post as they do now, without customs processes or burdensome costs.
This will maintain consumer choice for British goods in Northern Ireland.
Businesses sending goods to other businesses will use our new green lane.
A number of constituents and consumers have contacted me to highlight that many eBay or Amazon providers will no longer ship to Northern Ireland as they state that they cannot afford the enhanced fees, demonstrating that Northern Ireland continues to be treated differently.
It is costing small businesses and individuals the ability to shop around.
What steps can the Minister take to revisit the framework with our EU counterparts, to ensure free and fair trade throughout the United Kingdom that is clear and easy to follow for all businesses?
Under the protocol as it was, all parcels would have needed to complete full international customs processes.
I believe that the suppliers to whom the hon.
Gentleman refers will be making their plans under the protocol as it was.
Under the Windsor framework, parcels to consumers will not be subject to those burdensome processes.
He reminds us all that we need to redouble our efforts to communicate to suppliers the message that they will be able to take advantage of a new green lane and supply to consumers in Northern Ireland.
It is a subject close to my heart, and I can see that it is extremely close to his too.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure the sustainability of Northern Ireland’s public finances.
The Northern Ireland Budget (No. 2) Bill 2023-24 is progressing through Parliament and is due to be debated in the other House next week.
The Secretary of State has used his powers to request information and advice from the Northern Ireland civil service on measures that could generate revenue and improve the sustainability of public finances.