The Prime Minister claims to be a man of detail, but there have been 100 parliamentary questions from the Opposition on this issue, and an Opposition day motion.
Let us continue: Holy Family Catholic School in Bradford was on the Labour building list in 2010.
The Government scrapped that, and now children there too are in a crumbling school—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Holden, I have heard enough.
This is the last time; make up your mind.
Either you go now or you are quiet for the remainder.
If you can believe it, Mr Speaker, in April this year, the Education Secretary signed a contract for refurbishment of her offices.
It has her personal stamp of approval on it.
It cost—I cannot quite believe  this—£34 million.
Can the Prime Minister explain to parents whose children are not at school this week why he thinks that a blank cheque for a Tory Minister’s office is better use of taxpayer’s money than stopping schools from collapsing?
What I say to parents is that, on the receipt of new information, we have acted decisively to ensure the safety of children and minimise disruption to education, as we have laid out and communicated extensively.
That is the right thing to do.
I also gently point out to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that, while the Department for Education started this process 18 months ago in spring of last year, as far as I can tell, Labour-run Wales still does not know which schools are affected.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman brought up funding, so again, let us look back to what happened in that spending review.
In that spending review, I increased the Department for Education’s capital budget by 25% to a record £7 billion; it tripled the amount that we spend on children with special educational needs and disabilities; it improved the condition of the overlooked further education estate; and it set the course for per-pupil funding to be the highest ever.
Crucially, it also invested £5 billion to help our pupils recover the lost learning from covid.
He might remember that, because we wanted pupils learning; he wanted longer lockdowns.
I just do not think the Prime Minister gets how, “It’s all fine out there” is at odds with the lived experience of millions of working people across this country.
Let us go on—this is a long list.
In 2010, at least six schools in Essex were on Labour’s building list; the Government scrapped them and now children there are in crumbling schools.
The Prime Minister will not admit that the reason he cut budgets and ignored the warnings is quite simple: just as he thought his tax rises were for other families to pay, he thinks his school cuts are for other families to endure.
Does that not tell us everything we need to know?
He is happy to spend millions of taxpayers’ money sprucing up Tory offices, and billions to ensure that there is no VAT on Tory school fees, but he will not lift a finger when it comes to protecting other people’s schools, other people’s safety and other people’s children.
I know that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman comes here with prepared scripts, but he has not listened to a single fact, over six questions, about the record amounts of funding going into schools, or the incredible reforms to education impacting the most disadvantaged children in our society—a record that we are rightly proud of.
Yes, we can name the schools: that is because we are reacting to information and publishing it so that we know where the issues are—something that we are still waiting for from the Welsh Government.
Of course the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to score political points from something that we are dealing with in the right and responsible way, but I note that he has not mentioned a single other thing that has happened since we last met at the Dispatch Box.
He talked about hard-working families across Britain, but what has happened to energy bills?
Down.
What has happened to inflation?
Down.
What has happened to small boat crossings?
Down.
And what has happened to economic growth?
It has gone up.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman tried time and again to talk down the British economy, but thankfully, people were not listening.
His entire economic narrative has been demolished, and the Conservatives are getting on delivering for Britain.
[Hon.
Members: “More!”
] There will be more.
I call Nicola Richards.
Against a backdrop of improving economic news, inflation falling, energy bills coming down and growth up, people in the west midlands are disappointed to see that Labour-run Birmingham City Council has gone bankrupt.
As a Sandwell resident and a West Bromwich MP, I am no stranger to Labour incompetence.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Labour have demonstrated yet again that they always run out of other people’s money?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
We started by hearing how Labour in London are charging hard-working people with ULEZ, and now we are hearing about how Labour in Birmingham are failing hard-working people, losing control of taxpayers’ money and driving their finances into the ground.
They have bankrupted Birmingham; we cannot let them bankrupt Britain.
We come to the SNP leader.
The public need no reminding that today marks a year since the Prime Minister’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , took office.
Upon her speedy departure, they will have thought that things were going to get better, but unemployment figures are higher, food prices are higher, mortgage rates are higher, and economic growth is stagnant.
When is the Prime Minister going to get off his backside and do something about it?
What the hon.
Gentleman failed to point out is the amount of times I have sat across the Dispatch Box from him and his colleagues and heard how somehow, we were a laggard when it came to growth.
He did not take the opportunity to correct the record now that figures have been published, which demonstrate that in fact, we had the fastest recovery of any European economy after covid.
Mr Speaker, you would be forgiven for thinking that the Prime Minister thinks everything is all right, but let us look at his proposals for a winter cost of living package.
On energy bills, his plan is to do nothing; on mortgage bills, his plan is to do nothing; and on food bills, his plan is to do nothing.
When the Secretary of State for Education said earlier this week that everyone was doing nothing, she was referring to the Prime Minister, wasn’t she?
I think the hon.
Gentleman is a little out of practice, because we have paid around half a typical family’s energy bills over the past year.
That is support worth £1,500, benefiting families in Scotland.
On mortgages, the Chancellor’s mortgage charter covers 90% of the mortgage market, and ensures that a typical mortgage holder can save hundreds of pounds a month on mortgage refinancing.
On energy, thanks to the actions of this Government, we are supporting the hundreds of thousands of jobs in the Scottish oil and gas industry, securing this country’s energy supply, which he opposes.
I will always do what is right for the people of Scotland, and it is time the SNP did the same.
I was delighted when the Prime Minister said last year that, on his watch, we would “not lose swathes” of farmland to solar applications, instead rightly arguing for solar to be installed on rooftops, yet my constituency sees a constant flow of planning applications for solar farms and battery storage plants on food-producing land.
Can I ask my right hon.
Friend: when will his pledge become a reality?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
Solar is one of the cheapest forms of electricity generation, so it is right that we try and see more of it across the country, but we do need to protect our most valuable agricultural land so that it can produce food for the nation and increase our food security.
That is why, thanks to our changes, the planning system now sets this out explicitly with a clear preference for brownfield sites.
Of course, we want to do more to encourage barn-top solar, and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will be updating the House with further information on that policy in due course.
Last week, the Prime Minister stated that he was “proud” of his furlough scheme.
I wonder if he is equally proud of the £400 billion he put on the national debt and the inflation it has caused.
Is he proud of the jobs lost, businesses closed and lives crushed due to the lockdowns?
Is he proud of the increased NHS waiting lists, premature deaths and the 1 million young people now needing mental health support?
Finally, is he proud of the excess deaths affecting every one of our constituencies that nobody wants to talk about, and will he give  an undertaking to the British public—a solemn under-taking—that they will never be inflicted upon them again?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, there is a formal inquiry regarding covid, which will examine all the decisions that were made, including lockdown, and the impacts of them.
But with regard to the furlough scheme, I am proud that, at a time of extreme anxiety in the country, facing an unprecedented situation, this Government put their arms around the British public to ensure that we protected 10 million jobs.
As the report from the Office for National Statistics showed last week, those actions, combined with all the other things we did to support the economy, ensured that we had the fastest recovery through the pandemic of any European nation.
As we are a nation of animal lovers, the Conservative Government’s record on animal welfare is a source of great pride, but, sadly, too many abuses remain—from pet theft, the smuggling of puppies and heavily pregnant  dogs and dogs with their ears horrifically cropped to the illegal export of horses to Europe for slaughter.
These issues are personal to me as a veterinary surgeon and to my constituents, especially animal theft and livestock worrying.
Can the Prime Minister reassure the House that animal welfare is a key Government priority, and that he will bring forward the necessary legislation to tackle these issues as soon as possible?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for both raising this issue and also his work and expertise in the area?
I am proud that, thanks to the actions that previous Governments have taken on things like cat microchipping, the ivory ban and raising the maximum sentence for animal cruelty to five years, we are now the highest ranked G7 nation on World Animal Protection’s animal protection index, but we are determined to go even further and deliver on our manifesto commitments individually during the remainder of this Parliament.