The Secretary of State was asked— What recent discussions he has held with the Police Service of Northern Ireland on the potential impact of changes in the level of funding for policing in Northern Ireland on crime.
Today is my first anniversary in this amazing role—one of the very best jobs in Government.
Some things, alas, have not changed in that time.
Obviously, Stormont is not sitting.
Some important anniversaries have been marked, including the 25th anniversary of the Belfast/Good Friday agreement, and some things have really moved on and changed, including the Windsor framework resolving many of the issues with the Northern Ireland protocol, and indeed my former shadow,  the hon.
Member for Hove (Peter Kyle) .
I warmly welcome his replacement,  the right hon.
Member for Leeds Central (Hilary Benn) , to his place, and indeed his deputy,  the hon.
Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) .
May I place on the record my thanks to the hon.
Member for Hove and his deputy for all the work they did with me in the course of the last year?
Policing in Northern Ireland is a devolved matter, as is the funding for it, and it is the responsibility of Northern Ireland Departments to allocate resources as they see fit.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his anniversary.
In July, the former chief constable warned that the force was at risk of being left unrecognisable due to budgetary pressures that could see the loss of more than 1,000 officers by 2025.
With the force already at lower-than-ideal numbers and the recent data leak likely to have an impact, what discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Department of Justice in Northern Ireland and with the PSNI about how those pressures can be eased during this difficult time for the force?
I had a number of conversations with the former chief constable about this issue.
The budget for 2023-24 gives the Department of Justice a total allocation of £1.2 billion.
Obviously, recognising the unique security situation in Northern Ireland, the UK Government make additional contributions to the PSNI’s counter-terrorism work through the additional security funding.
The UK contribution for 2022-23 is £32 million.
I am fully aware of the obvious issues that we talked about in the recent urgent question, and I am sure that we will get on to those a bit later in questions.