Community engagement and funding are important.
With large-scale solar farms planned for agricultural land, does the Secretary of State think that there are any circumstances in which local communities might know better than him?
Communities are, and will always be, able to speak about the plans for their local area, and to contribute to consultations and planning applications—we will not change anything about that.
However, it is important to say that nationally important infrastructure will need to be built somewhere if we are to have the clean power future and energy security that everybody in this country needs.
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that, even in the most extreme statistics, less than 1% of land in this country would be used to build for solar.
Either the Conservatives are in favour of keeping us on the rollercoaster of volatile fossil fuels, or they are in favour of building clean power.
Her party used to be in favour of net zero, but now it seems to be running away from it at speed.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
We are getting on with delivering our warm homes plan.
We are set to upgrade up to 300,000 homes next year.
We are introducing new standards in the private rented sector and the social rented sector that will lift 1 million people out of fuel poverty, and we are making it easier for people to install heat pumps by removing planning restrictions, expanding our boiler upgrade scheme so that more people can get a discount and boosting the heat pump industry.
Modelling suggests that one in four residents in North West Leicestershire is in fuel poverty.
Does the Minister understand the frustration many constituents will feel that, despite being in one of the wealthiest countries in the world, fuel poverty has become so commonplace?
Will she write to me with an outline of the elements in the warm homes plan that will focus on delivery for those in fuel poverty?
I share the frustration of my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
The scale of fuel poverty in this country is a shameful legacy of the last Government’s 14 years of failure.
It is a legacy that we are determined to turn around through our warm homes plan and our winter support package, and we will do everything we can to make sure that cold, draughty homes are a thing of the past.
The last Government left us far too reliant on foreign dictators for our energy needs.
I congratulate this Government on their focus on ending that dependence and making us energy independent.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to reduce bills for residents in my constituency and to further ensure that Britain remains genuinely energy independent?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
Too many people cannot afford their energy bills—[Interruption.]
That is your legacy.
That is why we are running to deliver clean energy by 2030 and rolling out our warm homes plan, so that we can upgrade millions of homes to make them warmer and cheaper to run.
But it is not my legacy—do not worry.