I would love to hear more, as I am sure would the Minister for Energy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) .
We are committed to all forms of renewable energy if they are economical, which is why we ringfenced tidal in the latest contracts for difference auction, which resulted in six tidal projects being successful, securing up to 28 MW.
We continue to look at what more we can do to support this more nascent technology, including the role that GB Energy can play in the future.
The Government’s quick action when they took office to commission Project Willow is welcome, but confirmation of the decision by Petroineos to close the Grangemouth refinery next year has caused further concern and uncertainty throughout the workforce in the central belt.
With the sustainable aviation fuel mandate starting in 2025 requiring 10% of jet fuel to be SAF by 2030, what consideration has the Minister given to using the role of the national wealth fund to support the rapid conversion of Grangemouth into a sustainable aviation fuel facility?
I appreciate the uncertainty faced by people in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
We have Project Willow and the plan for the site’s future.
A joint committee, which I co-chair, has just been set up with the Department for Transport looking at sustainable aviation fuel and other options to fund and support that, to ensure that we have that emerging industry.
The fund’s title is the national wealth fund.
Will the Minister outline what she intends to do to ensure that industries across the nation of the United Kingdom will benefit from it?
The national wealth fund makes decisions on what it funds and what it does not, but our plan is for the whole country.
For too long, this country has been held back in every corner, and the national wealth fund is a really important part of the future growth of this country in Northern Ireland and everywhere else.
Does the Minister agree that it is something of a tragedy that the UK, which is surrounded by the highest tidal range on planet Earth after Canada, uses so little of that for tidal and marine energy?
She may agree that the reason is that while the lifetime cost of such schemes is as cheap as chips, the up-front costs are expensive.
Could the national wealth fund ensure that we can build things—for example, in Morecambe Bay—that will generate secure renewable energy for all our lifetimes?
The hon.
Gentleman puts his finger on the problem.
That is what vehicles such as the national wealth fund and GB Energy are looking to resolve.
We are of course open to it, and we will do what we can.
Whether he has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs on nature-based solutions to help tackle climate change.
Whether he is taking steps with Cabinet colleagues to support nature-based solutions to climate change.
We know that nature-based solutions have a key role to play in climate mitigation and keeping to 1.5°C at home and abroad.
I have met the Minister for Nature, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Coventry East (Mary Creagh) , and the Government have appointed two special representatives for climate and for nature, who will be working closely together too.
The climate and nature crises are now recognised as inextricably interlinked—we cannot resolve the climate crisis without addressing the nature crisis—but that is not recognised in current legislation.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss my Climate and Nature Bill and its potential to achieve the Government’s stated goal of integrating UK climate and biodiversity policy?
We are not convinced that the Bill is necessary as a well-developed legislative framework with legally binding targets is already in place, including, of course, the Climate Change Act 2008 and the carbon budgets.
However, I appreciate the action on both climate and nature and the hon.
Member’s commitment to both.
I believe that our offices are already trying to find a date for us to meet.
My constituency of Paisley and Renfrewshire South is home to the beautiful RSPB Lochwinnoch nature reserve.
In addition to supporting our biodiversity, the reserve serves as a natural carbon sink.
Globally, wetlands hold approximately 20% to 30% of the Earth’s soil carbon despite covering only 5% of the land surface.
Will the Minister outline how the Department is integrating wetland and peatland restoration into its strategy for meeting the UK’s carbon capture and storage targets?
I am aware of the excellent work being carried out at Lochwinnoch.
We know that protecting and restoring our peatlands is essential for tackling the climate crisis.
We are committed to restoring approximately 280,000 hectares of peatland.
We are also looking at innovative ways of getting funding into those nature-based solutions so that they can thrive.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
Great British Energy will deliver well-paid jobs in industrial communities.
It will own and invest in projects across the country, it will crowd in private investment, and it will develop those crucial supply chains that will make us more resilient as a country and deliver more jobs.
I was delighted to see the Government’s commitment to reindustrialise our nation, creating thousands of jobs in the process.
This is the difference that a Labour Government can make, cleaning up the mess of the Tories and putting this country back on track.
My constituency of Airdrie and Shotts is at the heart of Scotland’s central belt.
Once an industrial heartland, it is full of skills and potential waiting to be unlocked.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that the benefit of the significant job creation that the Government are undertaking will be felt in my constituency?
I will work with my hon.
Friend on creating the jobs that we all want.
It has been announced that Great British Energy will be located in Aberdeen, and there are two additional sites, one in Glasgow and one in Edinburgh.
The national wealth fund has just announced a £20 million investment in XLCC, to support a world-leading factory in Hunterston producing cables.
That will support 900 jobs.
We have seen a £1.6 million investment by Sarens PSG to provide specialist equipment and skilled workers, and to set up a centre for excellence in Aberdeen.
Those are the kinds of projects that we want across our communities, in his constituency and beyond.
An important aspect of Great British Energy’s work will be ensuring industrial strength in all areas of the UK.
Places such as Peterborough are well placed to develop high-skilled jobs and great opportunities in green hydrogen to support that transition, through the work of National Gas in Werrington and our new university campus, Anglia Ruskin University Peterborough.
Does the Minister agree that the success of GB Energy will be the breadth of opportunities that it creates in places such as mine?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Green hydrogen is vital, not just for the decarbonisation of heavy industry but for aviation and maritime.
It has the potential to create thousands of very highly skilled  jobs in every region of the country.
We have already confirmed support for 11 green hydrogen projects from Cumbria to Cornwall, and from Scotland to Kent.
I look forward to saying more on our hydrogen journey soon.