Last year, the UK imported 43% of our energy.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, as well as protecting bill payers from the volatility of international fossil fuel markets and giving us energy independence, we have the potential for economic benefits from exporting electricity and hydrogen through the clean power plan?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that.
It is about energy independence for Britain, and about becoming a clean energy superpower that can export energy and benefit as a country.
The opportunities are huge, which is why we are getting on with it.
I think the Secretary of State is now arguing that energy bills will fall by £300 by 2030.
A simple question: how much will they rise by before then?
I am disappointed in the right hon.
Gentleman, but perhaps I should not be surprised.
The truth is that there is only one future for Britain that reduces bills for good: a clean power mission.
We can carry on being vulnerable, and we can carry on with fossil fuels, but we will be in the grip of petrostates and dictators.
This Government are not willing to leave us exposed.
The Lynemouth biomass power station in my constituency has some very ambitious and exciting projects involving carbon capture and storage, but it is waiting for some major decisions by the Department.
Will the Minister agree to meet me so that we can tackle these pressing outstanding issues?
I would be absolutely delighted to meet my hon.
Friend; we can talk about data centres at the same time.
Carbon capture is an incredibly important part of our future.
We know that we have to have it in order to decarbonise some of our very hard-to-decarbonise industries, and I would be delighted to talk about the possible jobs that it could bring as well.
Local further education colleges are actively pursuing the formation of a skills partnership to meet the opportunity and challenge of potential small modular reactor development in Oldbury in my constituency.
Does the Minister welcome their proactive approach, and will she join me in meeting them to better understand the support that the further education sector needs to deliver this vital work?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member and talk about her plans.
What assurances can the Minister give me that energy-intensive industries in Stoke-on-Trent, such as ceramics, will benefit from the investment coming from this Government and will not get left behind in our transition to net zero?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
We were talking about this issue in the Tea Room only this morning, and I will meet the ceramics sector and him first thing in the new year to talk about some of the challenges it faces.
We are absolutely committed to supporting the sector.
Thirteen oil and gas fields have been licensed for new drilling of dangerous fossil fuels but are still awaiting final approval.
The Government paused those decisions while doing a consultation, but the consultation will not change the science: if we are to meet our climate targets, those fossil fuels must stay in the ground.
Will the Secretary of State do the right thing by the poorest in our country, who are always at the sharpest end of climate action, and ensure that those licences will not be granted?
This is a Government with a world-leading position when it comes to oil and gas, and we will do the right thing for the environment and climate change and the right thing to ensure that there is a just transition in the North sea.
On behalf of my constituents, I want to thank the Secretary of State, the Minister of State, the Parliamentary Private Secretaries and the whole team for the excellent work that has been carried out to deliver justice on the mineworkers’ pensions.
Can I urge them to act with alacrity in relation to the British Coal staff superannuation scheme, and may I invite the Minister to look at some of the energy pilots that are making use of mine water from abandoned mine workings?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has been a brilliant campaigner on this issue for a very long time.
My hon.
Friend the Minister of State will have heard what he said.
This is the difference: this is a Labour Government delivering justice for mineworkers across our country and their families, which is all part of delivering our mission for the country.