The Secretary of State says in her statement: “Research given to the ombudsman shows only around a quarter of people who are sent unsolicited letters actually remember receiving and reading them.”
I would like to know the terms of that research.
Did it, for example, say on the envelope, “Important financial information affecting your pension”?
If something like that were on an envelope, I think that there would be a very different response rate.
Given that she is having trouble accepting that people look at serious letters that really affect them, perhaps the Chancellor could use some of her ability to get these messages across, as was so successful in the case of advising pensioners that they would be losing the winter fuel allowance.
I am happy to write to the right hon.
Gentleman about this research and its findings, which are robust.
I reflect on the fact that three of the sample cases that the ombudsman looked into had received a letter, but I am more than happy to provide him with the details of that research.
In the framing of my question to the Secretary of State, I first wish to say that I am appalled by this announcement.
I have campaigned with WASPI women, as have many parliamentary colleagues, and this is an incredible let down for them.
In my opinion, WASPI women certainly do not need words of disappointment and hollow statements.
What they need is justice.
Does the Secretary of State not agree with that?
I believe that this is a difficult decision, but the right and fair one.
We accept that there has been maladministration.
Once the Department had reached  its decision, those letters should have been sent out.
For the reasons that I have explained, we do not accept the ombudsman’s approach to injustice, remedy or compensation.
We have to take difficult decisions in government, but this is about what I think is right and fair.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter in more detail if he so wishes.
It is a gross understatement for the Secretary of State to say that 1950s women will be disappointed, especially given that this new Government are setting a precedent by ignoring an independent resolution process.
I signpost constituents to the ombudsman on a regular basis; we all do.
It is one of the ways that we hold the Government and Government bodies to account, and it is a core part of our democracy.
Can the Secretary of State explain how we can have faith in that process if the Government choose to ignore the ombudsman’s findings?
Given the fact that, as a constituent MP, the Secretary of State herself supported the WASPI campaign, can she advise whether the £22 billion black hole has had any consequence on her decision making?
We did campaign against the acceleration of changes to the state pension age brought forward by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Government, but that is not what this decision is about.
The decision on the state pension age has already been taken.
I do value the ombudsman’s role; I refer many cases myself.
We accept his findings on maladministration, but we do not accept his view on injustice.
None the less, the ombudsman continues to have an important role to play for many constituency MPs, and I for one will continue to refer cases to the ombudsman, as I always have done.
The Government are right to have apologised to WASPI women today and my right hon.
Friend is also right to have acknowledged the significant disappointment that will be felt.
What is important is that this Labour Government are acting to boost pension pots across the country.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is important that, through the measures the Government are taking, we not only protect pension pots but actually enhance them, so that pensioners are better off?
The pension schemes Bill will do precisely that.
One of the really important things that we want to do is to consolidate smaller pension pots, so that they deliver better value and better results for those in retirement.
That is exactly what that Bill will do.
We want to see the very best for pensioners and also the very best for UK plc, which is why our pensions reforms are so important.
My hon.
Friend the Minister responsible for pensions will be delivering on that in the months and years ahead.
Anas Sarwar said that, under his leadership, WASPI women will finally receive the justice they deserve.
Is the justice they deserve being paid less than their male counterparts throughout their career?
Is the justice they deserve being sacked or forced to resign from their jobs when they had children?
Is the justice they deserve the removal  of the winter fuel payment?
Why are the Labour Government absolutely determined to take every opportunity to screw over 1950s-born women?
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record on helping the lowest-paid women pensioners and of the improvements that we delivered.
This is not about that issue; this is about the way that the state pension age was communicated.
If the hon.
Lady wants a different approach, the SNP Government in Scotland can provide that by using the £4.9 billion settlement—the biggest ever in the history of devolution—that we have provided.
This will be a sad moment for the 4,000 women in Stoke-on-Trent Central who I have campaigned alongside for justice and a fair transition.
I understand the Secretary of State’s need to balance the budget, given what was left by the previous Government, but is this a case of no compensation now because of the economic circumstances that we find ourselves in, or is it no compensation ever?
If we find ourselves in the future in a much better economic state, will she consider re-addressing this issue and seeing what compensation might be available for the women who were affected?
We do not agree with the ombudsman’s approach to injustice or compensation.
We do not believe that sending those letters earlier, even though we should have done, would have made the difference that the ombudsman claims.
We do not believe that, given that 90% of 1950s-born women knew that the state pension age was increasing, a flat-rate compensation scheme costing up to £10.5 billion is a fair or appropriate use of taxpayers’ money.
However, we will learn lessons from that maladministration to ensure that it never happens again.
Every single one of us in this House relies on the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman to ensure that our constituents get redress.
When the PHSO made a similar judgment against Equitable Life, the Government came forward with a compensation programme.
Will the Secretary of State commit to having a binding vote in this House on the decision, so that the House can decide whether what the Government are proposing is justice for WASPI women?
I certainly do not believe that it is.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman could have encouraged his party to do a compensation scheme when he was in government.
The reason the ombudsman actually referred the report to Parliament was because he did not believe the last Government when they were running the Department for Work and Pensions would deal with it properly.
This Government take our responsibility seriously, and that is why we have come to Parliament today to make this difficult decision.
A Conservative Member said to me this morning that being the Secretary of State for the DWP is probably the hardest job in Government, and I think today we can really see that.
I pay tribute to the WASPI women in my constituency, and in particular Gina, who emails me regularly about  this issue.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State give WASPI women such as Gina that we will do everything we can to support them and to ensure that issues like this do not happen again?
As I said in my statement, I understand that many women born in the 1950s face a real struggle and, on this specific decision, they may well be disappointed, but our commitment to pensioners and to the pensions triple lock will deliver an extra £30 billion into the basic state pension over this Parliament.
Our investment in the NHS, about which many 1950s-born women are desperately worried, of £22 billion this year and next, shows our commitment to the issues that matter to those women.
As I say, they may be disappointed and, indeed, angry about the decision, but we believe that it is the fair and right decision.
However, I would be more than happy to talk to my hon.
Friend in further detail so that he can pass on comments from WASPI women in his constituency.
I speak on behalf of Helen from my home town of Bampton and the 5,500 WASPI women in my constituency.
They are not disappointed; they are devastated, as am I because—mistakenly, as it turned out—I believed that this Labour Government, who were supported by millions of women across this country who rightly turned their backs on the Conservatives, had some probity and decency.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it turns out that they have neither?
No.
Many former Ministers and current shadow Ministers have made clear that they do not support a compensation scheme, so is this not just another example of this Labour Government having to take the difficult but necessary decisions that those Members ran away from?
It is true this was a long-running issue, spanning multiple Parliaments, that was delivered to the last Government, and we have dealt with it.
We have dealt with it seriously, but also as quickly as we can.
We take our responsibilities seriously.
It is a difficult decision, but I believe it is the right and fair one.
How long will we have this Government giving the excuse that they cannot do things because the last lot did not do them?
Will the Secretary of State remember that she is now in government?
When she was in opposition, she and other members of her party campaigned for WASPI women.
The facts have not changed: administratively, mistakes were made and, financially, there is still an impact; and now the ombudsman has found in favour.
She cannot hide behind saying that “We have no money”.
We just had the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero in questions boasting that he is bunging billions of pounds to power companies, yet we cannot honour the commitments made to people who were wrongly treated in the pensions system.
I hate to disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman, but I did not say it was only about there being no money.
I said it was because we do not agree  that if we had sent those letters earlier, it would have made the difference that he says, and because, when 90% of women aged 45 to 54 knew the state pension age was increasing, we do not believe a flat rate is pertinent.
I say this to him: we do take the public finances seriously.
We have to make difficult decisions, and we cannot spend more than we have.
We will continue with that approach, but based on our values.
We do not believe that what has been set out is the right or fair way forward.
I have come to the House honestly to make that decision plain, but I would be happy to talk to him in more detail if he would like.