First, and for the record, the Liberal Democrats played a significant part in government in introducing the triple lock for our pensioners—it is important that people acknowledge that.
The Government’s decision is nothing short of a betrayal of WASPI women.
I know that, as in my constituency of Torbay, across the United Kingdom there will be millions of women who are shocked and horrified at that decision.
That the Government have inherited an awful state for our economy is no excuse.
That the women are being hit by the mistakes of the Tories and that the Labour Government are now using that as a shield is utterly wrong-headed.
Will the Secretary of State reflect on the decision?
The matter went to the ombudsman for its considered review, and the Liberal Democrats have long supported the ombudsman’s findings.
I am shocked that the Government are taking a pick-and-mix approach to those findings, and we therefore ask the Secretary of State to seriously reconsider the decision.
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman, who I know was not in the House at the time, that the decision to accelerate the increase in the state pension age in 2011 was taken by the Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition Government.
It was that which angered and annoyed many women and led to the WASPI campaign.
We accept that there was a 28-month delay in sending out letters and we apologise for that, but we do not agree with the ombudsman’s approach to injustice or remedy.
We do not believe that the letters would have had an impact on most, as the ombudsman said, and when 90% of women knew that the state pension age was increasing, we cannot accept that that flat rate of payment of up to £10.5 billion would be a fair or appropriate use of taxpayers’ money.
I know that will disappoint some women born in the 1950s, but we believe it is the right and fair decision.
I share the Secretary of State’s concern about the black hole that was left.
This will have been a difficult decision for her to make and bring to the House today.
However, I think about the many people across all our constituencies who have contacted us about the matter, including my constituent Valerie, who wrote to me and said: “We simply cannot afford to wait any longer for justice given that more than 20,000 WASPI women have tragically died since the ombudsman’s findings were published more than 6 months ago.”
I know that Valerie and many others in my constituency will be very disappointed.
The Secretary of State says that she accepts the maladministration.
Does that not then mean accountability?
We do indeed take responsibility for the maladministration between 2004 and 2007 and a 28-month delay in sending the letters out.
I want to reiterate to my hon.
Friend and to the House that this is not a decision about the increase in the state pension age, which so many women were aggrieved about; it is about how that was communicated.
We accept that those letters should have gone out earlier, but even if we had sent those, it would not have made a difference for most.
When 90% of those 1950s-born women knew that the state pension age was increasing, we do not think that the proposed compensation scheme is fair or proportionate.
That is why we have taken this extremely difficult decision.
The Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report says what many WASPI women across my constituency have been saying for years, which is that between 2005 and 2007 the DWP and the last Labour Government let them down.
I am therefore grateful to the Secretary of State for her apology, but that will come as cold comfort to those who are in this situation in the face of no financial compensation.
If I am right in what I hear, she says mitigation is too complicated and that it is someone else’s fault.
That will be no comfort to those impacted.
What conversations does the Secretary of State plan to have with the WASPI women to see what more support can be put in place for those most impacted?
I met the WASPI campaign in opposition when I was appointed shadow Work and Pensions Minister.
The Minister for Pensions was the first of her kind to meet the WASPI campaign for eight years, and she is happy to meet them again.
I say to the hon.
Lady, who feels very deeply about the issue, that we will learn all the lessons from what went wrong with the delay in sending the letters out, but we do not agree that even if we had done that, they would have made the difference that the ombudsman claims.
This is not about the matter being too complicated; we do not believe that, when 90% of women aged 45 to 54 knew the state pension age was increasing, a flat-rate compensation scheme costing up to £10.5 billion would be a fair or proportionate use of taxpayers’ money.
The all-party parliamentary group on state pension inequality has found that huge numbers of women have suffered significant financial hardship; many have even lost their homes.
The Secretary of State must realise that her apology is welcome, but that it is not enough for them.
Frankly, it is unprecedented for a Government to agree with the findings of an ombudsman on the one hand, but, on the other, to refuse to initiate redress when clear injustice has occurred.
What will the Secretary of State say to reassure those women who have lost everything?
I understand the concerns that my hon.
Friend raises, but I reiterate the findings from the ombudsman’s report that there was no direct financial loss.
We agree that those letters should have been sent out earlier.
We will learn all the lessons needed to put that right.
I am more than happy to discuss precisely how we will do that with the all-party parliamentary group, so that that kind of maladministration of sending out letters never happens again.
Last month, the word “WASPI” made it into the Collins English Dictionary, which is a credit to the campaigners behind it.
Does the Secretary of State agree that she has gone through the ombudsman’s report with, to use her own words, a fine-toothed comb, in order to get the answer that she always wanted to find in the first place?
No, I do not agree with that.
It was only when we got into government that we were able to see all the information and advice provided by the Department.
I did not go into it in the way that the hon.
Gentleman suggests; that is not correct.
This report is not about the policy decision and women against state pension age  increases.
That decision was taken in 1995, agreed to by subsequent Parliaments and deemed lawful by the courts in 2020.
The ombudsman’s report is not about the state pension age increases; it is about how they were communicated.
I take responsibility for that and will make sure that we do everything possible to put it right.
This is undoubtedly a tough choice.
It is welcome that the Government will seek to learn the lessons and develop a new strategy for clear and timely comms.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the House not only that the strategy will be comprehensive, but that those with accessibility requirements are properly informed of any changes?
My hon.
Friend raises an extremely important point, which is that a one-size-fits-all approach will not work—even if it ever did.
We need to provide tailored information in an accessible way—in an easily understood and available format.
We will work extremely closely with all the necessary groups to develop that information, and, crucially, give sufficient notice.
The ombudsman’s report deals with the decisions made between 2004 and 2007, but what greatly concerned many women and led to the original WASPI campaign was the decision in 2011 to accelerate and bring forward increases in the state pension age.
Therefore, that other commitment to give sufficient and timely notice so that people can properly plan for their retirement is extremely important.