The Secretary of State will be well aware of the critical role that the carbon capture schemeat St Fergus will play in the economic growth and potential of north-east Scotland, so can he simply give us a timetable for when he will approve that scheme?
We will look at the scheme in the spending review.
I believe that it is important not just to Scotland but to the whole UK, but I want to level with the hon.
Gentleman and, indeed, the House: it requires significant financial resources.
We found the resources for track 1 of carbon capture, usage and storage and we want to find the resources for track 2, but that, as I have said, will be part of the spending review.
In the Government’s policy paper “Clean Power 2030 Action Plan”, floating offshore wind was labelled a key emerging technology, and developments were promised for future rounds of contracts for difference.
Will the Minister please consider going further, and geographically ringfencing contracts for difference funding, to ensure that the massive potential of projects such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea is unlocked?
My hon.
Friend is right to suggest that offshore wind, especially floating offshore wind, will play a critical role in our pathway to clean power.
We will consider any option to ensure that we get many “test and demonstrate” projects through to delivery, and we will say more in coming weeks about what the next round of contracts for difference will look like.
More than 24,000 homes in my constituency have an energy performance certificate banding of D or worse, which means 50,000 tonnes of avoidable carbon dioxide emissions and higher energy bills for my constituents.
However, the rate of insulation upgrades is too slow for us to meet the Government’s goal of universal band C ratings by 2035.
Will the Minister commit herself with more urgency to an emergency home insulation programme with targeted support for those on low incomes?
We recognise that not enough was done to upgrade homes over the last 15 years, which is why we are absolutely running at this.
We will upgrade up to 300,000 homes this year, and we are putting in place our plan to drive up standards in the private rented sector, and to ensure that as many households as possible benefit from homes that are warmer and much, much cheaper to run.
In my constituency, there has been strong growth in the purchase of electric vehicles, but we have only half as many public charging points per person as the national average.
How can we secure more charging points in public spaces in rural communities?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about rolling out charging infrastructure to all parts of the country, and we are working on that with colleagues in the Department for Transport.
Local distribution networks in rural areas are incredibly important, and introducing greater access to the grid—including through Ofgem’s approval of £22 billion to improve distribution networks—will enable us to roll out EV infrastructure in rural areas throughout the country.
This weekend, 50 households in Cleat Hill were able to return home, nine weeks after the gas explosion there.
That was thanks to the efforts of the local council and the local emergency services but not, I am afraid, to the actions of the Government.
There has been a deafening silence on whether they will help the council with funding, and whether they will fund a scaling and scoping of the gas reservoir.
I am extremely grateful to the Minister for meeting me, but will she chivvy her other Ministers along, so that we can get a reply?