My hon.
Friend asks a really important question.
The whole clean power plan is about benefiting all four nations of the United Kingdom, including Wales, and we work closely with the Welsh Government on these issues.
Before this Labour Government came to office, they were actually trailblazers on how we could have publicly owned generation, and that is one of the things that we and GB Energy are working with them on.
Meur ras, ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
We have seen the terrible consequences for households of fossil fuel energy insecurity, and we cannot allow this to happen with the transition to renewables.
However, to achieve our net zero goals, we will have to see a massive increase in demand for critical minerals such as tin and lithium, much of the supply and processing of which will be dominated by economically bad actors.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the Government will be mitigating this clear and present danger?
I very much enjoyed my trip to my hon.
Friend’s constituency before the general election.
He is an incredibly powerful advocate for the way his area can source some of the critical minerals we need, including lithium, and he is right about this.
The concentration of supply chains, including critical minerals, has taken a generation to arrive, but we must unwind it, and it is one of the many things we are working on as a Government.
Small modular reactors are less land intensive, are very efficient and would get us to clean energy very quickly if the Government were to get on and actually support some orders.
As land is in scarce supply, when will the Government get on board with nuclear, instead of shackling themselves to the inefficient, land-destroying, countryside beauty-destroying and inefficient solar.
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that we support the SMR programme, and we are driving it forward through Great British Nuclear.
I am afraid he is making a terrible mistake, which is that we need all of these clean technologies at our disposal—we need nuclear, we need renewables, we need carbon capture and storage—and the difference is that this Government are getting on with it.
We have delivered more in five months than the last Government did in 14 years.
Despite lifting the onshore wind ban in England, the clean power action plan shows that, by 2030, 8,600 MW of onshore wind will be needed in England and Wales, 5,000 MW of which will be mainly in Wales, with bits in England.
Can the Secretary of State outline exactly how Wales will be benefiting from this huge ramp up in onshore wind, rather than the benefits being extracted out of Wales?
I have to say to the hon.
Lady that I do not see it that way.
The reality is that the country is totally vulnerable to the rollercoaster of the fossil fuel markets.
We do not need to look into a crystal ball; we just need to look at the record: we saw the worst cost of living crisis in generations.
So long as we are exposed in this way, people in Wales and across the country are vulnerable.
That is why clean power is so important, and the Opposition should get on and support it.