My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Great British Energy—headquartered in Aberdeen—is already up and running.
Our plans for Great British Energy will be rolled out in the new year.
Those plans include working with local communities for solar on schools and hospitals, so that we can start cutting bills for public services and local communities.
My constituents were promised £300 off their energy bills by the Labour Government.
Instead, they are having to fork out additional money for Great British Energy and to pursue net zero, while the Government take the winter fuel payment away from millions of pensioners.
How can the Secretary of State justify increasing spending on net zero projects while his Government let pensioners go cold this winter?
The truth is that there is only one way to get bills down sustainably in this country, which is to drive towards clean energy.
The Conservatives used to believe that, too; then, in September 2023, the former Prime Minister took them on an anti-net zero crusade, and it is only getting worse.
More than half the homes in my constituency have an energy performance rating of D or worse, and a quarter are off-grid, relying on more expensive fuels, so I welcome this Government’s commitment to a warm homes plan.
However, with a lot of rural homes poorly insulated and not suited to heat pumps, will the Secretary of State work with me on a tailored plan for colder, stone-built rural homes?
We are rolling out our warm homes plan, which we want every household to benefit from, and we will ensure that we have the right solution for the right homes.
I will work with my hon.
Friend and with Members from across the House on solutions that every household can benefit from, to ensure that we have warmer homes that are cheaper to run.
The spill of fuel oil in the Black sea from Russian tankers is yet another tragic reminder of the work that Russia is doing to subvert our sanctions.
What is the Secretary of State’s assessment of the amount of petrochemical products and their derivatives entering our economy from Russia today?
I will not answer the hon.
Gentleman directly, but I will say that I am working with my colleagues across Government on this crucial issue.
We will do everything we can to drive down Russia’s benefits from its oil and gas industry, because that is a crucial part of the war effort to help Ukraine.
Sky-rocketing energy bills under the previous Conservative Government contributed to the cost of living crisis, and were one of the reasons that voters in my constituency chose change with Labour at the general election.
Will the Secretary of State further outline what changes this Labour Government will make to deliver better value to my constituents?
My hon.
Friend is right about this.
We must not have short memories here, because the truth is that the cost of living crisis that we saw after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine not only hit families and businesses across Britain, but continues to hit them today.
That is why the drive for clean power is so important.
Every solar panel we put up, every wind turbine we erect, and every piece of grid we build makes us more secure as a country.