In the clean power 2030 document published last week, the Government state that they are “progressing the post-2030 generation interventions, with final decisions on Sizewell C and the Great British Nuclear-led Small Modular Reactor programme”, but no date is specified for the final investment decision on Sizewell, no date is specified for completion of the down-selection SMR process, there is no indication of a route to market for advanced modular or other technologies, and there is no mention of Wylfa at all.
So is it any wonder that the nuclear industry holds a suspicion that this Government are not serious about nuclear, that the damascene conversion to nuclear power professed by the Secretary of State is a false one and that, for the Government, it is renewables at any cost and the exclusion of everything else?
I find the hon.
Gentleman quite extraordinary, and not in a good way.
The last Government left not only a generalised absolute mess in the public finances, but lots of the programmes that he is talking about were not even funded.
The difference with this Government and my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor is that she put the money for Sizewell in the Budget.
That is something the Conservatives simply do not understand.
[Interruption.]
You get the point.
It was us in government who bought the Wylfa and Oldbury sites from Hitachi last year, giving much-needed certainty to the workforce and local communities on both sites.
It was on  22
May
that we announced that Wylfa was our preferred location for a third gigawatt-scale reactor, again giving a boost to that community and the wider industry.
I have three questions.
Is it still the Government’s intention to reach 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050?
Does the Secretary of State acknowledge that that is impossible without another gigawatt-scale reactor?
If a third gigawatt-scale reaction is planned, will it be built at Wylfa and, if not, what is the future for the Wylfa site?
The hon.
Gentleman’s story about Wylfa says it all.
He says his Government had this great plan for Wylfa, but they had no money behind it.
We bought the site.
Yes, but the hon.
Gentleman does not say how the power station will be funded.
The truth is that this is elementary economics.
If things are announced, they need to be able to be funded, and the Conservatives need to learn that lesson.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on potential opportunities for industry under the national wealth fund.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on potential opportunities for industry under the national wealth fund.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on potential opportunities for industry under the national wealth fund.
The national wealth fund is delivering a key manifesto commitment to set up a Government-backed investor—in some ways like the sovereign wealth funds we see in other countries—that will support the UK’s industrial strategy and economic growth.
It will play a central role in our clean power mission by creating jobs in rapidly growing green industries.
My role sits across the Department for Business and Trade, where I work on industrial strategy, and this Department, where I work on industrial decarbonisation, so I have a unique vantage point to see the benefits of the national wealth fund and all the opportunities it will bring.
As the Minister knows, I am concerned about kick-starting floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
The infrastructure and supply chain need building out quickly, but in a co-ordinated way, and the previous Government’s floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme was not enough to do that.
Will the Minister please confirm that she is working with the wealth fund on a strategy and then speedy investment in ports such as Falmouth and the local supply chain, so that they are ready to take on the challenge of floating offshore wind?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for her area, and we have talked about the opportunities of Falmouth and the surrounding areas previously, and I am sure we will do so again.
For too long, our coastal areas have lacked the jobs and opportunities they deserve, and we are determined to change that.
Through the national wealth fund we will invest in our ports, and Great British Energy will look to crowd in private sector funding to emerging technologies such as floating offshore wind.
We are developing our strategies and working as fast as we can.