I am sorry that the hon.
Lady still fails to take responsibility for the state of the public finances.
We have taken full responsibility for that and have taken  difficult decisions on the public finances.
We have also taken this very difficult decision in response to the ombudsman’s report and have provided that to the House as quickly as we have been able, given the huge amount of information we have had to go through.
The hon.
Lady asks about next steps.
We have three clear things that we intend to do.
We will produce a detailed action plan.
We want to work with the ombudsman on that so that we can ensure that the delay, the maladministration and the 28-month delay in sending out notifications never happens again, and I am perfectly happy to consider working with the women to make sure we get that right.
It is extremely important that, wherever possible, we provide personalised, tailored information.
Pensions are a hugely complicated area, and we want people to be empowered with that information and knowledge.
We have to do it in all sorts of different formats, because it is individual to the person, and we need to get that right in future.
The hon.
Lady also mentioned pension credit and the winter fuel payment.
I will say to her, as I did yesterday, that we have seen a 145% increase in the number of claims for pension credit since we launched our campaign.
More than 42,000 more people are claiming pension credit now.
We want to deal with yet another thing the Conservative Government left us with, which was 880,000 pensioners not getting the pension credit or the winter fuel payment they are entitled to.
These are difficult decisions.
We are a responsible Government and we face up to our responsibilities.
I look forward to Members on the Conservative Benches finally doing the same.
This is clearly not a decision that the Secretary of State has taken lightly, and an apology on behalf of the Department for Work and Pensions is long overdue, but let us make no mistake: the responsibility for this lies squarely with the Conservative party, which oversaw the maladministration and kicked the can down the road yet again, for us to clear up the mess.
That must be put right.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure my constituents that a serious case like this will not occur again, and that this Government will continue to do everything we can to support pensioners going forward?
I can assure my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Clwyd North that we want to learn all the lessons from the maladministration that we accept took place.
We have to get people timely, effective and personal communication, and not just about their state pension age but about all aspects of pensions, so that they can properly plan for their retirement.
The Pensions Minister and I will go through that with a fine-toothed comb to do everything possible to make sure it does not happen again.