I hope the hon.
Member for Christchurch understands my position and recognises the strength of cross-party and sector-wide support that has brought the Bill this far.
I regret not inviting him to take part in the Bill Committee—we would have benefited from some of these comments at that stage—but some of the points that have been raised were discussed in Committee.
It was a reasonably long discussion; it did not last for hours, but it was not as short as some.
I remain committed to working constructively with colleagues as the Bill progresses beyond today—let us hope it gets beyond today—but I respectfully ask, in the strongest possible terms, that these amendments are not pressed.
If they are, I hope Members will oppose them.
To your delight, I am sure, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to the delight of the whole House—especially that of the Government Whips—I am not going to speak for very long on Report, although I am not promising not to speak for some time on Third Reading.
I wish to briefly speak to amendments 5 and 8 tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) .
Before that, though, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  on the Bill.
I am generally supportive of it and think it is entirely necessary.
Turning to the amendments, my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch is right.
It does concern me that the words “the opinion of the Secretary of State” are included proposed new subsection (2) of section 1E of the National Health Service Act 2006.
As my hon.
Friend has pointed out, proposed new subsection (4) of section 1E and proposed new subsection (5A) of section 261 of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 set out the definition of a rare cancer, and if the Bill passes, that definition will become law.
I therefore think there is a contradiction within this piece of legislation: it contains an absolute definition of a rare cancer, but adds some ambiguity by referring to the “opinion” of the Secretary of State.
I ask the Minister to explain how both those things can be true.
If the Secretary of State decides that there is some other definition of a rare cancer, how can that possibly be in line with the definition that is written into the law?
As the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West has said, the definition that has been included in the Bill—that a rare cancer is “a cancer that affects not more than 1 in 2000 people in the United Kingdom”— aligns it with the UK rare diseases framework, which was published by Lord Bethell in the other place in 2021.
It seems to me that that is an effective and suitable definition, so again, I ask the Minister whether he expects there to be some other definition.
If he does not expect that, why is it necessary to include the words “the opinion of the Secretary of State”?
The Bill is not even consistent.
Proposed new subsection (2) of section 1E of the National Health Service Act 2006 refers to the opinion of the Secretary of State, but proposed new subsection (5A) of section 261 of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 talks about “the opinion of NHS England”.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch has pointed out, NHS England is fortunately going to be abolished very soon.
When that happens, will we have to pass either primary legislation or secondary legislation to delete those words from the Bill?
Would it not be better if we deleted the words “the opinion of NHS England” now?
Why will the Minister not consider removing them?
If there is some reason why he thinks the Secretary of State might have to change the definition, why are those two clauses of the Bill not consistent?
I hope hon.
Members will see that what the hon.
Member for Christchurch and I are trying to achieve—certainly through amendments 5 and 8—is to establish a clear definition of a rare cancer.
We are aiming to ensure that there is no ambiguity in that definition, and if there is to be ambiguity, we want to at least ensure that the body or authority that is going to make any changes is consistent in the legislation.