The Bill addresses a clear and pressing issue: the growing problem of unauthorised access to football matches, particularly at high-profile fixtures.
It does so by creating a new football-specific offence of unauthorised entry to designated matches.
It captures a wide range of behaviours, from tailgating and forced entry to the use of forged documents or the impersonation of match-day staff.
Crucially, it will also enable courts to impose football banning orders on conviction, providing a strong deterrent and a vital tool to prevent repeat offending and protect public safety.
The Bill responds directly to the recommendations of Baroness Casey’s independent review into the serious disorder at the Euro 2020 final, where thousands of ticketless individuals gained access to Wembley stadium, many through mass forced entry or tailgating.
Let me be clear: this is a recurring problem.
We saw further evidence of it at the 2024 UEFA champions league final, which was again at Wembley, where groups of ticketless fans made repeated attempts to breach security.
Similar behaviour is seen at premier league matches, particularly if away allocations are limited.
It  is a wider pattern of behaviour that needs to be addressed.
Such behaviour is not only selfish and dishonest, but fundamentally dangerous.
It places enormous strain on stadium security, creates serious risks to public safety and undermines the experience of law-abiding fans.
The Government are clear that it cannot and will not be allowed to continue.
That is why we support the Bill.
Forced entry, tailgating and so-called jibbing are not victimless acts.
Those involved are often aggressive, violent or threatening, and their actions can lead to overcrowding, blocked emergency exits and frightening conditions for innocent fans.
In some cases, individuals have even attempted to bribe stewards or turnstile operators to gain access.
That will be captured by the new offence.
The offence will also apply to those who knowingly attempt to use a ticket, whether physical or digital, that has already been used.
Let me be clear: this is not about criminalising honest mistakes or punishing fans who have been misled.
The Bill includes important safeguards to ensure that individuals with lawful authority, such as emergency workers or stadium staff, are not caught by the offence, and it will not apply to those who unwittingly purchase counterfeit tickets in good faith or breach the terms and conditions of a legitimate ticket.
That was a point referred to by the Father of the House,  the right hon.
Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) , and by the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Weald of Kent (Katie Lam) —I agree with the points she made about enforcement.
This is a proportionate, targeted and necessary measure.
It reflects the unique public order challenges associated with football, which are not seen to the same extent in other sports or events.
It is also consistent with the broader framework of the Football (Offences) Act 1991 and the Football Spectators Act 1989.
The Bill has enjoyed cross-party support throughout its passage, and rightly so.
It is a fan-friendly measure that protects the vast majority of decent supporters from the actions of a disruptive minority, and it will help to ensure that football remains a safe and welcoming environment for all.
I once again thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Amber Valley for her excellent work on this Bill, and I commend it to the House.
With the leave of the House, I associate myself with the tribute to the Ibrox victims given so movingly by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch (Katrina Murray) .
There are many people I would like to thank for helping to get the Bill to this stage, but first I will speak about footballer, vice-captain and much-loved daughter and sister Maddy Cusack, who lived in my constituency in Horsley and passed away tragically in September 2023.
I dedicate this Bill to her, with the knowledge that she would approve of its contents, given her love for the game and for the safety of the fans who came to watch her light up the pitch week in, week out.
The Maddy Cusack Foundation has been set up in her honour, with the aim of continuing her legacy.
The foundation has done wonderful work, providing opportunities and inspiring young girls and women in football, including sponsoring local teams to ensure that the next generation of footballers is equipped to face the world in the fierce, determined and spirited manner that Maddy faced it.
I encourage Members, in their own time, to look into the wonderful work that the foundation is doing.