Football is a game of two halves.
At the risk of creating an overstretched analogy, I believe it is fitting that the second half of this Bill and its journey should be played out under Lord Brennan’s capable guidance and captaincy in the other place, should it pass today.
If the Bill passes, I will happily pass the armband to him.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Consideration of Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee I beg to move amendment 1, page 1, line 5, leave out “and”.
With this it will be convenient to discuss the following: Amendment 2, page 1, line 6, at end insert “and (c) set out a timetable for implementing any changes in the law recommended by the review.”
Amendment 3, page 1, line 7, leave out “in particular”.
Amendment 4, page 1, line 9, leave out “three” and insert “two”.
Amendment 5, page 2, line 3, leave out “in the opinion of the Secretary of State”.
Amendment 6, in clause 2, page 2, line 7, leave out from “are” to end of line 8 and insert “arrangements in place to”.
Amendment 7, page 2, line 12, after “appointed” insert “within the period of 6 months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed”.
Amendment 8, in clause 3, page 2, line 33, leave out “in the opinion of NHS England”.
Amendment 9, page 2, line 40, leave out subsection (4).
This is certainly not a trivial Bill; it is a really important piece of legislation, which I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  on introducing and pioneering.
It was not a Government handout; it was an idea that he thought needed to be the subject of legislation and he has pursued it.
We had a fantastic Second Reading debate.
There is tremendous interest in the Bill.
May I therefore make it clear at the outset that my amendments are designed to try to strengthen the Bill rather than anything else?
I explained my position to the hon.
Gentleman yesterday.
He said, understandably, that to a large extent he was constrained, because he was trying to negotiate with the Government and with the Department of Health and Social Care, and unless he showed himself to be reasonably compliant, he would not have got the Bill to a state where it could be accepted by the Government.
I note the different positions on this, and I fully understand and respect the hon.
Gentleman’s position.
The hon.
Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  basically said that if she had introduced such a Bill, she would have got so steamed up about it that she would have included a lot more strength and safeguards, and as a consequence it probably would not have got anywhere near being considered on Report.
Those are two different approaches.
I am, relatively speaking, neutral on the matter—I am a sympathetic supporter of the Bill—but I have a lot of background  experience of how Governments always try to give themselves wriggle room, in effect to maintain control over everything, and in my view the Bill could be improved by being amended, with the will of the House, on Report.
We could talk about taking some of my amendments to the other place, but the trouble is that the Government machine may say that there will not be any more sitting Fridays in this House, so if the Bill were to be amended in the other place it might fall completely, because it would need to be brought back here.
That is why it is important that the House should consider these amendments now rather than leave them to the other place.
Amendment 1, which is to be read with amendment 2, is a prime example of the point I made earlier.
We have a commitment from the Government that: “The Secretary of State must…carry out a review of the law relating to marketing authorisations for orphan medicinal products that are for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of cancer”— great— “and…prepare and publish a report setting out the conclusions of the review.”
But what is the timescale for that, and what will happen after those conclusions are produced?
There is no obligation on the Government to do anything else.
The review and its conclusions could be just left on one side.
We in the House are in a position to tighten those provisions up and say, “This is not good enough.
There should be a timetable for implementing the changes in the law recommended by the review.”
That is the essence of the two amendments.
To look at another gap that could be exploited by the Government, the Bill says that the report must be “published before the end of the period of three years beginning with the day on which the Act is passed”.
I have tabled amendment 4 to say that the period should be two years.
In respect of both those points, I have had a helpful email from Diana Jupp from Pancreatic Cancer UK, who writes on behalf of more than 30 charities representing patients affected by rare and less common cancers.
She comments on my amendments.
On amendment 2, she says, “We are keen to push for this change with the Department once we reach implementation stage of the Bill.”
With the greatest of respect to Diana Jupp, we can do this now.
Instead of leaving it to her and her colleagues to try to pressurise the Department later, we in this House have the power to change the legislation in the way that I have suggested, so that there would be a timetable set out for implementing the changes in the law recommended by the review.
In response to amendment 4, Diana Jupp says that “this timeline has been agreed with the Department and in our opinion would tie into the timelines of other developing cancer policy implementation, including the cancer plan.”
Obviously, the most important part of her comment is that the timeline has been agreed with the Department, because if it had not been, the Department and the Minister would not have taken the Bill forward in this way and agreed to it.
On the timeline, I draw the House’s attention to the evidence base set out in the impact assessment.
It says that the whole process will take one year.
The Department  reckons that it will cost £130,000 and sets out how many full-time equivalent civil servants will be involved in it.
If it will only take one year, why are we saying that it needs to have three years?
That is an example of why we need to tighten up the Bill, because if this is a review that needs to and will be carried out, why do we not get on with it?
To suggest that it will take longer than a year is to go against the Department’s own evidence set out in the impact assessment.
The impact assessment says on page 6, under the heading “Mandating a Government review of the orphan drug regulations”: “This will place a duty on the Government to publish a review which will be a comparison of orphan drug Regulations (specifically Part 5 of the Human Medicines Regulations 2012) and international regulatory approaches to supporting the research and development of orphan medicinal products that are for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of cancers.
Since the review is concerned with orphan drug regulations it is by default covering rare cancers.
The findings should be published within 3 years.”
On page 7, paragraph 19 on financial costs says, “It is difficult to estimate the resourcing costs required for the orphan drug review, since the exact scope remains to be agreed.
However, we estimate the cost to the Department of Health and Social Care to produce and publish a report on orphan drug Regulations to incur costs of approximately £0.14m in relation to staff resource.
This reflects the cost of 0.3 x SCS staff, 1 x FTE Grade 6 or Grade 7 staff, 0.3 x Grade 7 staff and 0.5 x SEO staff for one year.”
That is what the Government say: only one year will be necessary.
In that case, why is my generous amendment, which would restrict the period from three years to two years, unacceptable to the Government?
There is a history of dragging of feet at the Department of Health and Social Care, I am afraid; we certainly heard about that on Second Reading.
I give the House that specific example of why, on the Government’s own evidence, they should accept the change from three years to two.
Amendment 3 would leave out “in particular” from line 7, which reads: “In carrying out the review the Secretary of State must, in particular, consider regulatory approaches in other countries.”
The amendment is intended to probe rather than anything else.
Why do the words “in particular” need to be incorporated?
Surely it would be simpler to say that the Secretary of State “must consider regulatory approaches in other countries”—full stop, period.
But that is not how it is at the moment.
Amendment 5 would leave out the reference to the Secretary of State.
This is to do with the definition of a rare cancer.
Currently, clause 2 would add this wording to the National Health Service Act 2006: “The research that the Secretary must facilitate or otherwise promote under subsection (1)(a) includes research into cancers that in the opinion of the Secretary of State are rare cancers.”
Why cannot it not just say “that are rare cancers”?
Indeed, clause 2 would also add this wording to the 2006 Act: “In this section ‘rare cancer’ means a cancer that affects not more than 1 in 2000 people in the United Kingdom.”
That is an issue of fact.
The Secretary of State should not be able to basically have a veto over the interpretation of what is or is not a rare cancer.
This is just another example of the control freakery within the Department.
I am sorry that so far the Minister does not seem to have stood up to officials who have persuaded him, no doubt, that we need the expression “in the opinion of the Secretary of State”.
Again, the argument is quite straightforward and the people from Pancreatic Cancer UK are on my side, but they are obviously very keen for the Bill to get on to the statute book.
We all have to recognise that it is within the Government’s power to prevent it from making any further progress.
That is why it will be quite difficult, I suppose, to persuade the Minister to accept amendment 5.
Amendment 6 would leave out from “are” to the end of the line and insert “arrangements in place to” in this statement in clause 2: “In discharging the duty under subsection (1)(a) in relation to those cancers, the Secretary of State must, in particular, ensure that there are such arrangements in place as the Secretary of State considers appropriate to”.
Why can we not just say “arrangements in place to enable potential participants in clinical trials”, and so on?
Why do we need to give the Secretary of State discretion —a veto, essentially—over whether he considers those arrangements to be appropriate?
It seems to me completely redundant, unnecessary and, indeed, oppressive.
It is counter to the expressed wishes of this House on Second Reading, when there was impatience over the delay, because of the need to get on with this, and suspicion over the failure of the Department of Health and Social Care—under not just this Government but previous Governments, which I would be the first to accept—to actually deal with the crisis involving people who are subject to rare cancers.
That is amendment 6.
I am trying to beetle through these amendments quite quickly, Madam Deputy Speaker, so that other people can participate in this important debate.
Amendment 7 attempts to tie down when clinical trials will be able to be implemented.
It relates to the research, and the requirement on the Secretary of State to ensure the appointment of a person to be known as the national speciality lead for rare cancers, but there is no timescale for that to be done, so I am proposing six months.
There is a wider issue, though.
There is no reason why the appointment could not be made now.
There is no reason why it could not have been made when the Bill was first introduced.
It is quite clear from the impact assessment that the speciality lead will be appointed by a quango, essentially, which already has specialty leads for a whole lot of other issues.
Why can we not just appoint this person now?
It is said that the cost of the appointment will be a mere £16,000.
I do not understand why it is necessary to include in the Bill a specific requirement that the appointment be made when we know that the National Institute for Health and Care Research has national speciality leads for research delivery within the research delivery network.
Their role is “primarily to support research delivery in their discipline within health and care settings, with knowledge and experience of the full scope of the NIHR and the wider health and care delivery infrastructure in England.”
The leads work with patients, the public, health and care professionals including research and development communities within the NHS and wider care systems, academics and life sciences partners.
They “aim to ensure strategic oversight and a focus on continuous improvement of the research delivery portfolio.”
Such specialty leads therefore already exist.
They do not exist courtesy of specific legislation requiring that they exist; they already exist under the NIHR.
Why has the NIHR not appointed such a specialty lead to deal with rare cancers?
Why is it necessary for us to legislate to require that, but in weak legislation that does not set out any timetable for the making of that appointment?
That, in my view, is another reason for tightening up the Bill.
The impact assessment, under the policy objectives, states: “This aims to ensure there is adequate oversight of research delivery for rare cancers, by appointing a named person in England to provide leadership and advice for the delivery of rare cancer research.
It is envisaged this individual would be employed by the NIHR.”
It is accepted that that person would be employed by the NIHR, so why do we have to wait for that person to be employed?
And it is said that the cost will be only some £16,000 a year.
With my amendments, I am trying to emphasise the need for proportionality.
Amendment 8 would leave out “in the opinion of NHS England” from clause 3.
As we know, NHS England is not short of opinions, but that is by the bye.
Clause 3(3) states: “After subsection (5) insert— (5A)
In subsection (5)(da) ‘relevant clinical trials’ means clinical trials in connection with the research and development of orphan medicinal products for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of cancers that in the opinion of NHS England are rare cancers”.
Now, I have already referred to this.
The Bill defines rare cancers as “a cancer that affects not more than 1 in 2,000 people in the United Kingdom.”
So, what is it to do with NHS England?
The definition of a rare cancer is already in the Bill.
Surely, it is a matter of fact?
It should not be the subject of qualification or second-guessing by NHS England, so why is it in the Bill?
In my submission, it gives the Department more wriggle room.
Perhaps it means that a whole lot of people in NHS England will have to work out whether a particular cancer complies with the definition of a rare cancer that “affects not more than 1 in 2,000 people”.
There is another problem here.
The Bill refers to the opinion of NHS England.
As I understood it, NHS England is—to my great delight—about to be demolished.
Or rather, abolished.
Perhaps both—demolished and abolished!
So, why are we seeking to include, in primary legislation, a reference to what, in the Government’s view, is already a redundant body?
I would have expected the Government to have come forward with an amendment on that, but I am at their service, as always, and if they accept amendment 8, then they will leave out “in the opinion of NHS England” and remove NHS England, and any references to that organisation, from the Bill.
I hope I am tempting the Minister to accept some of my amendments and tempting other Members to speak in support of them.
Finally, amendment 9 again relates to clause 3, and the “Disclosure of information for research purposes”.
Currently, subsection (4) states: “After subsection (6)”— of the Health and Social Care Act 2012— “insert—(6A)
A power conferred by this section to process information does not authorise the processing of information which would contravene the data protection legislation”.
That is fine; we can understand that.
But I would be grateful if the Minister expanded, when responding to the debate, on what is then in brackets: “(but the power is to be taken into account in determining whether the processing would contravene that legislation).”
If somebody could explain what that means, that would be extremely helpful.
We know from the notes that the common law duties of maintaining privacy still apply.
They are not removed as a result of this provision, so what do those words mean?
This is very much a probing amendment to try to obtain more information.
Madam Deputy Speaker, that is a succinct summary of the points I am making and why I tabled those amendments.
One or two people—out of ignorance, frankly—have written to me suggesting that I have something other than their best interests at heart.
I do have their best interests at heart, which I why I am putting forward these amendments.
I hope I will get a positive response from the Government.
I rise to oppose the amendments, but I thank  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for tabling them, for engaging with the Bill and for our conversation yesterday, which I really appreciated.
I understand the stated intent of the proposals, although I am not minded to support them.
Over the last 10 months, I have held dozens of meetings with families, survivors, sufferers, charities, clinicians and legal experts, all with the aim of delivering meaningful change in this field.
Those meetings were not so that I could tell people about the Bill, but so that those people could shape the Bill.
I fear that if we were to pass these amendments, they would upset the delicate balance of hopes and aspirations that underpins the Bill.
It is not just about the Minister, as the hon.
Member suggested; there is a whole coalition of people who have different opinions about the Bill, and I do not think any one person has a right to change it in that way, including me.
That would be hugely disrespectful and a disappointment to that coalition, but I understand the hon.
Member’s points.