Mr. MOONEY.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible accomplishments of the U.S. Air Force Airborne Laser Laboratory.
Five decades ago, in the midst of the Cold War, the men and women of the ALL undertook a seemingly impossible task: developing a laser defense system capable of tracking, engaging and destroying incoming missiles from an airborne platform.
Although the Air Force had successfully demonstrated their ability to use a land-based laser to destroy drone aircraft, the ALL would represent the first time in history that an aircraft-based system would attempt that feat.
For more than a decade, Air Force scientists and engineers, both military and civilian, pushed scientific boundaries, working on a converted KC-135 tanker aircraft in a huge yellow hanger at Kirkland Air Force Base.
These pioneers were not employing the latest technologies, they were inventing brand-new technologies as they discovered new challenges.
Many of those new technologies are in use today, in both directed energy and kinetic weapons programs.
In 1983 their hard work paid off when the ALL was successfully tested against AIM-9B Sidewinder missiles fired toward the aircraft in flight.
Although the fighter aircraft firing those missiles were positioned out of range, any miscalculation could have been disastrous.
Lt. Col Dennis Boesen, who was one of the ALL's Test Directors as well as a Vietnam combat veteran, pointed out, they were putting their lives in the hands of pilots, engineers and even the ordnance specialists to do their job perfectly.
They put themselves in the path of a missile--five missiles, in fact--to prove a technology designed to save lives.
Their faith in their fellow airmen, officers and scientists is a testament to this incredible team.
In joint testing with the U.S. Navy, the ALL shot down a BMQ-34A drone representing a Soviet cruise missile.
Again, the ALL performed flawlessly, destroying the drone and demonstrating that airborne laser weapons are possible.
In fact, the technological breakthroughs achieved with the ALL helped inspire President Ronald Reagan to launch the Strategic Defense Initiative and lead several years later to the YAL-1A airborne laser system.