Mr. GALLAGHER.
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Bruce A. Wilber, who has dedicated his life to serving both his country and his community.
Mr. Wilber's journey is one of resilience, dedication, and unwavering commitment to those he serves.
Born in June 1957 on the Menominee Indian Reservation in Keshana, Wisconsin, 
Mr. Wilber emerged as a beacon of leadership, being the oldest of seven children.
His father's legacy as a Korean War veteran instilled in him a profound sense of duty to his country and eventually inspired him to join the military.
After answering the call to serve, Bruce Wilber became a motor transport operator stationed in Caserma Ederle, a base in Livorno, Italy.
Upon concluding his military service, 
Mr. Wilber transitioned to the civilian sector, where he contributed to the logging industry and later served in law enforcement.
Unfortunately, his law enforcement career was cut short due to an injury.
However, this setback did not deter him.
Mr. Wilber's tenacity shone through as he pursued an associate degree in alcohol and other drug abuse (AODA) counseling from the College.
His journey took a significant turn as he assumed the role of an AODA counselor at the Maehnowesekiyah Wellness Center, the treatment facility for the Menominee Nation.
In this capacity, he was instrumental in establishing and maintaining mental and physical wellness programs for veterans and members of the Menominee Tribe for a decade.
At each stop in his career, he continued to serve a greater purpose and those around him.
In August 2016, 
Mr. Wilber became the Tribal Veterans Service Officer (TVSO) and a County Veterans Service Officer (CVSO) for the Menominee Nation and Menominee County, respectively.
He extended his service by joining the Wisconsin County Veterans Service Officers Association (CVSOA), a vital organization that represents all 11 recognized tribes and 72 counties in Wisconsin.
After several years as a CVSO, it is with great pride that we acknowledge 
Mr. Wilber's election as the first Native American president of the State County Veterans Service Officer Association (CVSOA).
I am sure that with his experience and unwavering dedication to the veteran's community, 
Mr. Wilber will excel in this new role.