Ms. McCOLLUM.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 9495, the Stop Terror-Financing and Tax Penalties on American Hostages Act.
This legislation would grant the Secretary of the Treasury the unilateral authority to suspend the tax-exempt status of any organization deemed ``terrorist supporting'' without due process or evidence.
U.S. law already prohibits nonprofits from providing material support to terrorists.
Additionally, I am deeply concerned about how this legislation could provide President-elect Trump's incoming administration with unchecked power to cause irreparable damage to any nonprofit he deems a threat to his own political agenda.
This could be disastrous for nonprofits across the country, including those doing important work in the Fourth District like Springboard for the Arts, the Playwrights' Center, and the Center for Victims.
More than 120 civil society groups--including the ACLU, the American Federation of Teachers, the NAACP, and the League of Conservation Voters--signed a letter opposing this bill due to the potential for abuse.
I include in the Record this letter.
I stand with them, and I encourage my colleagues to do the same.
September 20, 2024.
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC.
Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC.
Dear Speaker Johnson and Leader Jeffries: We write to express our deep concerns with H.R. 9495, the Stop TerrorFinancing and Tax Penalties on American Hostages Act.
Specifically, this bill includes the text of H.R. 6408, legislation we strongly oppose as it raises significant constitutional concerns.
Because H.R. 6408 vests vast unilateral discretion in the Secretary of Treasury, it creates a high risk of politicized and discriminatory enforcement.
The executive branch already has extensive authority to prohibit transactions with individuals and entities it deems connected to terrorism and nonprofit organizations are already prohibited from providing material support to terrorist organizations.
In fact, it would be a federal crime for them to do so.
Moreover, we do not oppose the provisions in H.R. 9495 that relate to preventing the IRS from imposing fines and penalties on hostages while they are held abroad.
Indeed, these provisions have already passed the Senate on their own, and if the House of Representatives were to pass a version of this bill that did not include the text of H.R. 6408, it could be sent immediately to the President for his signature.
Without any evidence as to the need for this legislation, H.R. 6408 authorizes broad and easily abused new powers for the executive branch.
It grants the Secretary of the Treasury virtually unfettered discretion to designate a U.S. nonprofit as a ``terrorist supporting organization'' and to strip it of its tax-exempt status if the Secretary finds that the nonprofit has provided material support to a terrorist group, even if the ``support'' is not intentional or connected to actual violence.
While the sponsors of this legislation have stated that it is needed to avoid what they refer to as ``time-consuming bureaucratic process'' under current law, what the bill sponsors are actually seeking to avoid is fundamental due process.
If this bill were to become law, the Secretary of Treasury could strip a US nonprofit of its tax-exempt status without providing the nonprofit a meaningful opportunity to defend itself before a neutral decisionmaker.
The legislation further does not require disclosure of all the reasons for such a decision or the evidence relied upon to support it.
Nor would the government be required to provide any evidence in its possession that might undermine its decision, leaving an accused nonprofit entirely in the dark about what conduct the government believes qualifies as material support.
The potential for abuse under H.R. 6408 is immense as the executive branch would be handed a tool it could use to curb free speech, censor nonprofit media outlets, target political opponents, and punish disfavored groups across the political spectrum.
Moreover, the addition of this authority to the tax code would allow the IRS to explicitly target and harass domestic nonprofits using its investigative authority.
It is also not hard to imagine a future administration using this power in far broader circumstances that have nothing to do with the