Mr. BISHOP.
Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to an extraordinary public servant, trailblazing leader, wife, mother, grandmother, sister, mentor and friend of longstanding, 
Mrs. Brenda Davis Murrell.
Sadly, Brenda transitioned from labor to reward on November 9, 2024.
A celebration of her remarkable life will be held at 11:00 a.m. on November 15, 2024, at Victory Baptist Church, 640 Meriwether Road, Milledgeville, Georgia.
Brenda Davis Murrell was born August 11, 1951, in Cleveland, Ohio to the late Lexie Davis, Sr. and 
Ms. Bobbie Davis Arnold.
Her family relocated to Milledgeville, Georgia when Brenda was 10 years old, where she began the early stages of her life's journey of achievement, service, and empowerment of others.
She was a product of the Baldwin County School System where she excelled academically and graduated from Boddie High School in 1969.
Upon graduation, Brenda attended the historic Paine College in Augusta, Georgia where she earned a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology in 1973 and joined the sisterhood of her beloved Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc, where she served for more than 50 years holding numerous leadership positions and leveraging her influence and vision for the sorority to make a lasting impact in communities across Georgia and beyond.
In pursuit of further knowledge and mastery, Brenda completed her master's degree in education from the University of Georgia in 1985 and armed with a keen understanding of human behavior, she began employment as a counselor within the Georgia Department of Corrections, rising through the ranks, breaking barriers, and setting unprecedented standards.
Her tenacity, intellect and leadership skills earned her appointment as one of the first 3 Black and female wardens in the State her reputation as one of the most highly competent, effective, compassionate, and admired prison administrators in the profession.
She was instrumental in implementing a wide range of transformative policies and programs which remain active today, including life changing prison ministries.
Correctional officers and offenders who served under her leadership all say of Brenda that she always treated them with dignity and respect.
Her career culminated as Director of Facilities Operations for the Georgia Department of Corrections, overseeing more than 60 facilities with 10,000 employees and 47,000 offenders, reaching the zenith of her profession and setting a powerful example for future generations of leaders.
Following her retirement, Brenda continued to influence the field as a private consultant sharing her expertise with facilities and organizations nationwide.
However, as she stepped away from corrections, she redirected her energy to her ``first love''--DST.
As a Delta, she embraced the Red Hat society, an organization dedicated to women's empowerment, embodying the message of living life boldly and with purpose.
Brenda was an avid traveler who cherished exploration, traversing continents and embarking on 19 adventures with Carnival and Caribbean Cruise lines.
A woman of unwavering faith, Brenda's life was grounded in her Christian beliefs and no matter where her career moved her, she sought out churches in her community, finding strength and kinship through worship.
Her spiritual journey began at Flagg Chapel Baptist Church in Milledgeville where she served for many years as Church announcer, utilizing her distinctive voice and perfect diction there, and within her community as a respected public speaker.
Brenda loved her family.
Her sons, Brandon and Bruce Butts were the loves of her life, and she was a doting grandmother, to say the least.
Moreover, she loved her siblings and extended family; frequently organizing family reunions, and providing warmth, laughter, and support to all of them.