Mr. DAVIS.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to recognize the service Natural History in Chicago.
Dr. Bouman worked for the Field Museum for over 15 years, serving most recently as the Senior Environmental Social Scientist and, before that, as the Chicago Region Program Director at the Museum's Keller Science Action Center.
His work focused on efforts to build better bridges between people and nature across the Chicagoland region and the urban world.
A lifelong Chicagoan who received his undergraduate degree in Geography from Valparaiso University and a M.A. and Ph.D. in Geography from the University of Minnesota, Dr. Bouman has taught at Valparaiso, the University of Minnesota, University of British Columbia, Elmhurst College, Chicago State University, and the University.
He has received numerous awards for teaching excellence, funding for research and technical assistance projects, and authored or co-authored a myriad of peer-reviewed articles and publications.
Dr. Bouman has played a leading role in raising awareness of the incredible culturally- and environmentally-diverse Calumet region.
The Calumet region is a bi-state area that spans from the Pullman National Historical Park to the Indiana Dunes National Park.
It is loosely bounded by the former U.S. Steel South Works in Chicago, portions of suburban Chicago, and the Indiana counties of Lake, Porter, and LaPorte.
From Lake Michigan to the Indiana Dunes to the Grand Calumet River to the Kankakee River.
The Calumet is a landscape reworked for industrial use that is now undergoing vigorous restoration for recreational and educational uses to enrich the lives of its residents and visitors.
While at Chicago State University, which anchors one corner of the Calumet region, Dr. Bouman started the University's Neighborhood Assistance Center, the Calumet Environmental Resource Center, and the GIS Laboratory.
He also helped establish the Lake Calumet Ecosystem Partnership and was Project Director on a map for Chicago Wilderness that serves as an important touchstone for current planning work in the region.
Dr. Bouman's many involvements in regional affairs have included serving as: President of the Calumet Heritage Partnership, where he has tirelessly advocated for the creation of a Calumet National Heritage Area; Co-Chair of the Calumet Stewardship Initiative, as a Member of the Working Group of Vital Lands Illinois; and as a Member of the Millennium Reserve Steering Committee.
In addition to his volunteer pursuits, Dr. Bouman is a huge Cubs fan with an encyclopedic knowledge of stats and history about the game overall, a community choir singer, and a train buff; one year, he was even given the chance to drive a train for his birthday.
He's also one of those people who shares a lot of obscure trivia, much to everyone's delight, not just about The Calumet region but about old Hollywood movies, politics, and many other things.
Please join me in thanking Dr. Bouman for his service and extending best wishes on his retirement.
I have no doubt he will continue to stay actively involved on behalf of our region.