Mr. SMITH.
Mr. Speaker, it is difficult to imagine a Congress without my good friend and longtime colleague Kay Granger--an effective and accomplished lawmaker who has diligently represented the people of Texas since 1997, when she was elected as the first Republican congresswoman from the Lone Star State.
An incredibly strong, well-informed and tenacious leader, Kay has worked tirelessly over the years to make our government more transparent and accountable while helping those in need.
Having worked closely with her over the years, I know her deep personal commitment and unwavering resolve to protect unborn children and their mothers from the violence of abortion.
During her remarkable 25 years of service on the powerful House Appropriations Committee, she has fought relentlessly to preserve critical protections for the weakest and most vulnerable, including the Hyde Amendment--which has saved more than 2.5 million lives.
She has also strongly supported the Smith Amendment, which I first authored in 1984, to prevent U.S. taxpayer dollars from funding abortions for federal employees and their dependents, and her work on foreign aid has helped protect so many unborn babies and women in need around the globe.
As the first Republican Chairwoman on the House Appropriations Committee, Kay also led our efforts in the House on many other important matters.
She worked hard to cut wasteful spending, promote fiscal responsibility, and ensure hard-earned American taxpayer dollars are spent more efficiently and effectively.
At every turn, Kay has been steadfast in her support of our courageous service members, veterans, and their families and absolutely dedicated to boosting our national security, especially while she served as Chairwoman of the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.
She has worked tirelessly to hold public officials to account, including those at the U.S. State Department in the aftermath of the horrific attack on our diplomatic compound in Benghazi that tragically left four Americans dead.
Kay's unyielding commitment to improve the lives of her constituents and Americans across the country has truly made a difference.
We will always cherish our time with her in Congress and the incredible lasting impact she has had on all of us who have known and worked with her.