Toothless in Huntingdon in my constituency has written to me highlighting that 36% of patients under Cambridgeshire and Peterborough integrated care system no longer have an NHS dentist.
It wants dental practices to provide access to those needing emergency treatment and a priority pathway for referrals from hospital departments such as cardiology and oncology.
To that extent, what steps are being taken in Huntingdonshire to improve dental access across rural Cambridgeshire?
How are the Government helping the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough integrated care system to address those issues?
Obviously the golden hello scheme for rural areas is very important.
We are pushing forward on that, and I am pleased to say that hundreds have expressed interest in it and appointments are starting on that basis.
The hon.
Gentleman is right about training places.
As I have already mentioned, we are very open to establishments and institutions coming forward with  proposals for that.
We are living in a country where the biggest cause of hospital admission for five to nine-year-olds is having their rotten teeth removed.
That is a truly Dickensian state of affairs, and it needs to be fixed as a priority.
Earlier this year, I was at an orthodontist’s practice that carries out work on behalf of the NHS.
It said the issue is that when people are referred to it by their general dentist, it cannot go on to do the orthodontic work because their teeth are in too bad a state, so they are referred back to the dentist, but they cannot get in because of waiting lists and issues.
When we look at reforming dental contracts, will we look at orthodontic ones too?
Absolutely.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has said, we have already met with the British Dental Association, and no issues are off the table.
We absolutely need to look at orthodontists in the round as part of the contract negotiations, and we will certainly report back on that in due course.
What plans he has to reform NHS health and social care services.
What plans he has to reform NHS health and social care services.
Before the election, we made it clear that investment and reform were needed in the NHS.
The Chancellor announced the investment in the Budget, and since the general election we have confirmed the introduction of new league tables of NHS providers, with high-performing providers being given greater freedom over funding and flexibility.
We are sending turnaround teams into struggling hospitals, giving the best performers greater freedoms over funding to modernise technology and equipment.
We are creating a new college of executive and clinical leadership that will help to attract, keep and support the best NHS leaders.
We are banning NHS trusts from using agencies to hire temporary entry-level workers in bands 2 and 3, such as healthcare assistants and domestic support workers.
We are sending crack teams of top clinicians to areas with long waiting lists and high economic inactivity to improve the productivity of their clinics, and we are running a GP red tape challenge to slash bureaucracy.
I could go on, because this is a Government who are walking the talk on NHS reform.
I think you already have, but there we are.
I wish my right hon.
Friend would go on.
Irresponsible promises were made by the Opposition about capital investment in hospitals and elective surgeries across the country, including in the three Medway constituencies.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me and my hon.
Friends the Members for Rochester and Strood (Lauren Edwards) and for Gillingham and Rainham (Naushabah Khan) to discuss the much-needed NHS investment in our area?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and other Members from across Medway to discuss the challenges that their part of the south-east faces, and to explain why our predecessors made promises they could not keep, with timetables that were completely fictitious and funding that runs out in March.
I am really sorry for the way that communities were let down by the previous Government.
This Government will not make the same mistakes.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his earlier answer.
Last week, I spoke to one of my constituents, Norman Phillips, who has been an unpaid carer for his wife Ros for the past 18 years.
Like many unpaid carers across Stevenage, Norman has been put through absolute hell by the previous Tory Government’s complete inaction on social care for over 14 years.
Does the Secretary of State agree that unpaid carers such as Norman play a vital role in providing care, and that unpaid carers need to be at the heart of any reforms to the social care system—reforms that are much needed?
I, too, pay tribute to Norman and to family carers like him, who play such a vital role supporting loved ones.
Through the carer’s allowance uplift in the Budget, the Chancellor announced the largest increase to the weekly earnings limit since the introduction of carer’s allowance in 1976.
As well as that investment, we will have a 10-year plan for social care, and I see the care workforce, care providers and family carers as all being important partners in building that plan.