The Secretary of State was asked— What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
Mr Speaker, I associate myself with your remarks about the war in Ukraine.
I know the whole House stands with Ukraine as it defends its freedom and democracy.
This is precisely why the Prime Minister’s leadership at the G20, and in other international fora, is vital in standing up not just for our national interests but for our values across the world.
Over the past decade, the Conservatives’ mismanagement has left the NHS with 1,400 fewer full-time equivalent GPs than in 2015, hundreds of practice closures, the loss of over 1,000 community pharmacies, and NHS dentistry a distant memory, which is why this Government took immediate action to employ 1,000 more GPs.
Through the additional roles reimbursement scheme, through the Chancellor’s Budget measures and through our 10-year plan, we will shift the focus of healthcare out of hospitals and into the community.
In my Makerfield constituency, Wigan council and my local NHS trust are working closely together to pioneer a health system focused on prevention and delivered through neighbourhood health centres, but they need help.
What is the Secretary of State doing to improve access to primary care, especially data-driven preventive care, through neighbourhood health centres?
I agree with my hon.
Friend on the importance of prevention at a local level.
We are trialling neighbourhood health centres across the country to bring together a range of services, ensuring that healthcare is closer to home and that patients receive the care they deserve.
This is part of our broader ambition to move towards a neighbourhood health service, with care delivered close to home.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to hear more about what is going well in his community and what further action we need to take.
Does the Secretary of State agree that access to primary care is hugely important to supporting accident and emergency departments at hospitals like the Princess Alexandra in Harlow?
Does he also agree that access to primary care is about not just GPs but dentists?
Finally, what are the Government’s plans to support dental surgeries such as the aptly named Harlow dental surgery, which I visited last week?
My hon.
Friend is right that many of the pressures on our hospitals, such as the Princess Alexandra in Harlow, are a result of pressures in other parts of the health and social care system.
It is outrageous that the biggest reason for five to nine-year-olds presenting to hospital is tooth decay, which is why we need to get NHS dentistry back on its feet, along with the rest of the NHS.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Care and I have regularly met the British Dental Association since the general election to consider how the dental contract can be reformed to retain dentists and rebuild NHS dental services.
In my local area of Cambridgeshire and Peterborough, GPs are reporting feeling increasingly burnt out, with working conditions becoming more extreme.
The number of patients per fully qualified GP in my area has increased by nearly 400 since December 2016, a higher increase than the national average.
Can the Secretary of State tell me what his Department is doing to make the situation more sustainable while improving access to primary care?
General practice is a valued part of the NHS, and GPs are a vital part of our NHS family.
In fact, they are delivering more appointments than ever before, and we recognise the significant pressures they face.
At the same time, we know that patients are struggling to see their GP, which is why we have invested an additional £82 million into the ARRS to recruit 1,000 more newly qualified GPs this year.
This will take pressure off general practice, and we will be announcing further budget allocations in the not-too-distant future to set out what further support we will provide for general practice.