I am glad to reassure the right hon.
Lady
that my colleague the Minister for the Indo-Pacific, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , has issued a statement on the verdict.
She makes clear that China’s imposition of the national security law in Hong Kong has eroded the rights and freedoms of Hongkongers.
She makes clear that the sentencing decision was a clear demonstration of the Hong Kong authority’s use of the NSL to criminalise political dissent.
As she says, the so-called NSL45 were guilty only of exercising their rights as guaranteed under the international covenant on civil and political rights and basic law, and of exercising their right to freedom of speech, assembly and political participation.
China’s imposition of the NSL in Hong Kong has eroded the rights and freedoms of Hongkongers, and the UK Government will always stand up for the people of Hong Kong.
The jailing of 45 pro-democracy campaigners in Hong Kong under the draconian national security law is appalling.
It is a serious blow to freedoms in Hong Kong.
The harsh application of this disturbing law to suppress people in Hong Kong cannot go unanswered.
In government, my party consistently championed for that law to be repealed, and we gave safe routes for British nationals overseas in need of protection.
I am proud to have established that scheme as the then Home Secretary.
We also published reports twice a year on the situation in Hong Kong to raise our grave concerns about the erosion of freedoms with the Chinese authorities and at the United Nations.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister met President Xi and said he wanted a respectful relationship where both countries tried to avoid surprises.
He even confirmed that he had called in the application for the new Chinese embassy.
But less than 24 hours later, the Sino-British declaration has been trampled on yet again, with the sentencing of 45 pro-democracy campaigners.
Where does that leave the Government’s reset with Beijing?
Did the Prime Minister actually secure any commitments on Hong Kong yesterday?
Will the Prime Minister now be holding further conversations with President Xi to convey his concerns about this appalling jailing?
Why did the Minister for the Indo-Pacific this morning not call, in her statement, for the repeal of the national security law?
The official No. 10 read-out of the Prime Minister’s meeting with President Xi failed to mention Jimmy Lai’s case.
We understand the Prime Minister did raise concerns, but that is not enough.
Did he call for Jimmy  Lai to be released and for an end to his politically motivated trial?
A yes or no answer is needed, because there is an important distinction between the two.
The UK has an historic and moral commitment to the people of Hong Kong.
We must stand up for their rights under the international covenant on civil and political rights and basic law.
The Government must provide the mettle needed to handle the relationship with China, to stand up for the freedoms and democracy of Hong Kong, and to raise their game.
The Government absolutely agree about the historic relationship between the UK and Hong Kong and the current incredibly strong and important relationship.
In opposition, my party rightly supported the measures for British nationals overseas.
We have been crystal clear in our view on yesterday’s sentencing.
I repeat that it was a clear demonstration of the Hong Kong authority’s use of the NSL to criminalise political dissent.
Respectfully, I have to say to the right hon.
Lady that when she seeks to lecture the new Government on our approach to China she should be aware of what we saw over the past 14 years: a wild oscillation in policy towards China that went from the golden era period right through, finally, to a complete lack of engagement that was out of step with our partners, including the US, France and Germany, which were having those conversations.
The new Government have been determined to have those conversations.
The right hon.
Lady referred to the Prime Minister’s meeting, where he made very clear his concerns about human rights issues.
He did raise Jimmy Lai’s case.
That is very clear from the footage of that meeting.
If she has not seen it, I respectfully encourage her to look at it.
We will continue to raise human rights issues as part of our consistent approach to China.