The Royal College of General Practitioners has said the national insurance tax increase is expected to cost 2.2 million appointments.
We know from answers to written questions that have been submitted that GPs, hospices and care homes are not exempt from the increases, and will not find out until April what, if any, mitigation will be put in place, so cutbacks are now being planned.
Will the Secretary of State explain how his choice to tax GPs will increase GP access?
I can reassure health and care providers that we will be setting out allocations long before April next year.
I recognise that people need to plan ahead of the new financial year.
When deciding allocations, we take into account the range of pressures on different parts of the system.
People have heard what I have said already about the need to shift out of hospital into primary and community services.
The shadow Minister talks about choices; Conservative Members seem to welcome the £26 billion investment, but oppose the means of raising it.
I am afraid they cannot do both.
If they support the investment, they need to support the way in which we raise the money; if they do not support the way in which we raise the money, they need to spell out how they would raise it or be honest about the fact that if they were still in government, they would continue to preside over a mismanaged decline.
One GP described the situation as “Schrödinger’s primary care”: GPs are seen as private contractors, so not exempt from the NI increases, but they are exempt from the small business relief because they are deemed to be “public”.
Did the Department of Health team knowingly go along with the Treasury team’s plan to tax primary care without mitigation, leading to cuts?
Or did it not understand or spot the complexity of what is going on, so mitigations have to be put in place now?
Which is it?
I was terribly impolite; I should have welcomed the shadow Minister to his place in response to his first question.
Conservative Members seem to welcome the £26 billion investment and are happy to tell us how it should be spent, but they oppose the means of raising it.
They cannot do all those things.
They need to be honest with the country: either they support the investment in the NHS or they say they would cut it.
Which is it?
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the condition of NHS hospital equipment.
The Darzi review made it absolutely clear that the NHS has been starved of capital.
It is 15 years behind the private sector in its use of technology and we have fewer scanners per person than in comparable countries.
That is why at the Budget the Chancellor announced an investment of £1.5 billion for capital funding, which will include investment for new artificial intelligence-enabled scanners, which will help tackle that backlog.
Residents in Somerset, and in North Somerset, my part of the world, recognise the £70 million that has been granted for new radiotherapy machines, as announced in the Budget, which will fund up to 30 machines.
However, 70 machines will pass their sell-by date—their 10-year recommended life—by the end of this year.
Will the Secretary of State and the Minister agree to meet Radiotherapy UK, which wants to highlight the huge cost benefits of having a more consistent, rolling programme of machine maintenance and replacement in the NHS 10-year plan?
The hon.
Lady highlights the important matter of the lifetime of some of the machines, which we are finally addressing after the last 14 years of not addressing issues that include providing support to ensure that the machines work properly.
Officials regularly meet Radiotherapy UK and the Department values its input.
If there are specific incidents that the hon.
Lady wishes to highlight, I am happy to respond to her.
Does the Minister agree that the NHS cannot continue to rely on outdated and obsolete equipment?
It is ridiculous that GPs still use pagers and hospitals communicate with each other using fax machines.
After 14 years of decline under the previous Government, will she commit to bringing our NHS into the 21st century?
My hon.
Friend lays bare an important issue.
We all know, and critically, staff know, that we are asking them to do the most incredible job with outdated technology.
It is bad for staff and it is bad for patients.
That is why moving from an analogue to a digital system is crucial.
I was fortunate to visit colleagues at NHS England offices up in Leeds last week to see some of the fantastic work they are doing on the app.
We will ensure that the NHS comes into the 21st century.
What steps he is taking to improve mental health support services.
Lord Darzi found that mental health waiting lists have surged, with more than 100,000 children waiting a year for their first appointment.
That is why we will recruit 8,500 more mental health workers, provide access to mental health support in every school and roll out young futures hubs in every community.
I am delighted to tell my hon.
Friend that a Bill to modernise the Mental Health Act 1983 was introduced in the other place on  6 November .
That was a promise that we made before the election—a promise that we kept.