The Conservatives’ disastrous legacy on dentistry means that more than 4.4 million children have not seen a dentist in the past year.
In Shropshire, dentists continue to hand back their contracts, including one in Wem in recent weeks.
Will the Minister outline his plan to reverse that terrible decline and ensure that the issue is addressed in rural areas where there are dental deserts?
There will be 700,000 extra urgent appointments, golden hellos, and a prevention and supervised toothbrushing scheme for three to five-year-olds.
Many of my constituents are worried that online GP appointments are too often used as a substitute for face-to-face consultation, which risks adding pressures to NHS waiting lists further down the line.
Will the Secretary of State reassure my constituents that they will receive timely, in-person GP access and the quality of care that they deserve?
We all know that general practice is under enormous pressure, and that will be a big part of this Government’s agenda.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that our view is that there should be patient choice, patient control and different courses for different horses.
I value online and over-the-phone appointments, but they will not be right for everyone on every occasion.
Patients should have a voice and a say.
I recently met a GP who was in the market to hire a new seven to eight session GP to meet demand.
Following the Budget and the increase in national insurance contributions for employers, he can now only afford a three to four session GP.
What advice does the Secretary of State have for my friend the GP?
I would say to GPs who are thinking about staffing for the next financial year that they should hold tight and wait for funding allocations shortly, so that they can make informed decisions about staffing and care for patients.
On the doorstep in Bristol North East, people regularly talk to me about the difficulties they have getting a GP appointment.
Will the Minister assure primary care services in my constituency, such as Kingswood health centre, that the Budget will help them and marks the first steps in transforming our NHS?
We have pledged to bring back the family doctor, and we have already invested an additional £82 million in the additional roles reimbursement scheme to recruit 1,000 more newly qualified GPs in 2024-25.
We are also committed to fixing the front door of the NHS, for example through £100 million of capital funding that was announced in the Budget.
We are fully aware of the pressures, and we will set out further details on funding allocations for next year in due course.
Will the Secretary of State give a clear date by which QR codes will be incorporated into the NHS app at the point of care, thereby making the process faster and safer, as was highlighted to me by Dr Steve Bright at the Windrush health centre in Witney?
I might resist the invitation to give a specific date today, but the hon.
Gentleman makes a valuable point about the ease of use of the NHS app, and I will write to him further on that point.
Usher syndrome is a rare inherited disease that can lead to both deafness and blindness.
As chair of the Usher syndrome all-party parliamentary group, I have met many of those who suffer from Usher   syndrome.
What assessment has the Department made of the adequacy of support for those suffering from Usher syndrome and their family members?
The UK rare diseases framework aims to improve the lives of people living with all rare diseases.
I am more than prepared to meet my hon.
Friend to look at the adequacy of support available to people with Usher syndrome.
Last Friday, I met GPs at the Fairhill medical practice in north Kingston in my constituency.
They have told me that the increase in national insurance contributions will add £50,000 a year to their costs.
Can the Secretary of State tell me whether GPs can expect to see an across-the-board cut in the NICs payable by GPs to help them manage to continue delivering services for families in the area?
We have not yet announced allocations for general practice for the year ahead, and we are taking into account all the pressures that general practice is under.
The renewed focus on prevention in our health system is welcome, but under the previous Government, the public health grant that facilitates much of that work was cut by 28%.
Has the Minister, in partnership with the Treasury, considered when we might be able to address that public health funding issue, which is essential to enabling progress in prevention?
We will confirm the 2025-26 local authority public health grant allocations in due course.
Local government plays a critical role in delivering the Government’s health mission and driving action on the prevention of ill health.
We are committed to working in partnership with local government to tackle the wider determinants of ill health.
I have been shocked this week by all the major GP groups in my constituency detailing their financial situations.
They are all close to the edge and are considering the options of bankruptcy, redundancies or handing in their contracts.
What urgent respite can the Secretary of State give them?
I am in no doubt about the state that general practice was left in by our Conservative predecessors.
That is why, in making decisions about funding allocations for the year ahead, we are taking into account all the pressures that general practice is under, as we clean up the mess left by the Conservatives.
In summer 2023, I spoke to Rachel, who suffers from endometriosis.
She was told that she might have to wait 18 months for urgent surgery.
She is still waiting.
In fact, she has had the menopause induced to help tackle her symptoms.
Can the Minister tell me what the Government are doing to improve the diagnosis and treatment of women, including Rachel, who have had to wait far too long?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point on behalf of Rachel and many other women suffering from this disease.
We are looking urgently at gynaecological waiting lists.
They are far too high, including for endometriosis.
I welcome the new National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines.
We will be looking at women’s health hubs and how they work, and future guidelines will help women to get a diagnosis more quickly and help with situations like Rachel’s.
Respiratory health conditions are one of the main drivers of NHS winter pressures, yet only 32% of asthma sufferers in Bath and across the country can access the most basic level of care.
What will the Government do to improve access to basic levels of care for the 68% of asthma sufferers who are currently missing out?
NICE is reviewing its guidelines for the diagnosis, monitoring and management of chronic asthma, and an updated version is due to be published in late November 2024.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss it further.
Women with spinal cord injuries face significant challenges in accessing core health services, including breast screening, cervical screening and gynaecological care.
Research shows that women with disabilities, including spinal cord issues, are 30% less likely to attend routine breast screening appointments, in significant part due to the physical inaccessibility of the screening equipment.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the all-party parliamentary group on spinal cord injury to discuss these unacceptable disparities and ensure that women receive the equitable and accessible care they deserve?
My hon.
Friend highlights a shocking example of inaccessibility in these important services.
I will make sure that the Department responds to him and that either me or a ministerial colleague meets him.
Ludlow community hospital in my constituency provides a great service for the local community, but it is restricted by its location and its building.
There is a business model that would be more cost-effective in the long term that involves moving the facility to the eco park.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, healthcare stakeholders and the league of friends in Ludlow to take that forward?
The hon.
Member is welcome to make representations to the Department for the capital investment that he is calling for, but he should welcome the means of providing it, which was the Chancellor’s decision in the Budget.