Many of my constituents in Bedford are struggling to get an NHS dentist.
I am also hearing from those who have tried to book an appointment only to discover that they have been removed from the NHS list without any warning.
The Government have committed to improve the dental contract.
In doing so, will they ensure that dentists can no longer drop people from their books—leaving them without any access to care—without prior notice?
My hon.
Friend is right: we will reform the dental contract to rebuild dentistry in the long term and to increase access to NHS dental care, with a shift to focusing on prevention and the retention of NHS dentists.
We continue to meet representatives from the British Dental Association and other representatives of the sector to discuss how we can best deliver our shared ambition to improve access for NHS dental patients.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of proposed changes to employer national insurance contributions on staffing costs for health and care providers.
The leadership shown by the Chancellor has enabled her and the Government to fix the foundations of the public finances and fill the £22 billion black hole left by the previous Government.
The decisions that she took meant that she was able to provide this Department with an extra £26 billion and a real-terms increase in core local government spending power by about 3.2%.
That was the right decision for the right reasons in the national interest, and I am taking into consideration pressures on all parts of health and social care before making final allocations for the year ahead.
In North East Fife, we have a particular issue with access to dental surgeries, especially with the recent closure of a surgery in Leven.
Difficulties stem from recruitment from abroad as a result of visa changes and also simply from practices going private and coming out of the system.
Obviously, the NHS is devolved in Scotland, but does the Secretary of State agree that putting staffing under further strain from increasing national insurance contributions will only make things worse for dentists?
What in his conversations is he doing to ensure that dentists get the support that they need?
It is because the Chancellor took the decisions that she did in the Budget that my Department has received £26 billion to reform and improve health and social care.
As I said before the general election, all parts of the United Kingdom suffered under the previous Conservative Government, which is why I am sure that Members from across Scotland will welcome the extra £1.5 billion this year and £3.4 billion next year—the biggest funding increase since devolution.
I am sure that the SNP Government will welcome the increase, and they certainly have no excuses now for not acting.
Fourteen years of neglect have left hospices in a perilous condition.
They are dealing with the rise in national insurance contributions, pay and other cost pressures, so I welcome the fact that the Secretary of State is putting in place measures to ensure that the funding recovers.
Will he assure me that integrated care boards not only will pass on that recovery from the increased costs to hospices, but will help them catch up from the Tory years of neglect of the whole sector?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
I am looking carefully at the pressures on hospices.
In fact, only last Friday I visited Saint Francis hospice, which serves my constituents and people right across east London and west and south Essex.
I saw at first hand the brilliant work it is doing on end of life care, but also the pressures it is under, and I am taking those pressures into account before deciding allocations for the year ahead.
I have tried repeatedly through written parliamentary questions to get an answer to this without success, so I will try asking it face to face: will the Secretary of State tell the House how much his Chancellor’s changes to national insurance contributions will cost the NHS?
The hon.
Member talks about the employer national insurance contributions as if they were a burden on the NHS.
It is thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor that we can invest £26 billion in health and social care.
The Conservatives welcome the investment but oppose the means of raising it.
Do they support the investment or not?
They cannot duck the question; they have to answer.
The right hon.
Member speaks of ducking questions, but it is worrying that three weeks after the Budget he still does not know, or will not tell the House, how much it will cost the NHS.
Of course, changes to national insurance contributions affect not just the NHS directly, but suppliers, contractors, charities and other NHS care providers.
I know you are a great supporter of your local air ambulance service, Mr Speaker, as I am of the Lincs & Notts air ambulance, which now needs to raise £70,000 extra just to fund this Government’s ill-advised changes to NICs.
That £70,000 is a lot of cakes to sell, cars to wash and fun runs to complete, and that is just one example of pressures placed on lifesaving services right across the country.
Will the Minister confirm that he will meet the Chancellor, explain the disastrous effects of the policy and insist that she reverses it?
Again, we have not yet announced how we are allocating the budget for the year ahead, but I remind the Conservatives that it is thanks to the choices the Chancellor made in her Budget that she is able to invest £26 billion in health and social care.
Would they cut the £26 billion this Labour Government are investing in the NHS?
If not, how would they pay for it?
Welcome to opposition.
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Hospices provide essential care for people at the most difficult point of their life, and they are usually only partially funded by the NHS.
Hospice UK says that real-terms funding has fallen by £47 million since 2022, and hospices are struggling with this hike in national insurance contributions.
Hope House children’s hospice in North Shropshire estimates that it will cost £178,000.
Will the Secretary of State commit to either exempting hospices from the NICs increase or ensure that they are funded to cover those additional costs?
I am grateful to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for her question.
I pay tribute to the children’s hospice in her constituency and, indeed, to Haven House children’s hospice, which serves my constituency.
And Derian House children’s hospice.
And indeed your very own local hospice, Mr Speaker—I am sure that will appear on the record.
I am particularly thankful for the advocacy we have received from Hospice UK and charities such as Together for Short Lives and others that are making their voices heard about the pressures on the system.
I say to all hospices across the country that I am taking those pressures into account before deciding allocations for the year ahead, because I want to ensure that everyone, whatever their age, receives access to the timely and good-quality end of life care, palliative care and, of course, support for people with life-limiting conditions that all of them deserve.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on staff salaries in the care sector.
I was proud that the Chancellor raised the salaries of hundreds of thousands of care workers in the Budget.
Last month, the Government introduced legislation to deliver the first ever fair pay agreement for adult social care.
While we were giving care workers a pay rise, the Leader of the Opposition was belittling their work as merely wiping bottoms.
I gently say to the Conservative party that it is better to be wiping bottoms than talking out of them.
This is an important issue, and I am dealing with ministerial colleagues on it.
According to last month’s Skills for Care report, most care workers are paid only a couple of pennies above the national minimum wage, while the sector cannot recruit and retain the people it needs.
Will the Minister set out the timetable for establishing the fair pay agreement and adult social care negotiating body, and will he give the House an assurance that the care trade unions will be closely involved in its design?
We took quick action on the Employment Rights Bill, which includes the fair pay agreement, within 100 days of taking office.
The consultation process on the negotiating body can begin only once the Bill has become an Act.
We are engaging widely with stakeholders, and I assure my hon.
Friend that unions will play a central role in that process, but let us remember that, through the national living wage, we are giving the lowest-paid full-time care workers a pay increase of £1,400 per year.
One barrier to better staff salaries in the care sector is the additional employer national insurance contributions.
Are the Minister and his colleagues considering an exemption for GP practices, charities and hospices from national insurance employer contributions?
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care pointed out, when we won the general election on  4 July , we inherited public finances in their worst state since the second world war.
Through the Chancellor, we have taken responsible action to deal with those issues.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has also said that we are looking at the Budget in the round, and we will report on that in due course.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, NHS dentistry in England has been left in a parlous state.
Tooth decay is the most common reason why children aged five to nine are admitted to hospital, and 28% of the country—13 million people—have an unmet need for dentistry.
Rescuing NHS dentistry will not happen overnight.
We will expand the provision of urgent dental appointments across the country, and we are working with the sector to reform the dental contract in order to increase access and incentivise more NHS care.
Yesterday, I heard from a disabled constituent who has spent over a year trying to find an NHS dentist, but without success.
The only solution was to come to London for emergency treatment—that became a shockingly common story under the previous Government.
As a first step, our integrated care board is putting 12 extra dentists into Peterborough and the surrounding towns to increase access.
Will the Minister update the House on progress and on how we will further improve access to NHS dentistry?
I am very pleased to hear about what my hon.
Friend’s ICB is doing.
Working with the dental sector, we will deliver measures to improve access, targeting areas that need it most.
Those measures include 700,000 additional urgent appointments and reform of the dental contract.
The golden hello scheme, which incentivises dentists to work in underserved areas, is under way across the country, and dentists are also being offered a new patient premium to treat new patients.
Does the Minister agree that it is unacceptable that more than 40,000 people in Fife are not registered with an NHS dentist?
Will he share any learning from this Government’s action to increase access to dentistry with his colleagues in the Scottish Government, and urge them to fulfil their responsibilities so that people in my constituency can get the dental treatment that they need?
Responsibility for dental services in Scotland is of course a matter for the Scottish Government, but Governments across the UK work together to spread best practice and deliver on our common goals.
The Scottish National party Government have an extra £1.5 billion this year, and £3.4 billion next year, through the Barnett formula.
I hope that they will prioritise health, including dentistry, and undo some of the damage that they themselves have done to dentistry in Scotland.
Some 37% of five-year-olds in Weston-super-Mare have enamel or dental decay—a figure well above the national average.
The Better Health North Somerset team does amazing work to promote good oral health, but regular dentist check-ups are the oral health silver bullet.
Will the Minister explain and outline the work he is doing to ensure that children in Weston and Worle and across the country get the dentistry service that they so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this vital issue.
Prevention is of course always better than cure, so I am very proud of the fact that we are introducing supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds in the most deprived communities and where there is the most unmet need.
We are also working to sort out the NHS contracts so we can ensure that children get the care they need.
Having training locally at the University of East Anglia is important for my constituents, but in the short term, what steps is the Minister taking to speed up the process by which dentists get on the dental performers list, so that they can work in the NHS and not just privately?
Is he also considering bringing in a provisional overseas registration scheme?