I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the question and pay tribute to the work being done by Guy’s and St Thomas’.
He is right to raise cyber-security.
That is why the capital investment announced by the Chancellor is welcome and necessary, and joint working across Government, including with security colleagues and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, is vital to keep patients’ data and information safe and to keep critical systems running.
When the Secretary of State reviews GP funding, will he also consider the burden that sits on GP practices when they have to hold the lease for their surgeries and what role integrated care boards could have in holding that risk, which is stopping the recruitment of GPs to join practices as partners?
NHS England currently accepts ICBs holding leases only as a last resort or by exception due to the significant capital required.
While we know that is not the most effective use of ICB resources, it is an important safeguard.
We are committed to fixing the front door of the NHS by supporting GPs and ICBs through, for example, the £100 million of capital funding announced at the Budget for GP estate upgrades.
My constituent Ollie Horobin’s life has been completely transformed after contracting covid, leaving him wheelchair-bound with a feeding tube and battling debilitating symptoms every single day.
His story is a stark reminder of the devastating impact that long covid can have.
Will the Minister commit to meeting Ollie and me to hear about his experience at first hand, and prioritise further research into the causes, treatments and long-term impacts of extreme long covid?
As somebody who still suffers from long covid, I know how debilitating and complex it can be, and I am committed to improving support for people affected by it.
There are now more than 100 long covid services across England, and £57 million is being invested in long covid research.
I recently co-chaired a roundtable on strategies to stimulate further research into treatments.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend and Ollie for further discussion.
Opt-out testing for HIV at A&E has been a great success since it was announced last year, particularly in identifying those who were not aware they had the disease and among difficult-to-reach communities.
Can the Health Secretary confirm whether the programme will continue?
Opt-out HIV testing has been a great success so far.
Of course, we will make further announcements on its future in due course.
I would like to say, as a former member of the HIV commission that made the representations to the previous Government, that he has me at a real advantage—or disadvantage, depending on the side of the spending fence.
I very much welcomed the approach taken by the previous Government, which this Government plan to continue.
Will the Secretary of State explain what plans he has—if any—to limit the scope of practice of anaesthetic associates and physician associates, about whom there has been such publicity lately?
Indeed there has.
Medical associate roles can and do play a valuable role in freeing up other clinicians’ time to do the things that only they can do, but there are legitimate concerns within the professions about scope of practice, doctor substitution and transparency for patients.
We need to grip that and address it.
We will have a further announcement to make about that shortly.
South Green surgery in my constituency has been given notice by its landlord that it has to move by the end of March next year.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to see what we can do to ensure that other facilities can be provided if available, or to do the best for those local patients?
That would be a matter for the right hon.
Gentleman’s ICB.
I know that he is new to the area, so I am happy to make some introductions.
My constituent Craig Eskrett was diagnosed with motor neurone disease 12 months ago.
He says that the services are there in the local NHS trust, but there is a distinct lack of co-ordination.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what improvements can be made to co-ordinate those services for sufferers of MND?
My hon.
Friend raises a real issue about how we join up the whole of the patient journey.
Once diagnosed, patients need appropriate treatment and wraparound care.
I am more than happy to meet him and his constituent.
At the weekend in Devon, I met a psychiatric nurse who previously worked in London and has been recruited to the south-west.
She does not have a start date, and is still subject to routine checks after waiting months.
Can the Secretary of State expedite these routine checks, given waiting lists for mental health?
Absolutely.
That is a good example of why investment needs to be matched with reform to speed things up, improve productivity and get staff to the frontline, where they want to be.
Last week, the chief executive of Forget Me Not children’s hospice visited Parliament with local dad Steve, whose son is supported by the hospice.
The hospice provides vital services to families such as Steve’s, but its services are at risk in the longer term without sustainable funding, including the NHS England children’s hospice grant.
Can the Health Secretary take urgent steps to improve funding for hospices?
I am grateful for the steps that my hon.
Friend is taking to make representations on behalf of her local children’s hospice, both on the Floor of the House and outside the Chamber.
I recognise the pressure she describes.
We are determined to help hospices to overcome them.
Can the Secretary of State confirm what assessment has been made of the number of women waiting for endometriosis surgery across the United Kingdom?
What has been done to reduce waiting lists?
As my hon.
Friend the Minister for Secondary Care said, the wait for women with common conditions such as endometriosis is far too long.
That is why we are taking steps to cut waiting times and stop the merry-go-round of repeat visits to the same clinician to get the same answer, until someone finally listens to what a woman has to say.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance about how this House can obtain answers from the Government, particularly the Department of Health and Social Care.
On Budget day I tabled a question asking what the changes to national insurance contributions would cost the NHS both directly and indirectly.
On  4 November  I got a holding answer, and on  11 November  I was given an answer that did not answer the question.
On  8 November  I tabled a question to break it down into small pieces.
Last night I received yet another holding answer.
We have had very little clarity from the Minister this morning.
Are we truly supposed to believe that, three weeks after their own Budget, which the Government took almost four months to prepare, they do not know or cannot quantify its effects?
[Interruption.]
Surely, it is a discourtesy not to provide the House with an answer to a written question, and incompetent not to know the answers— Order.
First of all, a point of order is meant to be short.
And I remind Members who are joining in that I do not need any help.
Could you please advise me, Mr Speaker, on how to get to the truth, so that this House and my constituents can understand the magnitude of the effect of these national insurance contribution changes on the NHS?
All hon.
Members on all sides of the House are entitled to answers.
I am sure that Government Members have heard what has been said about the failure to answer within time, and I am sure that it will be rectified.
We will leave the point of order at that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the Government’s response to the jailing of pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong.