I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
The read-out can be easily accessed.
I will not read out all of it, but I will underline the fact that it makes it very clear that the Prime Minister said that he wanted to engage “honestly and frankly” on those areas where we have different perspectives, including Hong Kong, human rights and Russia’s war in Ukraine.
That is taken directly from the read-out of the meeting.
As I said, there is also footage of it, which the hon.
Gentleman can easily access.
On sanctions, I refer him to my previous response.
So long as we are limited to saying how cross we all are about our different perspectives and the Minister keeps sanctions under review, China will take not a blind bit of notice, will it?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, I hope, that going into detail about sanctions in advance is extremely problematic for the entire sanctions system—it would reduce its effectiveness—which is why Governments of all complexions do not comment on future designations.
This is a bad day for human rights, but for the Hongkongers living in my constituency it is a frightening day.
Beyond the broad reassurances that the Minister has already  given, what specific action will the Government take  to protect Hongkongers living in the UK from state surveillance?
I recognise the concern that will be caused by this matter, as articulated by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang) .
The UK Government are absolutely resolute in our determination to ensure that BNOs are able to live their lives freely, and without prejudice or fear, in our country.
We remain absolutely committed to upholding their human rights, and we will continue to do so.
If there are specific instances of concern, I would be grateful if the hon.
Gentleman informed me of them.
My constituent and friend, Sir Henry Keswick, who died earlier this month, was for many years the chairman of Jardine Matheson.
He was a great believer in the opportunity for good relations between this country and China.
There is an awful inevitability in the fact that, the day after the Prime Minister met the Chinese President and declared a new era of positive relations, the Sino-British declaration was comprehensively breached.
Does the pragmatic relationship that the Prime Minister thinks he can have with China include getting assurances that the national security law will not jeopardise the interests and welfare of British businesses and employees working in Hong Kong?