Last week, I visited Summertown health centre.
Staff there implored me to say to the Government that the issue is not just more money—we welcome the £100 million that has been allocated for capital investment in primary care—but the snarled-up process at integrated care board level and getting investment to the right places quickly.
What will the Secretary of State’s Government do to ensure ICBs deliver that money to where it is needed, and fast?
The Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee is right that investment is vital, but so is reform.
We tasked ICBs with leading the development of the new neighbourhood health service.
We are removing their responsibility for performance management of trusts in order to free up their focus, so that primary and community services have the attention that is desperately needed.
In the coming weeks, we will be talking to the British Medical Association and the Royal College of General Practitioners about how we ensure the investment announced by the Chancellor leads to improved patient care and a reformed neighbourhood health service.
Goff’s Oak, in my constituency of Broxbourne, has seen a lot of development.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that GP surgeries are delivered before hundreds of new homes are built?
Of course we need to deliver both new homes and GP surgeries, but the previous Conservative Government delivered neither.
We have a housing crisis and an NHS crisis in this country; I would have thought Conservative Members might have shown some humility and responsibility for those facts before challenging a Government who have been in office for only four months.
In Cornwall, only 25% of delayed discharges from hospital are because of lack of social care packages, with the remainder involving the significant degree of support needed from primary and community NHS services.
The Royal College of Nursing has pointed out that there has been a 45% reduction in district nurses in the last decade, so what can the Government do to replace those essential roles at a primary care level?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
Last weekend, I was up in Middlesbrough with local Members, where we saw a great example of hospital at home delivered by the community nursing team and the community health trust.
We have to do a lot more in that space to ensure we provide care closer to peoples’ homes—indeed, often in the home—keeping them out of hospital and close to home, which is better for them and better value for the taxpayer.