We are deeply concerned by the sentencing of the NSL45.
Beijing’s assault on fundamental liberties in Hong Kong—liberties that it is obliged to preserve under the joint declaration—continues.
We have a moral duty to stand with Hongkongers, not least Jimmy Lai.
I met his son Sebastian last week.
His father has been held for in solitary confinement for more than four years, despite a serious health condition.
Does the Minister understand that meeting Chinese Ministers, as the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have in the last month, without setting out any consequences gives China the green light to continue?
We saw under the Conservatives that this passive approach yielded no results, so does the Minister agree that there should be no further ministerial meetings until these human rights abuses are addressed, and specifically, does she agree that there should be no visit by the Chancellor to Beijing until Jimmy Lai is released?
The Foreign Secretary has also met the family of Jimmy Lai and, like all of us on this side of the House, is deeply concerned about his situation.
Jimmy Lai is, of course, 76 years old, and there are deep concerns about his welfare.
The UK is absolutely clear about the fact that he must be released immediately.
I have to say, however, that I do not agree in any way with the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the current UK Government’s approach.
During the latter years of the previous Government we saw what was arguably a passive approach and a lack of engagement, with no meetings and visits, and that was not the right approach to take.
It followed the golden era when there was a very different approach—an approach, some would say, that was not clear-eyed.
The current Government are instead being consistent.
We are engaging where it is necessary to challenge as well as engaging where it is necessary to compete and, indeed, to co-operate.
That is the right approach when it comes to these matters of human rights, as well as our relationship with China more broadly.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Hong Kong, I thank Ministers for their efforts and recognise the efforts of the Prime Minister.
However, after nearly four years in solitary confinement for Jimmy Lai and with a trial beginning in a court that we know will only ever find him guilty, at what point does the delicate diplomacy have to give way to something more like a demand for his freedom?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his recognition of that engagement.
As I mentioned a few moments ago, the UK Government are deeply concerned about Jimmy Lai’s situation, but we have been crystal clear—and that includes the clarity provided by the Prime Minister, which, in respect of this issue as well as others, was very much in evidence during his meeting at the G20.
I have sat watching both Governments on this one, and I do not think that any Government have the right to accuse the party that was formerly in power and talk about what it got wrong, because that Government got it all wrong and this one are getting it all wrong as well.
The key point is this.
The Minister has referred to all those who have been incarcerated but particularly to Jimmy Lai, who is in solitary confinement.
Yesterday, when the Prime Minister rightly started to raise the issue of Jimmy Lai and human rights, all the journalists were cleared out of the room straightaway because the Chinese Government did not want them to hear what he was saying.
Just before that meeting, President Xi said that China would “brook no interference” when it came to democracy and human rights, and that is one of his four red lines.
I put this question simply to the Minister: does she not think that without some kind of sanction, China will go on and on?
America has sanctioned many senior officials in Hong Kong for these abuses, and we have sanctioned none.
Does she not think it is time for us to say, “We will sanction someone if you do not stop”?
I believe it is appropriate to make relative judgments so that we can assess the right way forward for the UK’s relationship with China.
That is why the UK Government are conducting an audit of our relationship with China so that we can have a consistent approach.
We believe that is incredibly important, so I am afraid that I respectfully do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
I had a ringside seat for some of the actions of the previous Government during the golden era, and for what was suggested then around trade protections.
We need to move forward with a more clear-eyed approach, and the UK Government could not have been clearer on these matters of human rights, including the Prime Minister himself, as the right hon.
Gentleman just acknowledged.
On sanctions, he will understand, of course, that I will not speculate on future designations, as to do so could reduce their impact, but I can reassure him that the FCDO continues to keep potential sanctions designations under close review.
Over 5,000 Hong Kong families have settled in Reading over the past few years, including in my constituency, and I have stood alongside Hong Kong activists in peaceful demonstrations here in the UK.
The onerous sentencing of pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong will give people a broad reason to fear transnational repression and continued harassment here in the UK.
Can the Minister assure us that she will work to upkeep not only the BNO visa programme and the path to citizenship, but the civil liberties of Hongkongers here in the UK who may be at risk of transnational repression?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I have read her fascinating book, which covers human rights in China, and she is clearly an expert on these matters, as well as having constituency experience.
The UK Government’s view is that any form of harassment is unacceptable and that political freedoms must be retained, including in the UK and, above all, for BNOs.
We will continue to ensure that that is the case.
In 2023 the Hong Kong police issued arrest warrants for eight overseas activists under the national security law.
What are Ministers doing to challenge the extraterritorial reach of the national security law?
We were very clear, as were the previous Government, at the time of the passage of that law.
We believe it is incredibly important that people in Hong Kong and beyond are able to exercise political rights and, indeed, to participate politically.
All that the group of individuals who have just been sentenced were doing was exercising their right to political participation.
We will resolutely defend that right, including in the UK and elsewhere.
I look forward to the Minister’s report on the audit of the relationship with China and of the continuum of actions, from sanctions onwards, that the Government are looking at.
In the meantime, may I ask the Minister to raise with the Chinese Government the case of Carol Ng Man-yee, who is a colleague of mine in Unite and a Labour party member?
She was involved in organising for Unite in the disputes with British Airways over the years, and she became president of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions.
She stood in the primaries and lost, but then took no further action.
She was sentenced to four years and five months.
May I ask the Government to raise her case, and particularly the need for her to have visits from her family and her trade union rep, so that we can impress upon the Chinese Government that, in addition to our lobbying for her release, we need to ensure that there is humanitarian treatment of such prisoners?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his support for the Government’s ongoing audit of our relationship with China, and for the information that he has provided about one of the individuals who has been sentenced in China.
I am aware that an Australian citizen is among those who have been sentenced, but I was not aware of the information provided by my right hon.
Friend about his colleague who has been sentenced for her work in the UK.
It is very helpful to be aware of that, and I would be grateful if he sent me more information about this matter.
Today I brought together 118 parliamentarians from 24 countries and the EU to call for the Chinese Communist party to immediately release Jimmy Lai.
It is extraordinary for the Prime Minister to meet Xi Jinping in the same week that Jimmy’s sham trial resumes, yet the Prime Minister used just 13 words in support of Jimmy’s cause in his meeting with Xi—and no, he did not call for Jimmy’s release; he just mentioned his poor health.
What we learned was that the Government have called in plans for a new Chinese Communist party mega-embassy as a favour to Xi, and at his request.
Why?
I am sure that the hon.
Lady, with her considerable experience, will be well aware of the fact that the Prime Minister was at the G20 leaders’ summit, which every member of the G20 attended.
I am sure that she will be aware of how these meetings work.
On the embassy to which she refers, it is standard for applications to be called in if they affect other Governments.
Calling in the application should not be taken as any indication of our views on the merits of the scheme.
As this case will be determined by Ministers in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, it would not be appropriate for me to comment further.
I was pleased to sign the letter from parliamentarians of 24 countries that  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  just mentioned, and I thank the Minister for confirming that a meeting took place with Sebastien and the Foreign Secretary.
Can the Minister outline how we will work with other countries in a concerted, co-ordinated effort?
As we have heard, many of them have individuals in arbitrary detention in Hong Kong.
How can we co-ordinate across those countries to get the release of activists such as Jimmy Lai?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the need for co-ordination.
Obviously, there has been co-ordination among parliamentarians, which has been very positive to see, and the UK Government will continue to co-operate with others on these issues.
We have also worked with other countries’ Governments on cases involving dual nationals.