I am happy to confirm that it is my view that, when there are too many targets and everything is being measured, nothing ends up being measured.
We need to give more freedom and autonomy to good leaders, including clinical leaders and managers in the NHS who are coming up with some of the best productivity gains in the system.
That is why we have announced new support for, and investment in, the college of leadership for both clinical and executive leaders in the NHS.
I would be delighted to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss those issues.
He was a great Chair of the Health and Social Care Select Committee, but back in July, we saw a great example of how we can improve things by sacking bad managers.
One of the lessons from the pandemic is the importance of NHS communications.
Last week, I joined victims of the sodium valproate scandal to hand in a petition.
They tried to download from the website the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency’s yellow card adverse drug reactions literature, but were unable to do  so.
Will the Secretary of State look at this as a matter of urgency?
People need to be warned about the risks of taking certain drugs.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, I am a great champion of patient power, and a key part of giving patients more power and control over their healthcare is better access to information.
That is why, as well as improvements to the NHS app—which will provide far easier interaction with the NHS for patients—I am working with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology to make sure all the information held by Government is more accessible for our citizens, particularly where that includes vital safety information and guidance, as the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on health and care services.
Thanks to the decisions that the Chancellor took in the Budget, we are able to provide an additional £26 billion to give the NHS the funding it needs.
This will support the NHS in England, enabling it to deliver an extra 40,000 appointments a week to cut waiting lists.
Of course, for my hon.
Friend and her constituents, the Budget has given Scotland the biggest real-terms increase in funding through the Barnett formula since devolution began.
I hope the Scottish Government will use that investment to deliver improved services for the Scottish people.
The Labour party is the party of the NHS, and the significant additional investment announced in the recent Budget has reaffirmed that.
The Secretary of State has made it very clear in this question session that the benefits of that additional funding must be felt across the UK.
Will he join me in urging the Scottish Government to ensure that that funding reaches the frontline and creates the badly needed additional appointments in GP, dental and hospital services that my constituents and people across Scotland badly need?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
It is thanks to the people of Scotland sending 37 Labour Members of Parliament here at the last election—not only have they shown that they value the NHS and are demanding change, but they voted for change—that we are now delivering that change through the Budget.
I say to Scottish Government Ministers that, as they know, I said before the election that all roads lead to Westminster and that we all suffered under the Conservative Government, but this year that road is carrying an extra £1.5 billion to the Scottish Government and next year it will carry an extra £3.4 billion to the Scottish Government, so they have no excuse not to act.
Approximately 220,000 people currently reside in the Solihull borough, and if Government planning reforms go through, the number will increase significantly.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Solihull West and Shirley (Dr Shastri-Hurst)  and I have written to the Health  Secretary about the need for infrastructure and A&E services at Solihull hospital.
Will he agree to meet us to see how we can make this Budget work for the people of Solihull?
I know, not least because of the mismanagement of the NHS during the last 14 years, that communities right across the country, including the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents in Solihull, are struggling with poor services and crumbling estates.
We would be happy to receive representations from him, but he has to level with his constituents.
If he wants money to be spent in his community, he must support the investment and be honest about the fact that he supports the means of raising it.
If he does not support the means of raising it, he should tell us where that investment would come from.
We have been very slow to get to topicals, so let us see if we can speed it up.
Dan Tomlinson will set a good example.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This weekend, we launched the first in-person consultation as part of change.nhs.uk, the biggest national conversation about the future of the NHS we have ever seen.
We know that the Leader of the Opposition wants a conversation about whether the NHS is free at the point of use, and I can tell her, from that first conversation, that no one agreed with her.
Earlier this month, I visited Barnet hospital to see the way in which it is changing the emergency care department so that more patients can be seen more quickly, freeing up capacity in accident and emergency.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that trusts such as the Royal Free and others across the country get the support they need, through investment and reform, to improve patient care?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
The Royal Free hospital saved my life when I went through kidney cancer, so it holds a special place in my heart.
Thanks to the Chancellor’s decision and the investment she put into the NHS at the Budget,  and the reform my Department is delivering, we will deliver the change and improvement that his constituents and mine, and the rest of the country, deserve.