Mr. KEATING.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the life of Michael C. Hayes.
Born on August 23, 1950, Michael was raised in Scituate, Massachusetts by his parents, Miriam and Robert Hayes.
He attended Thayer Academy in Braintree and graduated from Boston College and Suffolk Law School.
Infected with polio in 1955, Michael lived the remainder of his life in leg braces, serving as an inspiration to all and guiding his lifelong commitment to working for tolerance and acceptance of all people.
After graduating from law school in 1975, Michael, a third-generation lawyer, practiced law alongside his brother, Joe, and his cousin, John, and later went on to serve as an Assistant District Attorney for Plymouth County.
After a short time in California, Michael returned to his hometown to practice law on Front Street in Scituate Harbor.
Throughout his legal career, he always sought to help those in need.
Not only did Michael establish himself as a pillar of the community through his work as an attorney, but he was also a devoted public servant.
First elected to the Scituate School Committee in 1988 in the wake of Proposition 2\1/2\ budget cuts, Michael proudly served Scituate's students until choosing not to run for re-election in 1994.
He was recognized by the Scituate Town Meeting in 1995 for his ``his untiring and diligent efforts to secure the funding necessary to support and maintain excellence in public education despite pressing economic constraints.''
Michael returned to the school committee in 1998 and oversaw the construction of the new Jenkins School and an extensive renovation of Scituate High School and championed the funding for programs dear to him, including the arts and the METCO program.
In 2014, Michael chose not to seek re-election and took a step back to concentrate on his health.
Ever committed to Scituate's schools, Michael returned once more, beginning his third tenure on the School Committee in 2016, which saw the opening of the new Gates School in 2017.
Michael won his tenth and final term on the School Committee in 2019.
Sadly, Michael left us too soon on August 21, 2023, leaving behind his children Patrick, Lucy, and Fred, and his five granddaughters, Chelsea, Lena, June, Iris, and Willow.
Michael was predeceased by his daughter Heidi Rose.