Mrs. GONZALEZ-COLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to our Nation's prisoners of war and those who are missing in action.
``Though not here, their sacrifice is not forgotten'' is the official phrase for the 2023 POW-MIA day that this year falls on September 15.
These heartfelt words serve as a reminder that there still are families that hope for the safe return of their loved ones that are missing in action and the wellbeing of those who were prisoners of war.
Among those whose sacrifice will not be forgotten are over 130 Missing in Action service members and almost half a dozen of former Prisoners For Puerto Rican families, these words are more significant when we remember that families extend beyond the immediate relations of the spouse and children of the service member.
The pain of the loss and the hope that the loved one will return to the ``familia'' spreads from the immediate nucleus into endless tree branches of the extended family.
Conscious of this feeling it is important that we remember that while the missing served the Nation, hundreds of families miss them and plead that the sacrifice of their loved ones is not forgotten.
Puerto Ricans who were called to serve in distant lands under the most difficult conditions sacrificed everything, convinced that by fighting for the freedom of others they were preserving and guaranteeing the freedom, prosperity and democracy of their loved ones and of our country.
Inspired by these ideas they performed feats of courage that surprised their enemies and earned them the respect of their brothers in arms and the recognition of their superior commands, creating a legacy of service that is difficult to emulate.
As time passes and the memory of the POW and MIA begin to fade, we run the risk of forgetting the sacrifice of the Missing in Action and the scars of their time as Prisoners.
I encourage my congressional colleagues to make a solemn pledge to continually strive to never forget the honorable legacy of our POW and MIA and ensure that future generations never forget their sacrifice.