My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport made a statement to the House at the time, where she committed that the Government would update the House as soon as the relevant investigations had concluded.
That is why I am making this statement before the House on the day that NESO’s report has been published.
Before I update the House on the key findings of the review, I reassure hon.
Members that the Government are taking action in response to the report.
We will urgently consider the findings of the review and have committed to publish a Government response that will set out a plan on how the issues identified will be addressed in order to improve our energy resilience.
Having reviewed the report, I am deeply concerned—I am sure hon.
Members will agree—that known risks were not addressed by National Grid Electricity Transmission, a key operator of our electricity system.
NGET’s own guidance is clear, and based on the elevated moisture samples that NGET took in 2018, the asset should have remained out of service until mitigating actions were put in place, or the asset should have been carefully monitored until it could be replaced.
NGET failed to take action appropriate to the severity of the risk at North Hyde.
That was most likely the cause of the catastrophic fire on  20 March .
I spoke to NGET this morning and made it clear that the findings are unacceptable and that action must be taken to ensure that maintenance work on critical assets is prioritised appropriately.
Fire suppression systems must not be left inoperable.
I am pleased to see that the regulator is taking swift action in response to the findings, announcing today that it is opening an official enforcement investigation into NGET.
Ofgem will consider any possible licence condition breaches relating to the development and maintenance of National Grid Electricity Transmission’s electricity system at North Hyde.
I spoke with Ofgem yesterday to express my support for that investigation and the planned audit of National Grid’s critical substation assets.
That will be essential to understanding any other potential risks on the network and ensuring that those are being mitigated appropriately.