As Chair of the Select Committee and the ITV all-party parliamentary group, last night we hosted an event in Parliament with ITV and UTV there.
What conversations is the Minister having with public sector broadcasters like ITV about future investment in Northern Ireland?
Many different types of business—not only public sector broadcasters, but tech companies, fintech, cyber-security and advanced manufacturing, such as Catagen, which I met last week—are all part of the strong ecosystem in Northern Ireland.
The fact that broadcasters can talk to advanced manufacturers which can talk to others makes Northern Ireland such a fantastic place to invest in, and I am glad that that is being highlighted in the House of Commons today.
Britain leads the world in the gene editing of crops.
This technology enables our farmers to produce disease and drought-resistant crops, reduce costs and increase food production.
The UK-EU trade agreement means Britain has to follow EU rules on sanitary and phytosanitary laws.
Will the Minister give the House an assurance that the agreement will not slow that technology in Britain?
That is why the Secretary of State has been extolling and making clear how important the SPS agreement is.
We are not taking our foot off the pedal in any way towards that.
It is not only agri-science, but life sciences that are leading the way for Northern  Ireland and the UK and across the world.
We want to ensure that we continue to support them in every way we can.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the adequacy of the level of funding for Northern Ireland in the spending review 2025.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the adequacy of the level of funding for Northern Ireland in the spending review 2025.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on the adequacy of the level of funding for Northern Ireland in the spending review 2025.
I regularly meet the Northern Ireland Finance Minister to discuss funding.
The Government will provide Northern Ireland with a record settlement of £19.3 billion per year on average—the largest in the history of devolution—and the Executive will also continue to receive over 24% more per person, in line with their independently assessed level of need.
Does the Secretary of State agree that record funding for Northern Ireland through the spending review reflects this Government’s broader commitment to fairer funding across the UK, including in areas like Cornwall, where rurality, seasonal pressures and historical underfunding are finally being recognised, and that many in Cornwall would welcome the opportunity to further shape our own future through a level of devolution closer to that enjoyed in Northern Ireland?
The spending review settlement does indeed reflect the Government’s commitment to providing resources right across the United Kingdom.
A year ago, people were saying there was going to be a fiscal cliff edge, but the money being made available for Northern Ireland means that no one is saying that now.
Thank you for calling me, Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
Order.
There is no need to run through the Chamber, Mr Morgan—that is in very bad taste.
I apologise, Mr Speaker.
Local growth funding has provided vital investment for many communities across Northern Ireland in recent years.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the new local growth fund will give sectors across Northern Ireland the long-awaited security they need?
My hon.
Friend will have noticed the funding made available for local growth.
As part of the spending review, discussions on the fiscal framework will be taken forward by the Chief Secretary to the Treasury and the Department of Finance, to talk about things like the Holtham review and capital borrowing by the Northern Ireland Housing Executive.
Whether it is Stoke-on-Trent in the west midlands or the proud communities in Northern Ireland, the spending review anticipates helping to create good jobs and industrial improvement.
Will the Secretary of State set out how the spending review will help to improve the industrial base in Northern Ireland?
The spending review gives the Northern Ireland Executive more funds to disperse as they see fit.
It comes alongside the publication of the industrial strategy, the funds that the Government are making available and the £30 million that will come to Northern Ireland through UK Research and Innovation.
There is funding available and there is great wealth, talent and potential in Northern Ireland to make the best use of it.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact of Barnett funding on health in Northern Ireland, given that the Northern Ireland Department of Health’s financial bid falls below requested and required levels each year?
It is important that we have funding for health, so will the Secretary of State outline what that will be?
The Government make funding available to the Northern Ireland Executive through the block grant.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, it is for the Northern Ireland Executive to decide how they distribute the money between all the needs in Northern Ireland, including health, where of course there are significant pressures.
The public services transformation funding that the last Government made available is now beginning to be used to reform some of the ways in which the health service works.