The Minister once said: “The people of Chagos must be at the heart of decisions about their future” —[Official Report,  28 October 2015 ; Vol. 601, c. 192WH.]
but this surrender treaty betrays them.
He has betrayed them, leaving any decisions on resettlement and support through the trust fund in the hands of Mauritius.
With a legal case ongoing, will the Minister extend the CRAG process until all legal challenges have concluded?
Will the Minister finally admit that Labour made October’s bad deal even weaker by giving up the unilateral right to extend the lease on the base and ditching the clause authorising the UK to exercise sovereign rights?
The Prime Minister of Mauritius has said that it has done that, so will the Minister finally admit it?
Will the Minister confirm that there are no guarantees that the current levels of marine protections will continue?
There is too much ambiguity; we have not had clarity.
There are no guarantees on security or on safeguarding, unanswered questions about notification requirements around the base, and no guarantees that Mauritius will not pursue further lawfare to stop operations at the base if it thinks they contravene international law, including trying to block nuclear weapons, as the Pelindaba treaty now applies to the Chagos islands.
The Minister should scrap this treaty or at least have the courage to bring it here for a proper debate, full scrutiny and finally a vote in this House.
I genuinely have to say, as somebody who has respect for and likes the right hon.
Lady, that I am disappointed by the tone of those remarks.
I do not know who writes this stuff; I do not know whether it is just performative politics, or rhetoric—I don’t know what.
I should point out that I have received and answered over 100 written parliamentary questions from the right hon.
Lady.
I have answered over 250 questions in total on the deal and the process.
We have had no fewer than six urgent questions in this House.
We have had two statements from the Government, from the Foreign Secretary and the Defence Secretary.
I personally briefed the right hon.
Lady and answered many of her questions in my office just a couple of weeks ago, in good faith and in detail.
I have been subjected, quite rightly, to robust scrutiny on these issues not only by the Foreign Affairs Committee, but by the International Relations and Defence Committee and the International Agreements Committee in the other House, in great detail.
I do not know whether the right hon.
Lady and her team are simply not reading the transcripts or the answers to the questions, but I have repeatedly answered them.
She might not like the answers, Mr Speaker, but I have answered these questions.
I have set out the position on costs.
I have set out the position on the security arrangements.
I have set out the position on the vetoes that we have.
The fact is that this deal secures this base, and it secures our national security and that of our allies.
It is absolutely right that it has had proper scrutiny, and there will be a vote, because there will be a vote on the legislation that we will put before the House in due course.
On a recent visit to Washington with the Foreign Affairs Committee, I was struck by the support expressed by the US Government for the deal to secure the long-term future of the military base on Diego Garcia.
Alongside the US, our Five Eyes allies support the deal, NATO supports the deal, and India supports the deal.
Does the Minister agree that the Opposition would do well to listen to our closest neighbours and allies instead of trying to play party politics with our national security?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
National security is the top priority of this Government, and working with our crucial allies, including the United States, is key to that.
He is absolutely right to point out the support that was gained for this deal through a full and detailed inter-agency process in the United States, at the highest levels of the Administration, as well as the support from our Five Eyes partners and from India.
The fact is that this deal secures the base and secures our capabilities, and it would not have been signed off if it did not do that.