Does the Minister agree that the strength of Northern Ireland’s tech sector means that it can play a huge part in becoming an AI superpower, supported by this Government?
However, as we have heard in the Northern Ireland Committee, chaired by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) , there is a huge link between online safety and the rates of domestic abuse that we are seeing in Northern Ireland.
Can the Minister comment on how we can support and develop the sector while keeping women and girls safe?
We know that violence against women and girls is an epidemic, and online safety is an important part of that.
Coupled with Northern Ireland being an AI superpower, as my hon.
Friend rightly says, there are opportunities for AI companies, many of which I have met, to work on the tech to ensure that perpetrators are caught, that justice is done and that we ensure that online safety is taken extremely seriously.
The work that will be done in the industrial strategy to promote AI work—with the new AI growth zones, for example—can ensure that we lock that in.
Tech businesses are huge in my central London constituency, and I recognise that for the UK to do well, we need London to continue thriving and for Northern Ireland and the rest of the country to succeed, too.
Can the Minister assure me that the full benefits of the new industrial strategy will support companies in Northern Ireland and that this Government are generating business opportunities in every corner of the United Kingdom?
The industrial strategy is good news for Northern Ireland.
It is a bold long-term plan to give businesses and investors the certainty they need to thrive.
The eight sectors of the strategy map well with Northern Ireland’s world-class strengths, including advanced manufacturing, cyber, defence, the creative industries, life sciences and financial services.
For each of those, there is increased UK-wide funding opportunities and, in Northern Ireland, specific funds on cyber-security, advanced manufacturing and the £30 million of that all-important R&D investment for innovation.