The Minister has just set out the scrutiny that this matter has received in various places, but I was really taken by the number of questions that he said he had received from the shadow Foreign Secretary on this subject.
Can he tell me how many questions he has received on other matters of global importance?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Since the treaty was laid, I have had 50 written questions from the right hon.
Lady.
In comparison, I have had four on Gibraltar, two on Ukraine, and one on Poland.
He is right that this matter has received scrutiny.
I am not being funny, but it is amazing that the Minister had those figures to hand.
The hon.
Gentleman, for whom I have a huge amount of respect, keeps saying that the Government had no choice but to do this deal.
I do not believe that to be true.
My successor, Lord Cameron, did not believe that to be true either, which is why neither he nor I signed off an agreement.
Will the Minister please explain to the House in detail why he believed that he had no choice, including what body, at what time, and with what jurisdiction?
In the interests of time, I refer the right hon.
Member to the detailed evidence that I gave in the House of Lords on this matter the other day, including on the legal circumstances.
He knows the risk  to the operation of the base in the medium and short term, and he recognises the risk of a binding legal judgment, which we believed to be inevitable.
His Government knew that, which is why they started the process.
He may not have been able to conclude the deal—I accept that, Mr. Speaker—but the previous Government went through 11 rounds of negotiations because they recognised the importance of doing this deal.
They knew that securing the facility was crucial to our national security.
We put our national security and securing this base first, and that has met with the approval of the United States and other Five Eyes allies.
I have to admit that I am rather confused, because I am sure that the shadow Foreign Secretary was in the Cabinet when the decision was made to start these negotiations.
Too often, we focus on the military aspects of this deal, but can the Minister confirm that it will also end a dangerous, irregular migration route into the UK?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This Government took early action—even before the conclusion of the deal—to ensure that that route was closed down by the memorandum of understanding that we reached with St Helena, for which I again thank St Helena.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I was rightly scrutinised by this House on that.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right on that point, and that is why we have done this deal.
Can the Minister tell the House why he thinks China supports this deal?
I have been very clear on this: the United States, our Five Eyes partners and India support this deal.
Mauritius was one of the few countries not to join the belt and road initiative.
It is very clear that the deal is in the interests of our security and that of our allies—otherwise, the United States would not have agreed to it in the first place.
Clearly, language such as “surrender” is inflammatory and inappropriate.
Conservative Members of this House wax lyrical and make a song and dance about national security.
Will my hon.
Friend remind them that on their watch, our armed forces were hollowed out, with the Army reaching its smallest size since the Napoleonic wars, and spending never once reached 2.5%?
Is it not true that Labour is the party of strong defence and strong national security?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Whether it is in the ambitious agenda for national security and defence set out in the strategic defence review, in the unity and leadership we showed at the NATO summit last week, or in securing our crucial national security bases, including Diego Garcia, this Government are leading from the front when it comes to national security.
Quite frankly, the Conservative party is showing some brass neck after hollowing out our armed forces, leaving this deal undone and so many other things.
I simply do not understand it, Mr. Speaker.
I simply ask the Minister the same question that I asked when he first came to the House on this matter.
In relation to the cost consequences of this deal, he knows that the lion’s share of the interest lies with the military base on Diego Garcia.
Therefore, what contribution is the United States making to the very significant costs of compensating the Mauritian people?
The United States makes significant and crucial contributions to the operations from Diego Garcia.
They are of a quantum much greater than the cost that we will pay in relation to the base under this deal.
The benefit to the United Kingdom, the United States and our allies is priceless, and this Government will not scrimp on our national security.
The cost of this deal is equivalent to a quarter of 1% of our defence budget, and that is in the context of a Government who have made the highest sustained increase in defence spending since the cold war.
When the Minister speaks to our international friends and allies, what is their message about the work that we are doing to restore confidence in national security and our reputation on the global stage?
And what message should the Opposition take from those conversations?
I repeatedly hear a strong vote of confidence in our investment in national security and defence, whether it is from our European partners or from the United States.
One just has to look at our leadership at the NATO summit and our ongoing support for Ukraine, which we agree on across the House.
My hon.
Friend asks about the value and the costs.
I have set out the costs on a number of occasions, but, as he says, it is just a fraction of 1% of our annual defence budget.
It would pay to run the NHS for just five hours.
It also compares favourably with other allies.
For example, France pays approximately €85 million a year for its base in Djibouti.
Diego Garcia is 15 times larger and the capabilities are priceless.