First of all, can I take this opportunity to congratulate  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  on being the toady of the week, helping the Prime Minister?
[Interruption.]
Order.
There are a load of people wanting to catch my eye today.
There are some free hits on the Government Benches—hon.
Members should not waste their opportunity.
It has been a difficult week for the Prime Minister, so let us start with something simple.
Can he tell the House how much his welfare Bill is going to save?
Let me start by saying that free school meals matter on this side of the House.
In relation to welfare, what we delivered last night was a Bill that ends mandatory reassessment of those with severe disabilities.
That is the right thing to do.
It rebalances universal credit—that is long overdue—and it sets out a pathway to reform of the personal independence payment.
It is consistent with the principles I set out  throughout: if you can work, you should work; if you need help into work, the state should provide that help—the system that the Conservatives broke does not do so; and if you cannot work—[Interruption.]
Order.
There are one or two Members who I can spot immediately: the usual voices, the same names.
Please—it is too early to leave the Chamber.
If you cannot work, you must be supported and protected.
The reformed welfare system that we are putting in place will be better for individuals, better for the taxpayer and better for the economy.
I do not think the Prime Minister actually watched what happened in the House yesterday—his Bill was completely gutted.
There was a U-turn in the middle of the debate, removing clause 5.
Where on earth was he?
He cannot answer the question because he knows his Bill does not save any money; it is going to cost millions.
This is the first Prime Minister in history to propose a Bill to save money who ended up with a Bill that costs money.
If the Bill does not cut welfare spending, can the Prime Minister tell the House how many people it will get into work?
I am glad that the Leader of the Opposition has asked that, because it gives me the opportunity to say that we have already started changing the jobcentres and investing in support back into work.
The Trailblazer scheme is doing exactly what she asked me: getting people back into work.
Last night’s Bill will help people back into work, and of course the Timms review is ongoing, but I will tell the House what will not help people back into work and what will not help control the costs: voting to keep the broken system, and that is what the Conservatives did last night.
Everybody in this House accepts that the current system is broken.
It invites the question, “Who broke it?”
The Conservatives broke it, and last night they voted for the status quo.
The broken system is their policy.
That will not help individuals, it will not help the taxpayer and it certainly will not help the economy.
I will tell the Prime Minister what we did on welfare.
[Interruption.]
Why are Labour Members laughing?
They do not know.
My party delivered the biggest reform of welfare in government.
We got record numbers of people into work, including millions of disabled people, and we cut the deficit every year until covid.
The fact is that we are not scared of doing difficult things.
We got people back into work.
What the Prime Minister forgets is that since the election—since he became Prime Minister—an additional 1,000 people a day are signing on to incapacity benefit.
That is 50% more than under us.
Astonishingly, because of the mess that the Government made yesterday—because there are no more savings—sickness benefits alone are set to rise to £100 billion on the Prime Minister’s watch.
He cannot reduce that now—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr McKee, I think we have had a run-in before.
I certainly do not want any more.
Seriously—you are obviously not getting your timing right, because I can hear your voice every time.
I will start again, Mr Speaker.
[Interruption.]
Yes, and louder for those at the back: sickness benefits are set to rise to £100 billion because of the Government’s mess.
They cannot now reduce that, because after last night’s humiliating U-turn, we know that the Prime Minister cannot control his MPs.
They are cheering now, but I can point out Labour Members who signed the amendment: you did, and you did.
Over 100 people signed that reasoned amendment until the Bill was completely gutted.
The Prime Minister said that he would take the difficult decisions, but is the reality not that he is too weak to get anything done?
I will tell the right hon.
Lady what the Conservatives did to the welfare system—they broke it.
It is the same with the NHS.
What did they do?
They broke it.
It is the same with the economy.
What did they do?
They broke it.
They broke everything that they touched.
Now she describes the broken system that we are trying to fix.
What did she do?
She voted against fixing the system.
I will spell it out: they voted last night for the system that is keeping 1 million young people not learning or earning.
That is a disgrace.
They voted for a system where we have 3 million people out of work on ill health.
They voted for that system; we are fixing it.
We are clearing up the mess that they left, just like we are clearing up the NHS and the economy.