The shambolic process of securing this deal has left many questions for the House, but the glaring omission at the heart of that negotiation has been the failure by successive Governments to properly consult the Chagossian people.
For much of their history, Chagossians have been denied consultation on who governs them and their right to self-determination.
We Liberal Democrats now fear that in handing over the sovereignty of the  islands to Mauritius without properly reflecting the interests of Chagossians, the Government are only reinforcing that legacy.
The right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  criticises the actions of Liberal Democrat peers in the other place, yet only the Liberal Democrats championed the rights of the Chagossian people and secured a commitment from the Government to make statements to both Houses on their approach before ratification.
In the light of those shortcomings, it is wrong that the Government have not brought the treaty to this House for scrutiny.
Will the Minister reverse that decision today and give parliamentarians the opportunity to assess and vote on the final deal?
I genuinely thank the hon.
Gentleman for the generally constructive way in which he and his colleagues have approached the process.
He is absolutely right to speak about the Chagossians.
Indeed, as I have pointed out many times, the Chagossians’ interest in this matter has been at the heart of our discussions.
We have the trust fund; we have the agreement to start visits again.
Of course, Mauritius will be able to restart a programme of resettlement.
He has heard the remarks made by my noble Friends in the other place, in response to the questions that his honourable colleagues raised.
We have been very clear about what we will do in that regard, and I hold to that here today.
I have to challenge the suggestion that the treaty has not received scrutiny.
It is receiving scrutiny right now.
It has been receiving scrutiny in the Foreign Affairs Committee, it has received scrutiny in the other place, and it has received scrutiny through parliamentary questions.
It is receiving scrutiny and it is absolutely right that it does.