The Minister rightly says that the base on Diego Garcia is vital for our national security, and we all agree on that.
The key issue is what notification has to be given to the Mauritius Government for the base to be used for operational purposes.
My hon.
Friend the Minister of State for the Armed Forces has replied to multiple questions on this topic, as have I. Indeed, I answered these questions in the due scrutiny that I received the other day.
We do not have to provide notification in advance.
The treaty refers to “expeditiously” informing after the event, and that is absolutely the normal course of business.
I am clear that the operations and the operational autonomy of this base are secure under this deal.
It is amazing that we are to give up an important security base without it being necessary to do so, that we are to pay billions to a Government that will allow them to make tax cuts while we impose tax burdens on our own country, and that the Minister stands here today at the Dispatch Box and says that he does not have time to  explain why it is necessary to do so.
Surely the way to ensure that we have proper scrutiny of this deal is to have a proper debate, or is he afraid that his own Back Benchers, once they hear the real story, will find it as difficult to walk through the Lobby for it as they did for the welfare reform Bill yesterday?
I have respect for the right hon.
Gentleman, but I totally reject his assertion.
There is full support for this deal—and, indeed, full support for it from our allies in the United States and the Five Eyes partners.
On the point about alleged tax cuts, at no point in his Budget speech did Prime Minister Ramgoolam say that he was planning to fund income tax reform with the money from this deal.
That was very, very clear.
Indeed, the rationale for this deal, which I have explained multiple times to the House, is that our national security was at risk and the operations of that base could not function as they once did.
That is why the Opposition started the negotiations and why we have concluded them.
After yesterday’s complete chaos, my constituents are bracing themselves for big tax increases in the autumn.
How does the Minister think they feel when they see the Mauritian Government crowing about virtually abolishing income tax in Mauritius thanks to the largesse that he is about to pour on them?
I am genuinely surprised by the comments of the right hon.
Gentleman.
As a former Defence Minister and someone who has served, he will know the importance of this base and the need to secure it, and he will know the risks to our operations that were inherent under the previous Government.
That is why his Government started this process and why we have concluded it.
It is also why our costs under the deal are broadly comparable with what France pays for its base in Djibouti, even though our base 15 times larger and has immeasurably more capability, as he well knows.
In the Minister’s response, he quoted the answer from the Defence Secretary to my question, saying that he had no choice.
But the reason for doing this deal is the worry about being taken to court—so the Government do have a choice, and that is what my constituents and Opposition Members are so upset about.
The Government could have a fight in the court and appeal the decision, yet they have chosen not to, and they will not explain why.
Will the Minister set out what the need was for immediacy and why he and his Government will not go to the court for the tribunal he is so worried about to have that fight?
If the case were shut down, Opposition Members would understand, and if it was found that we had a legal responsibility to pay, we would do so, but we do not, and we have not had our day in court as a country.
That is the travesty of the deal.
I have to correct the hon.
Member as we have had days in court on this issue.
That is one of the reasons—[Interruption.]
There was the non-binding judgment in the International Court of Justice.
He also forgets to mention the International Tribunal for the  Law of the Sea, the votes in the United Nations and all the other legal processes.
The fact is, it is our view—indeed, it was the view of the previous Government—that a legally binding judgment would inevitably follow.
Leaving such a key national security asset in that way is not responsible; no, the responsible thing to do is to secure the base with our allies, and that is exactly what we have done.
While China might support this terrible deal, let me tell the Minister that the British people do not support this appalling deal, giving away our strategic security asset and paying tens of billions of our taxpayers’ money in the process.
Our taxpayers will be suffering tax rises for that in order that the Mauritians get tax cuts.
Since the Government are in the mood for U-turns, why do they not take the hint and U-turn on this terrible Chagos deal?
I will not take any lessons from a party that fawns over Vladimir Putin.
In the Defence Secretary’s statement on  22 May , he stated with regard to potential legal rulings against us that “The most proximate, and the most potentially serious, is the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.”—[Official
Report,  22 May 2025 ; Vol. 767, c. 1291.]
The US, which operates the base, is not even a signatory to UNCLOS.
How would ITLOS have ruled a binding legal judgment that we would have recognised?
It is notable that ITLOS has not been mentioned since that statement?
I am confused—I have mentioned ITLOS on a number of occasions, including just a moment ago.
The long-standing view of the United Kingdom is that the UK would not have a realistic prospect of successfully defending its legal position on sovereignty in such litigation.
Even if we chose to ignore binding judgments made against us—we would not do so—their legal effect on third countries and international organisations would give rise to real impacts to the operation of the base and the delivery of its national security functions.
International organisations have already adopted decisions based on Mauritian sovereignty, and others would follow suit following such litigation.
That could affect the electromagnetic spectrum, access to the base by air and by sea, and the ability to patrol the maritime area around the base and to support the base’s critical national security functions.
Further, the UK would likely face a provisional measures order in a matter of weeks.
The position is clear, and we have explained it.
The hon.
Member’s previous Government knew exactly the same.
[Interruption.]
However much he shouts and however much he does not like the arguments, they are the facts.
Will the Minister confirm that 40 years ago the most disgusting, cynical injustice was done against the Chagos islanders and that it was their resolute campaigning over decades—often alone, with little friendship or support—that eventually brought the whole case to international law and an opinion from the International Court of Justice, which has brought about the situation we are now in?
Instead  of obsessing with the twilight of empire, should Opposition parties not be thinking about the injustice done to the Chagos islanders?
Will the Minister confirm that in the arrangements now being made, the Chagos islanders, wherever they are resident, and whatever their opinions are, do have a right of return?
Will he give us some idea of what the attitude will be about the right of visit, the right of residence and the right of return to Diego Garcia, where the majority of the Chagos islanders have come from?
They are a people who have been badly treated by history and are now being used as pawns by people more interested in defending some strange notion of the twilight of empire than justice for the Chagos islanders.
The primary purpose of the deal was of course to secure the base on Diego Garcia and the national security of the UK and our allies, but the right hon.
Member is right to point out the historical situation regarding the Chagossians.
We have expressed deep regret for how they were removed from the islands in the 1960s and ’70s; indeed, that is on the face of the treaty.
We recognise the importance of the islands to the Chagossians as well as the different views in the community, which he is well acquainted with.
We will be restarting those visits, including to Diego Garcia.
The programme of resettlement to islands outside Diego Garcia will be for Mauritius to determine, but we have committed to Members on the Liberal Democrat Benches in the other place that we will provide further statements on how that will work in due course.
There is also the trust fund and the support we provide here in the UK.
We are listening to the different Chagossian groups and trying to ensure that their interests are at the heart of the treaty deal as we move forward.