The Federation of Small Businesses has warned that small and medium-sized enterprises in Northern Ireland continue to face disruption under the Windsor framework and, more importantly and sadly, that the Government have failed to effectively communicate the supposed benefits of dual market access so far.
If dual market access is indeed a competitive advantage, as so many people across this House think it can and should be, can the Secretary of State specifically identify what concrete benefits it is providing to Northern Ireland businesses right now?
How does he respond to the growing criticism from firms across the UK who are burdened with red tape and the fog of uncertainty?
I was interested by that observation in the FSB report because, as the House will testify, I spend a lot of my time extolling the virtues of the dual market access that Northern Ireland has as a result of the Windsor framework.
I meet companies as I travel around Northern Ireland who tell me about the benefits of it that they are feeling.
I think we all have a responsibility to extol the virtues of dual market access because, in my experience, if businesses can see an opportunity that allows them to sell more products, they will seize it with both hands.
What recent discussions he has had with technology businesses on investing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with technology businesses on investing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with technology businesses on investing in Northern Ireland.
I take every opportunity to promote investment into Northern Ireland, and our tech companies in particular.
I recently spoke at the Big Data conference in New York and at London Tech Week to highlight our cutting-edge companies in Northern Ireland.
I held a roundtable with tech business leaders and visited Catagen in Belfast just last week to talk about the industrial strategy and the ways that we can boost investment and growth.
I wonder if the Minister might outline the many good reasons for technology companies to invest in Northern Ireland and tell us what she has done to promote that great opportunity?