Yesterday, the Government were asking the House to vote for a law that would mean that someone with a condition such as Parkinson’s or multiple sclerosis would qualify for a personal independence payment today, but someone diagnosed with the same condition, with the very same symptoms, in a few months’ time would not.
We all know that the cost of welfare needs to come down, but that was not a fair way to do it.
Until he lost control yesterday, the Prime Minister was arguing for that approach.
Has he changed his mind on this, or not?
The Stephen Timms review—a very important review—will look into this issue, but what we did do last night was end mandatory reassessments for those with severe disabilities.
I thought that the right hon.
Gentleman and his party cared about things like that.
It is the right thing to do, and they voted against it.
We have rebalanced universal credit, which is long overdue.
I think he believes that, but what did he do last night?
He voted against it.
We set out a pathway to  reform personal independence payment, which is something he argues for every week, and what did he do when he had the chance?
He voted against it.
The House and Labour Back Benchers will note that the Prime Minister did not answer my question.
Moreover, if he looked at our proposals for welfare reform to cut down the bill, he would not be in the mess that he is in.
Moving on, from Hillsborough to Grenfell, from Primodos to Horizon, and from the contaminated blood scandal to nuclear test veterans, the bereaved and survivors of some of our country’s most appalling scandals have come together to call for a legal duty of candour, and for the secondary duty needed to make it practical and effective for investigations and inquiries.
They are now frightened that the Government are watering down these proposals to such an extent that they would be toothless.
After months of delay, can the Prime Minister reassure campaigners that his Hillsborough law will include a real legal duty of candour, as he promised?
Yes, it will.
As the right hon.
Gentleman may know, I have known some of the Hillsborough families for many years—I met them over a decade ago—and know exactly what they have been through.
Various other groups have suffered similar injustices with similar follow-up, which is an additional injustice on top of the original injustice.
That is why we will bring forward a Hillsborough law—it is a commitment I have made.
I have been talking to the families myself in recent weeks to make sure that we get this right.
It is important that we get it right, but it will have a legal duty of candour.
I have a follow-on question.
The Prime Minister visited my constituency in 2022 and told families that “one of my first acts will be to put the Hillsborough law on the statute book.”
He repeated the same promise at conference last year, saying that the Bill would be published on the anniversary in April.
That did not happen.
However, the Government are now planning to table a watered-down version that does not deserve to be named a “Hillsborough law”.
After PMQs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool West Derby (Ian Byrne)  will seek to introduce the real Hillsborough law.
Can the Prime Minister finally honour his promise and back the law in full?
If not, why not?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this, and remember well the visit we had.
This is a really serious issue, and it is important that we get it right.
I am fully committed to introducing a Hillsborough law, including a legal duty of candour for public servants and criminal sanctions for those who refuse to comply.
It is important that we get it right.
I have been personally engaging with some of the families on this, because, as I say, I have seen at first hand what they have been through for over 10 years.
I first met them when I was Director of Public Prosecutions and there was consideration of the order in which certain things would happen.
That was actually about a different issue—it was about an issue of great concern to them—but my hon.
Friend is right to raise this.
We will bring this forward.
I just want to take the time to get it right
and then put it before the House.
In his victory speech last year, the Prime Minister promised to “end the chaos”.
Does he think that the public still believe him?
We have delivered more in the first year of a Labour Government than the SNP has delivered in 20 years.
Let me give the right hon.
Gentleman one example.
We said that we would deliver 2 million extra appointments for the NHS in England, and we have delivered 4 million.
What a contrast with the SNP Government.
They have been in charge for about 20 years, and Scotland’s doctors have said in the past week that the Scottish NHS is “dying before our very eyes”.
The SNP should be ashamed.
Its own Public Health Minister admits that the SNP’s failure is “costing lives”.
Scotland needs a new direction so that we can bring waiting lists down in Scotland, just as we have done in England.
Hemel Hempstead is a new town that was built by a Labour Government after the second world war and provided decent housing to families like mine, yet 80 years on, the No. 1 issue in my case work is a shortage of housing.
I therefore welcome this Government’s commitment to build thousands of new homes.
In my constituency, we are looking at a Hemel Garden Communities scheme that could provide 11,000 new homes.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this development needs to be a mix of genuinely affordable houses to buy and council houses to rent, and that it must be accompanied by the right health, education and road infrastructure?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
Projects such as this are essential to building the 1.5 million homes we need, while at the same time creating vibrant and strong communities.
In keeping with the Attlee legacy, we are supporting 47 locally-led garden communities to deliver tens of thousands more homes, and of course delivering the biggest boost to social and affordable housing in a generation.
On  Monday afternoon, a four-year-old girl was seriously injured after being hit by a car on Lewes Road, just off the A259 in Newhaven in my constituency.
I can report to the House that she is recovering well in hospital.
Residents in Newhaven, Seaford and nearby Sussex coastal towns have been warning about how unsafe these roads are.
Indeed, the county council submitted a fully costed plan for safety improvements on the A259 to the Government, but funding remains blocked.
So I am appealing to the Prime Minister directly: will he personally intervene to unblock the funding needed to make the A259 and surrounding roads safer, to ensure that there is never a repeat of such an incident?
I am very sorry to hear of the incident that the hon.
Member cites.
My sympathies are with the family, and I think I would send the best wishes of the whole House to the family and to that little girl.
He speaks about the A259, and I do hear a lot about this road because it runs through the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton Kemptown  and Peacehaven (Chris Ward) .
I know that it needs addressing, and I know how strongly they have both been in raising this and campaigning on it.
A decision will be set our shortly.
I think the hon.
Member has met the Roads Minister, but I will make sure he is kept fully updated on developments.
I am proud to represent thousands of people working in the defence sector—ordinary people doing extraordinary jobs to keep our country safe—and I was delighted that the Defence Secretary recently joined me in my constituency to mark this Government’s £15 billion investment in the Atomic Weapons Establishment.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that our commitment to defence sector investment is vital not just for our national security, but for jobs, opportunity and growth in constituencies such as Reading West and Mid Berkshire?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a fantastic advocate for her constituents.
She is right to highlight the important work by the defence sector in her constituency and, of course, right across the United Kingdom.
We are investing £15 billion in our sovereign nuclear warhead programme.
That will support nearly 10,000 jobs, including many in her constituency.
That is the defence dividend in action—an historic boost to defence spending—represented and reflected in good, well-paid jobs across the United Kingdom.
Given that the Government appear to be in listening mode, will the Prime Minister agree to scrap other measures that are pushing more people into poverty, such as the cruel two-child benefit cap, and the harsh and totally unacceptable cuts to universal credit for ill and disabled people that remain in yesterday’s dog’s breakfast of a Bill?
I do not want to be ungenerous, but I do not think I am going to be listening to the hon.
Member or his party.
They were the ones who put an £80 billion unfunded tax commitment before the electorate at the last election.
They are the ones who talk about change and clean power, but every single time there is an infrastructure project or there is any change that is needed, they block it, including in their own constituencies.
While we all revere the football stars of the past, many are struggling with welfare issues, including organised financial fraud and head injuries linked to the onset of dementia.
May I give the Prime Minister this letter on player welfare from 303 former players, which local champions such as John Stiles and international superstars, including Kevin Keegan and Graeme Souness, have signed?
Will he agree to meet a group of former players, as cited in the recent letter to him from one of his heroes, Michael Thomas, who of course shone when he played for Arsenal and Liverpool?
May I just start by congratulating Dawn Astle on her recent and richly deserved MBE for her work on behalf of former players?
I do remember Michael Thomas very well—putting that goal in during injury time in 1989 to take the lead; it was a fantastic  victory.
I have had the pleasure of meeting him and discussing with him the very campaign that my hon.
Friend raises, and I will certainly meet him again.
Because athletes have brought us so much joy, they should have proper support from their sporting bodies on health and welfare, and we will ensure that they do.
I refer Members to my role as a serving county councillor.
July is Good Care Month and Jane Austen told us that the best place for convalescence by the sea is Cromer in my constituency.
However, thanks to Norfolk’s Conservative county council, Cromer risks losing its convalescence facility forever.
Reablement centres such as Benjamin Court are exactly what the NHS needs, yet the Tories are shutting it down.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that the relevant health Minister meets me and concerned local campaigners to discuss what can be done to save Benjamin Court?