Figures from British Transport police show a staggering 47% rise in violence and serious public order offences against rail staff between 2021 and 2024.
This epidemic of violence was allowed to escalate under the previous Conservative Government, who failed to act while frontline workers were increasingly put at risk.
Does the Prime Minister agree that our transport workers deserve to do their jobs without fear, and will he reaffirm this Labour Government’s commitment to ensuring that train operating companies are held fully accountable for protecting those who keep our railways safe and moving?
Those are shocking statistics.
Rail staff work incredibly hard to keep our country running and people safe.
The abuse and assaults on staff are utterly unacceptable.
We are taking measures to make sure they are safer.
We want to encourage the use of body-worn cameras, which have been proven to reduce violence against staff by up to 47%.
May I take this opportunity to thank our outstanding British Transport police for everything they do to support staff and passengers?
This time a year ago, farmers and many others across the country were about to go to the polls, perhaps to vote Labour for the first time because they took the Prime Minister at his word that he and his party would never leave farmers in the background again.
Within weeks, however, that trust had been completely shattered by the family farm tax.
Farmers know how devastating that tax will be, the industry knows how devastating that tax will be, we on the Conservative Benches know how devastating it will be, and more and  more of the Prime Minister’s own Back Benchers do, too.
Following the U-turn on winter fuel payments, following the U-turn on grooming gangs, and following the many, many U-turns on welfare payments yesterday, will the Prime Minister now tell farmers up and down the country when it will be their turn for a U-turn and that he will scrap the family farm tax?
This time a year ago, the country was lining up to boot the Conservatives out of office, and long may they remain there.
We put in place the most significant funding for farmers in the Budget, we have a road map for farmers that we are working on and, of course, where the Conservatives failed to spend the money, we are spending it with farmers.
The nuclear industry provides over 29,000 jobs across the north-west, including thousands in Birchwood Park in my constituency, which is a globally leading centre of nuclear innovation.
I welcome the Government’s new modern industrial strategy, which will give businesses the confidence to invest after years of economic chaos under the last Government.
Will the Prime Minister outline how the industrial strategy will support the growth of the nuclear sector, which is vital to our energy security, and to creating thousands more high-paid, high-skilled and unionised jobs?
My hon.
Friend is a champion of nuclear and I know how important it is to thousands of her constituents.
We are securing home-grown energy and driving bills down by unleashing a golden age of nuclear.
That includes Sizewell C, which we announced just two or three weeks ago, and small modular reactors.
That means jobs, investment and opportunities across the country, including in her constituency.
The rushed changes to the welfare Bill not only left Parliament with whiplash, but more importantly left many vulnerable people living in limbo, such as Chris and Emma in my constituency who are set to lose the PIP that they rely on for work.
Chris has already lost a vital carer through all this uncertainty.
It is not right that in our society vulnerable people have to be worried about what the Government will do next.
Does the Prime Minister understand that this has eroded trust at a time when we need it most?
What would be better for building trust is an accurate description of what we are doing.
It is important that the Stephens Timms review will look at this really important issue, but we have to get on with reform.
We have a broken system that does not work for those who are using the system and does not work for the taxpayer or the economy.
We have to get on and reform it, and we will do so in the way we set out yesterday.
I pay tribute to the veterans of the Royal Naval Association Crosby branch who are in the Gallery today.
Gabe Santer, a 15-year-old, fell to his death from a multi-storey car park in Liverpool in 2020, one of the many to   die in such tragic circumstances, including in my constituency.
My Multi-Storey Car Parks (Safety) Bill seeks to prevent such deaths.
Will the Government look carefully at its contents as part of a national suicide prevention strategy?
The answer is yes, we will look at the content of the Bill.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising it.
Across the House, we all have tragic experiences of suicide.
Our thoughts are with Gabe’s family and friends.
We will conduct a call for evidence on part K of the building regulations about minimum guarding heights so that the necessary protections are in place to prevent future tragedies, and we will also look at the contents of the Bill.
People across the Staffordshire Moorlands are extremely concerned by the number of applications granted for solar farms and battery storage facilities.
Will the Prime Minister give them some reassurance that he will change the law and that we will see good agricultural land saved for producing food, as it rightly should be?
It is right that we do both, and that we do support agriculture.
The right hon.
Lady says that people across the country are concerned about solar, but they are also concerned about their bills   coming down, after they went up under the previous Government.
The only way to get them down is on renewables, and that is what we are doing.
For the final question, I call Jessica Morden.
This morning in Westminster Hall, Centenary Action presented sashes handmade by a team of wonderful women working out of ReMake Newport to every one of our 264 women MPs to mark today’s 97th anniversary of the Representation of the People (Equal Franchise) Act 1928.
Will the Prime Minister join me in welcoming this initiative, which celebrates the contribution women make in public life?
Although we now have a record number of women MPs, does he agree that we must continue to break down barriers for women on our way to achieving the mission of a gender-equal Parliament?