The Prime Minister talks about jobs.
Unemployment has risen every month since Labour took office.
Has he spoken to Nissan, by the way, and looked at what is happening there?
This man has forgotten  that his welfare Bill was there to plug a black hole created by the Chancellor.
Instead, they are creating new ones.
[Interruption.]
The Chancellor is pointing at me, but she looks absolutely miserable.
[Interruption.]
They can point as much as they like, but the fact is that Labour MPs are going on the record saying that the Chancellor is toast.
The reality is that she is a human shield for the Prime Minister’s incompetence.
In January, he said that she would be in post until the next election.
Will she really?
Well, the right hon.
Lady certainly won’t.
I have to say that I am always cheered up when she asks me questions or responds to a statement, because she always makes a complete mess of it and shows just how unserious and irrelevant the Conservatives are.
The right hon.
Lady talks about the black hole, but they left a £22 billion black hole in our economy, and we are clearing it up.
I am really proud that in the first year of a Labour Government, we have got free school meals, breakfast clubs, childcare, and £15 billion invested in transport in the north and the midlands.
With planning regulation, planning and infrastructure is pounding forward.
We are building 1.5 million homes and have the biggest investment in social and affordable housing.
We also have the three trade deals—remember, those are the ones that the Conservatives could not get—including the US trade deal.
On Monday, those tariffs came down.
That secured the jobs at Jaguar Land Rover.
That is who we care about on the Government Benches.
How awful for the Chancellor that the Prime Minister could not confirm that she would stay in place.
He talks about his year in office.
This week marks the first anniversary of Labour coming into office.
[Interruption.]
Yeah, yeah, let’s have it.
The Whips cannot get their MPs in the Lobby, but they can get them to cheer at the right time.
The fact is that the Prime Minister’s own MPs are saying that this Government are “incoherent and shambolic”—it was  the hon.
Member for Liverpool Wavertree (Paula Barker)  who said that.
I could go on and on, but the fact is that it has been mistake after mistake after mistake.
There is no plan to get people into work, there is no plan to cut the welfare budget, and there is no strategy; there is just a series of humiliating U-turns, as with winter fuel and as with grooming gangs.
What is really shocking is the fact that every other party in the House voted for even more welfare spending yesterday—yes, those MPs behind the Prime Minister, and the Liberal Democrats, and Reform.
The Conservative party believes that this country needs to live within its means.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
] We know what we believe, but this is a Prime Minister who has U-turned on everything he has done in office, including his own speeches, because he does not know what he believes.
With left-wing Labour MPs now running the Government, is it not working people who will now pay the price?
This is why the Leader of the Opposition always cheers me up.
She talks about living within our means, having left a £22 billion black hole.
She talks about our first year.
I am really proud of our first year in government.
We promised 2 million extra  NHS appointments, and we delivered 4 million—a promise made and a promise delivered.
We promised the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation within the first 100 days—a promise made and a promise delivered.
We promised free breakfast clubs—a promise made and a promise delivered.
On banning bonuses for water bosses who pollute our rivers, which is a mess the Conservatives left—a promise made and a promise delivered.
Creating GB Energy—a promise made and a promise delivered.
The largest increase in defence spending since the last Labour Government—a promise made and a promise delivered.
Putting more money in the pockets of working people, particularly the 3 million who are the lowest paid, through the national minimum wage—a promise made and a promise delivered.
We are only getting started.
The Chancellor has led on all these issues, and we are grateful to her for it.
Unlike the Conservatives, this Government have not dragged their feet in banning zombie knives and ninja-style swords in their effort to tackle knife crime.
In Croydon, where youth violence has cast a devastating shadow across our communities, our local police are running a surrender scheme this month to take those dangerous weapons off our streets.
Will the Prime Minister join me in commending the tireless work of Croydon’s police officers, and will he outline what his Government are doing to ensure that the Met police have the resources they need both to protect neighbourhood policing and to deal with the unique challenges they face?
My hon.
Friend is right to speak of the importance of banning these despicable weapons.
I know how much she cares about this issue.
The ban on zombie knives and machetes came into effect last year, and the ban on ninja swords will come into effect this August.
The Crime and Policing Bill will increase penalties for illegal sales and will give the police new powers to seize knives.
What did the Conservatives do when we put that Bill before the House to take those measures?
They voted against it.
Knife crime soared on their watch, and they have clearly learnt absolutely nothing.