The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 2 July.
This Saturday—[Interruption.]
Order.
There seems to be a bit of a challenge over who can cheer the most.
I have never known one Prime Minister get as much cheering.
[Interruption.]
I think they were cheering more, Mr Speaker, and quite right too!
This Saturday marks the 77th birthday of our national health service, and I want to begin by thanking our dedicated NHS staff for their service.
In that 77th year, I am proud that this Labour Government have delivered 4 million extra appointments, 1,700 more GPs and the lowest waiting lists for two years.
The Labour party is proud to have been the party that created the NHS, and tomorrow we are announcing our 10-year health plan to build an NHS that is fit for the future, so that in many years and decades to come we can still proudly celebrate the anniversary of the NHS.
May I also wish England and Wales the best of luck in the women’s Euros and congratulate England’s under-21s on retaining the Euros?
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
When this Labour Government extended free school meals to half a million more children last month, Laura—a working mum in Rochdale—told me it would save her £500 a year.
She said: “I am over the moon.
Only Labour would have done this.”
Does the Prime Minister agree that people voted Labour a year ago for not just change, but hope, and that cutting child poverty is the moral mission of this Government in order to help every child in this country?
I am really proud that we extended free school meals for another half a million children, including Laura’s.
It is people like Laura and giving children the best start in life that we have in our mind’s eye.
I think the child poverty taskforce visited Rochdale recently and will continue to back parents like Laura.
We have already started rolling out not just free school meals, but free breakfast clubs, and extending childcare.
That is real change under this Labour Government.