It is

the only local newspaper published in San Mateo County that publishes a

daily edition Monday through Friday, and a combined weekend edition

that appears Saturdays and Sundays.
The Daily Journal was launched on August 18, 2000, with a news staff

of two, plus advertising, production, and circulation staff.
Its first

edition contained 8 pages and its initial circulation was 5,000.
Today,

the staff includes up to 20 full-time and part-time employees and

contract workers.
The Daily Journal averages 28 pages and the

circulation ranges from 21,000 to 30,000 daily editions.
It is

available in local cafes, stores, businesses and public and community

gathering places and its digital edition, smdailyjournal.com, averages

750,000 views a month.
Co-Founder Jerry Lee has been the publisher since day one as part of

a Berkeley-based organization that expanded its local news model to San

Mateo County.
In 2006, Lee bought the paper from the founding

organization which went out of business, and has been the owner since.
In an era when local newspapers are rapidly disappearing, Lee said,

``We were able to jump out of the gate and be profitable from the

beginning,'' a trend that has continued throughout the paper's 25

years.
Editor Jon Mays came to the Daily Journal as Managing Editor in

October of 2000 and has served as Editor in Chief since December 2001.
Sports Editor Nathan Mollat has been with the newspaper since its

founding.
His sports pages and the special recognition given to

individual athletes weekly, every sports season and annually creates

lifetime memories and keepsakes for high school students and their

families.
The success of the paper is ``a testament to the people we have here,

and the paper owes its success to the unique nature of San Mateo

County.
The market is more conducive to what we do, and it is one of

the most advanced educational areas of the world, but it is still very

much a small town--a big city in small-town clothing.
The mom-and-pop

nature of the paper fits the mom-and-pop nature of the community,'' Lee

said.
The Daily Journal contributes to ``the creation of community,

bringing people together in an age where there are not enough

institutions working to do that.
A good local paper is important to

have a thriving democracy,'' Lee said.
The paper provides a forum for small to medium-sized advertisers who

don't find a place for themselves in larger daily newspapers or see

online advertising as too scattered.
And the advertising is very much

in keeping with the paper's mission as a local resource that promotes a

sense of community.
``Local people want to know about services.
Advertising is another

form of information.
A quarter of our advertisers don't need

advertising, they just want to support us,'' Lee said.
Here is the stated mission of the Daily Journal:

It is the mission of the Daily Journal to be the most accurate, fair

and relevant local news source for those who live, work or play on the

San Francisco Peninsula.
By combining local news coverage, analysis and

insight with the latest business, lifestyle, state, national and world

news, we seek to provide our readers with the highest quality

information resource in the local area.
Our pages belong to our readers, and we choose to reflect the diverse

character of this dynamic and ever-changing community.
The Daily Journal's slogan is: We report to you.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring a jewel in

the crown of my Congressional District.
The San Mateo Daily Journal is

a cherished community asset and I am exceedingly proud of all they've

accomplished and continue to do as they serve the people of San Mateo

County.