These experiences helped her develop her passion for public

service and in 1998, Patty graduated with a B.A. in Political Science

and a specialization in Business Administration from UCLA.
Following her graduation from UCLA, Patty joined our Palo Alto

District Office for the 14th Congressional District of California in

the heart of Silicon Valley where she began as a Staff Assistant, moved

to be a Scheduler, then a Caseworker, a Constituent Service Director,

and now Deputy District Chief of Staff and Senior Counsel.
Patty opted

to work full time while attending Santa Clara University School of Law,

as a part time student.
During this time, she studied abroad at Oxford

University to obtain a Certificate in International Law and also spent

time working for the Federal Public Defender's office in San Jose on a

case to help acquit a defendant on death row.
After graduating in May

2005, Patty passed the California Bar exam in November and decided to

remain in public service as my Counsel.
In 2010, she married Steve Yu,

a Marine Veteran and entrepreneur, and they have two beautiful

children; Gloria and Michaela.
While raising her two young children,

she continued to work tirelessly to serve constituents in a diverse

district encompassing Silicon Valley.
Patty is an exceptional professional who truly understands the

important connections between legislative work and constituent

services.
She works quietly behind the scenes to use her deep knowledge

of immigration, tax, telecommunications, and high-tech issues to help

those in need.
Patty has helped thousands of constituents navigate the

federal bureaucracy, has led a casework operation second to none, and

been a trusted advisor in times of crisis.
Over all the years, Patty

has worked effectively with community stakeholders, federal agencies,

and constituents to get results.
Through it all, she has always been

positive, never losing sight of the fact that we are in the business of

hope.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the work of

Patty Kim as she begins the next exciting chapter of her life.
From the

105th Congress to the 118th Congress, Patty Kim has proven herself to

be a dedicated public servant and leader by working tirelessly to serve

the people of the 14th, 18th, and 16th Congressional District through

five administrations.
Like so many women, Patty has juggled family

commitments with work obligations to make this world a better place for

the next generation.
The American dream that Patty's parents envisioned

for their daughters has been realized and exceeded through her

extraordinary life of service.
How proud and grateful I am to have had

her by my side.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO THE SAN MATEO DAILY JOURNAL ON ITS 25TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, the San Mateo Daily Journal, an independent

daily newspaper that covers San Mateo County, California, is in its

25th year of publication, covering local news, community events and

youth sports.
It has become an essential part of the daily life of San

Mateo County, and its residents look to it for accurate, fair, relevant

and impartial local news.
The paper features extensive coverage of high

school sports, and offers a variety of opinions from local columnists,

such as my long-time friend Mark Simon, as well as a forum for Letters

to the Editor and longer perspective pieces.
It is an essential source

of information for local government, and steadily and responsibly

fulfills the watchdog role inherent in a good local newspaper.
It is

the only local newspaper published in San Mateo County that publishes a

daily edition Monday through Friday, and a combined weekend edition

that appears Saturdays and Sundays.
The Daily Journal was launched on August 18, 2000, with a news staff

of two, plus advertising, production, and circulation staff.
Its first

edition contained 8 pages and its initial circulation was 5,000.