Karen and my team made sure the SAB was

robust and every year graduated more than 100 students, while providing

resources and information to ensure their success.
Each year SAB became

more professional and the staff time devoted to it was a significant

and worthwhile investment.
During the entirety of the pandemic, Karen's innovative work

continued as she remained in the office full time, and staffed me while

I ran the Energy and Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Health from

my home in San Mateo County.
Karen adapted quickly in order for us to

remain resilient and nimble, and through her innovation she increased

responsiveness and productivity for committee work, casework and

fieldwork during the pandemic and beyond in ways that kept my staff

safe and healthy while keeping up with the unique challenges of a

pandemic and multiple wildfires.
Karen Chapman is a public servant's servant.
She's humble, loyal,

generous, disciplined, resourceful, and steadfast.
Often sought after

for her discretion and wise counsel, Karen has also advised campaigns

and supported local candidates.
She cares deeply about making a

difference in people's lives and improving their circumstances.
She

staffed me on some of my most challenging cases including seeing

success for Carl Clark who had been denied by the Navy for his heroism

due to racism during World War II, protecting Dr. Christine Ford's

identity before she decided to tell her story in public, and making

sure my late friend Hank Sciaroni's package was complete to receive the

Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his courageous heroism when his plane

was shot down behind enemy lines during World War II.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today to honor and thank

Karen Chapman for her extraordinary dedication and exemplary service on

behalf of the people I've represented for over three decades.
I'm

unendingly grateful to her for her sterling leadership, her 32 years of

devoted service, and for the gift of her friendship.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO NA YOUNG PATTY KIM

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an

extraordinary member of my congressional staff, Na Young Patty Kim, on

the occasion of her retirement after serving as a member of my staff

for over 26 years.
Patty was born Na Young Kim in Seoul, South Korea, in 1976 to Chong

Seung Kim and Young Suk Kim.
In 1985, her parents decided to immigrate

to the United States to pursue the American dream for their young

daughters, Na Young and Jee Young.
Landing first in San Francisco, they

eventually settled in Newark, California.
Na Young became Patty in the

process of learning English and she learned about being a bridge for

immigrants like herself while helping her parents navigate the

unfamiliar system in America.
Patty graduated from Newark Memorial High School in 1994 and went on

to study at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).
Although she

was initially interested tn pursuing Business Economics, Patty

developed a passion for political science and opted to study abroad in

South Korea at Yonsei University to learn about international

relations.
She also participated in the University of California

Washington Center (UCDC) program and interned with the Civil Rights

Division of the Department of Justice in the special litigation

section.
These experiences helped her develop her passion for public

service and in 1998, Patty graduated with a B.A. in Political Science

and a specialization in Business Administration from UCLA.
Following her graduation from UCLA, Patty joined our Palo Alto

District Office for the 14th Congressional District of California in

the heart of Silicon Valley where she began as a Staff Assistant, moved

to be a Scheduler, then a Caseworker, a Constituent Service Director,

and now Deputy District Chief of Staff and Senior Counsel.
Patty opted

to work full time while attending Santa Clara University School of Law,

as a part time student.