Title: CONGRATULATING NAYA STAMETS, GIRL SCOUTS GOLD AWARD RECIPIENT; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
192

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CONGRATULATING NAYA STAMETS, GIRL SCOUTS GOLD AWARD RECIPIENT

HON.
TERESA LEGER FERNANDEZ

Ms. LEGER FERNANDEZ.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Naya

Stamets.
Naya is an extraordinary leader with a heart as bold and

inspiring as her mission.
It's the only way you get to receive the most

prestigious award in Girl Scouting, the Gold Award.
She earned this

award by turning her personal battle with Type 1 Diabetes into a

powerful PSA, raising awareness of the condition one person at a time.
It is so wonderful to have Naya as my constituent from Farmington,

New Mexico.
She is one of New Mexico's golden treasures.
She has been a member of the Girl Scouts of New Mexico Trails, Troop

10068 for 13 years.
She is now a first-year undergraduate student at

New Mexico Tech studying Mechanical Engineering and Digital Media--go

Miners.
To earn the prestigious Girl Scout Gold Award, high school-age Girl

Scouts must identify and investigate an issue they care about, devise a

plan, and then lead a team of experts and community members to

implement a project that produces lasting change.
In pursuit of this prestigious award, Naya created a PSA video with

the help of medical professionals to educate the community about T1D

symptoms, prevention, and management.
Naya's PSA titled ``SEE T1D''

will have a positive impact on our New Mexico community for years to

come.
Naya was inspired to create this PSA after a life-threatening

emergency in her childhood, where she learned she had Type 1 Diabetes

(T1D).
As she grew older, she noticed the lack of T1D education in her

community.
At the end of the PSA, Naya included a QR code to a Google

Form, which asks people if they experience any T1D symptoms and if

someone selects 4 or more then it immediately tells them to contact

their physician.
As a result of her PSA, she has been able to collect over 50 survey

responses and speak with 4 individuals who sought help after seeing her

video and survey.
Two people were able to get a diagnosis for early

onset diabetes after consulting with their doctor and two others

learned they had other underlying health issues.
In addition, Naya was able to present her research and PSA to the

International Order of the Rainbow Girls, where she shared her findings

with over 100 people from across the U.S. ranging from Connecticut,

Kansas, Ohio, and California.
On behalf of the 3rd Congressional District of New Mexico, I

congratulate Naya for achieving the highest distinction in Girl Scouts,

the Gold Award.
We are so proud of her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING DR.
RENEL BROOKS-MOON

HON.
BARBARA LEE

Ms. LEE of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Renel

Brooks-Moon as she receives the Key to the City of San Francisco from

Mayor London Breed.
This prestigious recognition is a testament to

Renel's extraordinary contributions to our community and her

trailblazing career in broadcasting and sports.
Born in Oakland to her beloved educator parents Nathaniel and Juanita

Brooks, who inspired her path to achievement and amazing journey and

success story, becoming one of the most beloved women luminaries in the

Bay Area.
A Woodside High School and Mills College graduate, she began her

broadcasting career at KCBS and KFRC before breaking through at 106

KMEL in 1986.
Later, she woke up the San Francisco Bay Area with her

iconic ``Renel In The Morning'' show on 98.1 KISS-FM.
She became the San Francisco Giants' public address announcer in 2000

and excelled in the position for 24 years.
As one of the first Black women in this role, Renel broke barriers

and made history in Major League Baseball.