Later, she woke up the San Francisco Bay Area with her

iconic ``Renel In The Morning'' show on 98.1 KISS-FM.
She became the San Francisco Giants' public address announcer in 2000

and excelled in the position for 24 years.
As one of the first Black women in this role, Renel broke barriers

and made history in Major League Baseball.
She was the first woman to

announce a world championship game in any professional sport and the

first to announce MLB's All-Star Game.
Renel Brooks-Moon has had a profound impact on our community, not

only entertaining and informing us but also being a role model for

aspiring broadcasters, particularly women and people of color.
Renel's impact extends beyond broadcasting.
She has volunteered in

community service and received honorary doctorates from Mills College

and the University of San Francisco, recognizing her contributions to

education and society.
Her journey from a young Giants fan to the team's iconic voice that

Bay Area fans have loved for more than two decades exemplifies the

power of perseverance and believing in your dreams.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. Renel

Brooks-Moon.
Her legacy as a broadcaster, community leader, and trailblazer will

continue to inspire, empower, and uplift the community now and for

future generations, making her a true San Francisco Bay Area icon.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF PENNY ETSON RINEHART OF OLNEY, ILLINOIS

HON.
NIKKI BUDZINSKI

Ms. BUDZINSKI.
Mr. Speaker, today I honor the life of Penny Etson

Rinehart of Olney, who passed away earlier this year.
Born in Utica, New York, in 1953, Penny later attended the University

of Illinois, where she double-majored in psychology and social work.
After graduating, she dedicated her career to helping others, first as

a probation officer and then as a drug and alcohol counselor.
While in college, Penny met Eric Reinhart, whom she married in Olney,

Illinois, in 1977.
Their marriage was a testament to love and

partnership, filled with cherished adventures, including memorable

beach trips to Florida.
Above all, Penny was a devoted wife, mother, grandmother, and friend

to all who knew her.
She and Eric raised two sons, Jonathan and

William, and were blessed with two granddaughters, Claudette and

Camille.
During this difficult time, I hold Penny's family in my

thoughts and prayers.
Penny's love, humor, and kindness touched the lives of many.
Her

impact will be deeply felt by those who knew her and by the Springfield

community she called home.
Penny will be greatly missed, but her legacy

of compassion and warmth will endure.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

TRIBUTE TO KAREN CHAPMAN ON HER RETIREMENT

HON.
ANNA G. ESHOO

Ms. ESHOO.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Karen Chapman,

my District Chief of Staff and leader of my exceptional District office

team upon her retirement from the federal government.
Karen grew up in San Mateo County and attended local schools.
A

graduate of Castilleja in Palo Alto, she went on to receive her BA in

history with a focus on comparative political systems from the

University of Colorado in Boulder.
For her senior thesis she conducted

research at the University of Kent in Canterbury in conjunction with

Cornell University, with the focus of her studies centered on political

propaganda.
While working on various political campaigns, including my

first congressional campaign and later, former Governor Jerry Brown's

campaign for State Party Chair, Karen also participated in the

Practical Politics Master's Program at San Francisco State University.
During my service on the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors, Karen

served as my Executive Assistant and Legislative Aide.
At the each

Supervisor had only two staff members, demanding that Karen had to do

essentially everything.
She also managed my schedule, planned events,

staffed commission meetings and conducted casework and field work.