During my service on the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors, Karen

served as my Executive Assistant and Legislative Aide.
At the each

Supervisor had only two staff members, demanding that Karen had to do

essentially everything.
She also managed my schedule, planned events,

staffed commission meetings and conducted casework and field work.
When I was elected to Congress in l992, Karen joined me in

Washington, D.C. as a senior staffer and helped set up the best office

on the Hill.
She returned to Palo Alto two years later to be my

District Director.
Karen brought her superb leadership and diplomatic skills to the

District Office operations and established the best Congressional

constituent services operation in the Nation, an organization known for

getting things done right, solving difficult problems and treating each

constituent with dignity, respect and kindness.
My District operation

includes Co-Deputy Chiefs of Staff Anne Ream and Patty Kim, Senior

Field Representatives Nicholas Hargis and Justin Jeong; and

Communications Director Katrina Rill, all of whom are seasoned, engaged

and highly professional.
There are many examples of Karen's drive and dedication throughout

the years.
When the CZU fire devastated parts of my District in Santa

Cruz County, Karen led her colleagues in the field, working alongside

FEMA and our other partners in government.
They worked nights and

weekends along with tremendous help from Brian Perkins of Congresswoman

Speier's office, staying in the field during the pandemic until all

constituents had opened cases with FEMA and received local, state and

federal help.
Karen builds bridges between people, organizations and

agencies, bringing everyone together to find solutions that are

practical and that reflect my values.
My Congressional District includes four federal facilities which

require consistent support.
Karen carried out this support in this

ongoing work including advocating for USGS and NASA Ames when each was

threatened with significant cuts by various Administrations.
Karen

staffed me, together with her D.C. counterparts on the fight to

preserve the iconic Hangar One and retain the 129th Rescue Wings both

located at Moffett Federal Airfield.
Karen has been highly involved in several key projects, including the

soon to open National Monument, Cotoni-Coast Dairies near Davenport in

Santa Cruz County.
She also worked with her D.C. counterparts to staff

me for decades of work in the District to electrify Caltrain.
This game

changing project was completed this year for the Bay Area and will

reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 176,000 metric tons annually.
In true Silicon Valley spirit, our District Office operation has

always had an innovative approach toward representing over 740,000

people.
We were the first District Office to conduct casework using

digital signatures as a result of my legislation establishing their

legality.
This legislation allowed us to conduct casework via the

Internet, reducing processing times and promoting greater efficiency,

and saving significant tax dollars.
We were the first Congressional

Office in the Nation to become a `Green Congressional Office' having

worked with property owner Premier Properties.
The Eshoo office

invested in renewal energy resources, with 100 percent of the energy

used by the Eshoo office derived from renewable resources and the

office exceeding established green standards.
Our office was the first

where the Member of Congress established a Congressional Student

Advisory Board (SAB) for high school students, giving voice to students

about the legislative process.
Karen and my team made sure the SAB was

robust and every year graduated more than 100 students, while providing

resources and information to ensure their success.
Each year SAB became

more professional and the staff time devoted to it was a significant

and worthwhile investment.
During the entirety of the pandemic, Karen's innovative work

continued as she remained in the office full time, and staffed me while

I ran the Energy and Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on Health from

my home in San Mateo County.