

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF COMMANDER ALLAN RANDOLPH TOPP, UNITED STATES

NAVY, RETIRED

HON.
DEAN PHILLIPS

Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate a life well

lived.
I'm saddened to announce the passing of an American hero,

retired U.S. Navy Commander Allan Randolph (``Randy'') Topp.
I'm

honored to help tell his story because I think it's a life that should

be memorialized in these hallowed halls, and we here in Congress

sometimes need reminding of what it is to lead a life well lived.
Born in 1953 in Atlanta, GA, Randy was known for his playful glimmer

throughout his childhood.
He decided to attend Vanderbilt University

and graduated in 1975 with a double major in Economics and Latin

American Studies.
After graduating, he began a 20-year career as an

officer in the U.S. Navy piloting P-3 Orions, serving on the USS

Constellation, and leading Training Squadron Six (VT-6) as its

Executive Officer and Commanding Officer.
He retired from military

service with the rank of Commander in 1996, but his professional life

was far from over.
Randy continued his career with the Raytheon Company

in Tucson, AZ, before fully retiring in 2018 to spend more time with

his family.
Throughout his career, Randy was a lifetime learner.
He continued his

education beyond the undergraduate level and received not 1, but 3

masters' degrees: the first, an MBA from the University of New

Hampshire, the second, an MS in Electrical Engineering, and the third,

an MS in Systems Technology (Space Systems Operations) from the Naval

Postgraduate School in Monterey, CA.
He is even a named inventor on

multiple patents from his time with Raytheon.
What the accolades and accomplishments don't tell us is just how much

of a positive effect Randy had on those around him.
Upon hearing of his

passing, one of his Navy shipmates commented, ``Randy was . . .
a great

pilot, but also 1 of the fun guys every group needs to keep everything

in perspective and moving together.
I met him again years later while

with Raytheon, and he was still the same great guy . . .
Truly a man to

be admired; I'm happy to have known him.''
This same spirit carried through to his time with his grandchildren,

with whom he was excited to experience life.
He introduced them to

new adventures like horseback riding, whitewater rafting, visiting the

rodeo, and attending cowboy cookouts.
He appreciated the lifestyle of

Tucson, hosting family and friends to introduce them to the Sonoran

Desert culture, including enjoying the occasional Sonoran hot dog.
Fair winds and following seas, Commander Topp.
I thank him for his

service to his family, to his friends and shipmates, and to this

Nation.
We are forever grateful to him for providing an example of what

it means to live life to the fullest.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING 90 YEARS OF FAMILY BUSINESS WITH THE STOTLAR PHARMACY

HON.
MIKE BOST

Mr. BOST.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Stotlar Pharmacy

of Pinckneyville, Illinois, for its over 90 years of service to Perry

County residents.
This is a true American success story: a family owned

and operated small business in the heart of one of the region's best

small cities.
Stotlar Pharmacy was founded in 1932 by Joe Stotlar.
At the time of

its founding, the Stotlar Pharmacy not only filled prescriptions, but

had a soda fountain, sold toiletries, gifts, film, cameras, similar to

what many would consider an ``old time'' drug store.
In the 1960s, the pharmacy saw many changes, which included moving

across the street from their original location, and now offering

pharmacy services, delivery, and a gift shop.
Joe Stotlar's sons, Jim and Gene, were physicians with offices close

by as they assisted in overseeing the store after their father.