The fair's first year was held in acclaim by residents of

Pennsylvania and Maryland, and this success has continued over the

years.
The leadership of the fair changed following the passing of

Chief Doug Farrington in 2010, and for the next twelve years Fire

Company Chief Jeff Griffith continued to build upon the fair's success.
Now, Vice President Derek Macomber and his wife Becky lead the fair

with assistance from numerous dedicated community volunteers.
Communities across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania have been built

stronger thanks to the volunteer contributions of those who donate

their time and talents to put on State Fairs, and that is true of the

Mason Dixon Fair in Delta, Pennsylvania.
As they celebrate their 25th anniversary this year, I want to

congratulate and thank all the fair volunteers, community members, and

organizations including the brave and selfless members of the Delta

Cardiff Volunteer Fire Company who have worked to make the Mason Dixon

Fair a fun and successful community event.
I wish them all continued

success in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
BILL POSEY

Mr. POSEY.
Mr. Speaker, due to a family obligation, I was unable to

attend session on June 23, 2023.
Had I been present, I would have voted

NAY on rollcall No.
287, NAY on rollcall No.
288, and YEA on rollcall

No.
289.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE BLUE PACIFIC ACT

HON.
ED CASE

Mr. CASE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my Boosting Long-

Term U.S. Engagement in the Pacific (BLUE Pacific) Act, co-introduced

with my Pacific Islands Caucus Colleagues Congresswoman Radewagen,

Congressman Bera and Congressman Sherman.
This bill directs a comprehensive and sustained approach to U.S.

engagement in the Pacific Islands, a critical part of the broader Indo-

Pacific where much of the future of the world is being charted.
The lands and waters of the jurisdictions spread across Melanesia,

Micronesia and Polynesia comprise an area larger than the land areas of

China and Russia combined and represent a major portion of the vast

Pacific Ocean and our Earth's surface.
The peoples of these islands

have developed their own proud cultures and identity over millennia,

and for centuries now have shared historic, cultural, economic and

strategic ties with the United States.
Tens of thousands of U.S. and

allied servicemembers died throughout the Pacific Islands in World War

Two defending the common values shared between our country and the

Pacific Islands.
Our presents and futures are entwined; they are being

and will be determined jointly.
Last year's U.S.-Pacific Islands Summit in Washington and the

Strategy for Pacific Partnership released at that summit built on prior

versions of our BLUE Pacific Act first introduced by our Pacific

Islands Caucus in 2019.
They represented a confirmation of our shared

histories and path and a full re-engagement on all fronts with the

Pacific Islands.
Our BLUE Pacific Act reintroduced today updates our prior versions to

account for portions already enacted through other vehicles as well as

the U.S.-Pacific Islands Summit.
It supports the tenets of the Pacific

Islands Forum's 2050 Strategy for the Blue Pacific Continent, ensuring

that our efforts are fully responsive to and synchronized with the

expressed direction and needs of the Pacific Islands nations.
It

specifically codifies the Strategy for Pacific Partnership and requires

updates to the strategy every four years.
It also includes language

encouraging the allocation of more staff to the Pacific Islands, and

the facilitation of U.S. support for trade capacity building,

environmental change mitigation, education, civil society engagement

and security training.
These further initiatives support the significant strides we have

made in recent years towards fully reengaging the Pacific Islands

region across a range of common values and interests and in response to

specific Pacific Islands needs.