In 2010, he helped

establish a free tax clinic at La Luz Center in Sonoma.
He has served

on the Sonoma Valley Citizens Advisory Commission and is currently

serving on the Sonoma City Council.
Mr. Ding has been a champion for

the interests of California taxpayers.
Mr. Ding is a member of the

National Association of Enrolled Agents, and has been an outspoken

advocate for taxpayers, traveling to the United States' Capitol on

multiple occasions to advocate to amend the Tax Cut and Jobs Act and

most recently to increase the IRS funding and tax reform.
Mr. Ding was elected as the Mayor of the City of Sonoma in 2022,

becoming the first Asian American to hold this office.
Mr. Ding

regularly engages with immigrant groups, encouraging people to be

active participants in local and national politics.
In the aftermath of

the COVID-19 pandemic, Mr. Ding's utilized the American Rescue Plan and

fiscal policy to increase Sonoma's reserve funds by $3 million.
In

addition, he has led fundraising efforts for a pavilion to honor local

Chinese laborers' contribution to the local wine industry.
In response

to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Mr. Ding hosted a press conference

with the Ukrainian Counsel General to condemn the invasion and helped

raise over $150,000 for Ukraine Sister City.
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Ding's advocacy, and service as an elected official

have greatly enriched the Sonoma community.
His readiness

to help others is evident in his impactful work in the district and on

Capitol Hill.
It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor him here

today with the American Dream Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING PRETRIAL, PROBATION AND PAROLE SUPERVISION WEEK 2023

HON.
ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON

Ms. NORTON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Nation's community

supervision professionals, who are dedicated public servants and

perform many vital roles in their work with justice-involved adults and

juveniles.
They identify opportunities and services to help individuals

successfully contribute to society, while holding them accountable for

their actions.
They remain mindful of their role in protecting public

safety.
In honor of Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2023, we

salute all those who have chosen this important career.
In the District

of Columbia, we especially thank the employees of the Court Services

and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA)

and the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Columbia (PSA) for

their service.
CSOSA and PSA are models of excellence in community

supervision.
Their work reflects the theme of Pretrial, Probation and

Parole Supervision Week 2023, ``Stronger Together.''
Community supervision agencies are valuable partners of other

government agencies, nonprofits, neighborhood-based groups and all who

strive to make our nation safer and stronger.
We extend our gratitude

to them and encourage all people to recognize their many achievements

as we proclaim July 16-22, 2023, Pretrial, Probation and Parole

Supervision Week 2023.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE CONTRIBUTIONS OF SANDY BARBER

HON.
PAT FALLON

Mr. FALLON.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions

to the Fannin County community by Sandy Barber.
For over 22 years, Mrs.

Barber has served as the Executive Director of the Fannin County

Children's Center, and she has over 31 years of experience in the

nonprofit and child welfare sectors.
A native of Arlington, Mrs. Barber graduated from Austin College in

Sherman, Texas.
Her passion for child welfare services originates from

her longtime desire to help put an end to the victims of abuse.
Under

her leadership, Fannin County Children's Center has expanded its

community programs and outreach to assist children who have been abused

and neglected.
Some of these efforts include expanding mental health

services, offering emergency resources and providing clothing.
Mrs.

Barber also oversaw the purchase and renovation of their current

facility in Bonham, Texas.