Under

her leadership, Fannin County Children's Center has expanded its

community programs and outreach to assist children who have been abused

and neglected.
Some of these efforts include expanding mental health

services, offering emergency resources and providing clothing.
Mrs.

Barber also oversaw the purchase and renovation of their current

facility in Bonham, Texas.
Moreover, Mrs. Barber has served on the board for Texas Court

Appointed Special Advocates and the Children's Advocacy Centers of

Texas.
To recognize her outstanding work, she was named the Texoma

Regional Citizen of the Year and Bonham Citizen of the Year.
Mrs.

Barber also received the Athena Leadership Award and the Angels in

Adoption Award in 2019.
I'm confident that many young people have been

inspired by Mrs. Barber's efforts and have no doubt that they will

follow her footsteps to help prevent horrific acts of child abuse.
I have requested the United States flag to be flown over our Nation's

Capitol to recognize Mrs. Barber's important contributions to the

children of North Texas.
May God Bless her.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF MICHAEL J. FRAIOLI

HON.
BRAD SHERMAN

Mr. SHERMAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues

Congressman Jim Costa and Congressman Raul Grijalva, to pay tribute to

our long-time friend and advisor Michael Fraioli, who passed away after

a courageous battle with leukemia.
Mike was a devoted husband and father and is survived by his wife of

27 years, Carol Eickert, his beloved children Michelle and Matthew, and

his brother Tom.
A Central Valley kid, Mike was born in Modesto,

California and was a long-time resident of Chevy Chase, MD.
After

working in his hometown of Modesto on the successful campaign electing

Tony Coelho to the U.S. House of Representatives, Mike moved to

Washington, D.C. to begin his long and successful career in politics as

a strong Democrat.
Mike was the founder and owner of Fraioli & Associates, where he

advised some of the highest-level Democrats in Congress and was a vocal

advocate for a variety of labor organizations including IAMAW, IBEW,

and AFL-CIO.
Mike made an indelible impact on both my political journey

and my life.
I had the honor to work with Mike since 1996, a few months

before I was elected to Congress.
I spent thousands of hours with Mike

over a period of 27 years--and I enjoyed every hour.
As I reflect on Mike's life, I am reminded of his unyielding belief

in the power of organizing and the necessity of empowering individuals

to shape their own futures.
He was a tremendous advocate and friend.
His passing leaves a void not only in the realm of politics but in the

hearts of all who had the honor of knowing him.
We would like to extend our sincerest condolences to Mike's wife

Carol, and his children Michelle and Matthew.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

MASON-DIXON FAIR

HON.
LLOYD SMUCKER

Mr. SMUCKER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Delta

Cardiff Volunteer Fire Company (DCVFC) on the occasion of the 25th

Anniversary of the Mason Dixon Fair.
In 1998, following the Delta Cardiff Volunteer Fire Company Carnival,

thanks to the leadership of Delta Cardiff Volunteer Fire Company

President Doug Farrington, the community came together to transform

their annual carnival into a Pennsylvania-sanctioned State Fair.
Land

was purchased and building infrastructure was created to host the

inaugural Mason Dixon Fair on July 12-17, 1999.
The fair's first year was held in acclaim by residents of

Pennsylvania and Maryland, and this success has continued over the

years.
The leadership of the fair changed following the passing of

Chief Doug Farrington in 2010, and for the next twelve years Fire

Company Chief Jeff Griffith continued to build upon the fair's success.
Now, Vice President Derek Macomber and his wife Becky lead the fair

with assistance from numerous dedicated community volunteers.