Vivian said ``I realized that I

had grown up at the bomber plant in the 3\1/2\ years that I worked

there'' and when Kaiser Frazer asked many of the wartime plant workers

to come back, Vivian answered the call by driving the cars off the line

and parking them in the lot.
After the war, Vivian met and married her husband, Lyle, who served

in the Signal Corps during the war in North Africa, Sicily, and Italy.
Together they had a full and extraordinary life.
They raised three

children and traveled the world, with the only continent they failed to

visit being Antarctica.
Their legacy now includes six grandchildren,

eight great-grandchildren, and two great-great-grandchildren.
After

Lyle's death in 1995, Vivian visited Europe with her seniors group,

specifically the beaches of Normandy.
This made the war much more real

to her, and she became very involved with her fellow Rosie's, including

an Honor Flight out to the capital in 2016.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me today in celebrating the

100th birthday of Vivian Litchard, a woman who answered the call of

duty at the tender age of 18 and served our country with dignity in its

darkest hours.
Though she may say ``It really wasn't a big deal, its

just what we all did'', we know that without the skilled workers

assembling B-24 Liberators in Willow Run, the result of the war may

have been much different.
We thank her for her service, and wish her

much laughter and blessings in her 101st year.
I thank Vivian.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING ROY HERRON

HON.
STEVE COHEN

Mr. COHEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember a devoted public

servant and dear friend, former Tennessee State Senator Roy Herron, who

died on Saturday after injuries sustained in a jet ski accident at the

age of 69.
Roy was a multi-faceted man of the people--a lawyer and Methodist

minister, who served in the state House and Senate for 26 years and was

the Democratic nominee for the 8th Congressional District in 2010.
He

also wrote three books about the role of faith in politics and a fourth

book about Tennessee political humor, co-authored with his friend

Cotton Ivy.
A gifted politician, Roy was first elected to the Tennessee House of

Representatives in 1986 to fill the seat vacated when Ned McWherter

became governor.
He served in the House in the 95th through 99th

Tennessee General Assemblies and in the Senate in the 100th through

107th, where he served as floor leader and then chairman of the Senate

Democratic Caucus.
He was my Senate colleague from 1997 until I left

the state Senate and came to Congress in 2007.
He also chaired the

Select Committee on Children and Youth, the Senate General Welfare,

Health and Human Resources Committee, and the Joint Tenncare Oversight

Committee.
He was a member of the Senate Finance, Ways and Means

Committee, the Senate Government Operations Committee, the Joint

Committee on Charitable Gaming, and the Joint Select Committee on

Education.
I was hopeful that we would be colleagues in Washington when he

declared his candidacy for Congress in 2009 after John Tanner announced

his retirement.
Roy campaigned throughout the 8th District in his old

red Ford pickup.
Despite receiving the endorsement of every major

Tennessee newspaper, he lost the general election to Stephen Fincher, a

cotton farmer who refused to debate him, as Tennessee took a hard right

turn.
In 2011, he was seriously injured in a bicycling accident while

training for an Iron Man competition.
He later served as chairman of

the Tennessee Democratic Party from 2013 to 2015.
Roy graduated at the top of his class at the University of Tennessee

at Martin in 1975 and was chosen as a Rotary Scholar and spent a year

studying religion at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland.