It

specifically codifies the Strategy for Pacific Partnership and requires

updates to the strategy every four years.
It also includes language

encouraging the allocation of more staff to the Pacific Islands, and

the facilitation of U.S. support for trade capacity building,

environmental change mitigation, education, civil society engagement

and security training.
These further initiatives support the significant strides we have

made in recent years towards fully reengaging the Pacific Islands

region across a range of common values and interests and in response to

specific Pacific Islands needs.
In this moment, as the Pacific Islands

recover from the health and economic impacts of the pandemic and are

confronted with increased environmental, security and other challenges,

this re-engagement is vital.
Our bill says to the Pacific Islands that

the United States is a partner they can trust and rely upon over the

long term.
For these reasons, I ask that my colleagues support our bill.
Mahalo

(thank you).
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE CAPSTONE AT CENTERRA FOR THEIR WORK IN PROVIDING

ASSISTED LIVING AND MEMORY CARE TO THE PEOPLE OF COLORADO'S FOURTH

DISTRICT

HON.
KEN BUCK

Mr. BUCK.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to acknowledge the opening of The

Capstone at Centerra Senior Living in Loveland, Colorado.
Capstone at

Centerra is a leader in innovative housing and medical solutions for

seniors in Colorado's Fourth District.
As an organization, Capstone

serves its residents at every stage of the aging process, providing

assisted living, memory care, and respite care designed to encourage

independence and support individuals with personalized care.
Colorado is one of the fastest aging states in the Nation, and by

2040, 1 in 4 Coloradoans will be over the age of 60.
With a rapidly

aging population and a shortage of assisted living facilities and

memory care services there is a critical need for more facilities, like

Capstone, especially in rural areas like the Eastern Plains.
Organizations who face the healthcare crisis head-on and continue to

provide high-quality, personalized, and innovative care deserve to be

recognized and supported.
I am proud to recognize the Capstone at Centerra for improving the

quality of life for seniors in Northern Colorado.
I hope that their

perseverance in advancing care will inspire other communities to

provide continued, personalized housing and medical care for older

adults.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING VIVIAN LITCHARD'S SERVICE TO HER NATION

HON.
DEBBIE DINGELL

Mrs. DINGELL.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Vivian Litchard,

a resident of Ypsilanti, Michigan on the occasion of her 100th

birthday.
Her lifetime of service to her family and to her Nation is

worthy of commendation.
Raised right down the road in Belleville, Vivian and many other young

women began working at the Willow Run Bomber Plant in Ypsilanti,

Michigan in February of 1942.
Eighteen years old and fresh out of high

school, the women of the Sewing Department worked 54 hours a week hand

sewing the covers of the B-24 Liberator bombers' ailerons, rudders, and

elevators.
It took a couple months for her to see the first completed

bomber roll off the line, but soon the Willow Run Bomber Plant would be

producing a completed plane every hour.
After the war ended, most

everyone was sent home.
Shortly thereafter, the plant was sold and

became the Kaiser Frazer car factory.
Vivian said ``I realized that I

had grown up at the bomber plant in the 3\1/2\ years that I worked

there'' and when Kaiser Frazer asked many of the wartime plant workers

to come back, Vivian answered the call by driving the cars off the line

and parking them in the lot.
After the war, Vivian met and married her husband, Lyle, who served

in the Signal Corps during the war in North Africa, Sicily, and Italy.
Together they had a full and extraordinary life.