At the time of

its founding, the Stotlar Pharmacy not only filled prescriptions, but

had a soda fountain, sold toiletries, gifts, film, cameras, similar to

what many would consider an ``old time'' drug store.
In the 1960s, the pharmacy saw many changes, which included moving

across the street from their original location, and now offering

pharmacy services, delivery, and a gift shop.
Joe Stotlar's sons, Jim and Gene, were physicians with offices close

by as they assisted in overseeing the store after their father.
The

family tradition continues today with Joe's grandchildren: Bill,

Barbara, Tom, and Rich.
His grandchildren are now serving as the proud

owners and managers of Stotlar Pharmacy.
Joe's family remembers him as a very good businessman who was willing

to help out anyone in their time of need.
With all the Stotlar family

has given to our community, I am proud to now give them the recognition

they deserve.
Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Stotlar Pharmacy for

all they do to keep Southern Illinoisans happy and healthy.
We are

fortunate to have such strong family businesses in Southern Illinois,

something that should inspire the next generation of community leaders

to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING ANDRES SADA

HON.
FREDERICA S. WILSON

Ms. WILSON of Florida.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the service and

accomplishments of Andres Sada, my intern who is transitioning from my

office to continue his mission.
A Florida native with Panamanian origins, Andres came to my office

ready to impact the American legislative system.
While in my office,

Andres has pushed my agendas to great lengths--from drafting memos, to

organizing information, and researching data.
In our time together, I have recognized that Andres is a force in

policy.
His passion has been powerful over the semester as we have

fought for the lives of underserved and disadvantaged communities.
His

commitment to international affairs has led Andres to organizing events

regarding Latin American Politics at the George Washington University.
Andres has successfully piloted the first GW Pride MUN conference for

Out in International Affairs.
Andres has and will continue to make a

difference and leave his mark on public policy as he continues to fight

for a better system.
On behalf of Florida's 24th Congressional District, I ask my

colleagues to join me in honoring Andres Sada for his exemplary

accomplishments, dedication to public service, and trailblazing

leadership.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MR.
JACK DING, RECIPIENT OF THE AMERICAN DREAM AWARD

HON.
MIKE THOMPSON

Mr. THOMPSON of California.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr.

Jack Ding, a renowned member of our community who has been chosen to

receive the prestigious American Dream Award for California's Fourth

Congressional District.
This award honors immigrants who have excelled

professionally, through entrepreneurship and innovation, in the arts

and culture, or through community service.
Mr. Ding's exceptional

leadership and advocacy makes him a very deserving recipient of this

recognition and award.
Mr. Ding was born in China, where he received a diploma for

electrical engineering.
He immigrated to the United States in 1993 to

study at Dominican University, working his way through school to

receive a Master's in Business Administration.
He became a United

States Citizen in 2008 and moved to the City of Sonoma, where he became

a vital member of the community through his advocacy and

entrepreneurship.
Mr. Ding began his career as a tax practitioner for the Internal

Revenue Service in 2007.
He then opened his small business, Unicom Tax

Services, with a focus on tax representation.
In 2010, he helped

establish a free tax clinic at La Luz Center in Sonoma.
He has served

on the Sonoma Valley Citizens Advisory Commission and is currently

serving on the Sonoma City Council.
Mr. Ding has been a champion for

the interests of California taxpayers.