As we celebrate 80 years since Britain led our allies to victory over fascism, I pay tribute on behalf of the Liberal Democrats to all those who struggled and sacrificed so much for our freedoms today.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the conflict in Kashmir and, with him, urge restraint and de-escalation on both sides.
Among the messages that voters sent to Ministers last week, one stood out: bring back the winter fuel payment for millions of struggling pensioners.
People will therefore be disappointed that the Prime Minister failed to do so today.
He says that he wants to “go further and faster” to clean up the mess left by the Conservatives, but on social care, which is so crucial for our NHS, he is going slower and slower.
Not only will the Casey commission take three years, we learned on Friday that the Government plan to take an extra seven years to implement it—it will not be implemented until 2036.
Will the Prime Minister rip up that timetable, make sure that he does not repeat the mess made by  the Conservatives, and get on with fixing social care  this year?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we are taking this in two stages.
We are already taking measures to increase support for social care—quite right too—while doing the long work to reform it and make sure we put a system in place.
However, I say to the right hon.
Gentleman once again that he comes to the Chamber every week saying that we should spend  more money, while at the same time saying that he does not want to pay for any of the measures to raise that money.
That is nonsense.
I am disappointed by that answer, and I will keep coming back to hold the Prime Minister to account.
People also want a Government who will stand up for our country against Donald Trump.
First, he came for our steelworkers and our car makers with his outrageous tariffs.
Now, Donald Trump is coming for our world-leading British film industry.
Will the Prime Minister work with our allies in Europe and the Commonwealth and make it clear to President Trump that if he picks a fight with James Bond, Bridget Jones and Paddington Bear, he will lose?
The right hon.
Gentleman really should listen to the sectors that he thinks he is championing.
They do not want us to abandon the work we are doing to try to get an agreement with America; they want that agreement to reduce tariffs.
That is the sensible, pragmatic way to protect our national interest.
It is not sensible or pragmatic to choose between the US and the EU, to abandon the work we are doing on trade with the US and to leave the tariffs exactly where they are.
That is the most damaging thing that could possibly be done.
I refer the House to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
For young people in Ipswich, there is no shortage of ambition, just a need for greater opportunities.
That is why last autumn I was proud to sign an agreement with Sizewell C to guarantee 500 jobs for people in my town, alongside additional investment for Suffolk New college’s courses on welding, engineering and fabrication, so that kids in my town can access the well-paid, secure, skilled jobs on offer.
May I therefore urge the Prime Minister to support a final investment decision for Sizewell C, not just for our country’s energy security, but for the once-in-a-generation opportunities for young people in Ipswich and Suffolk?
It is good to see a local Labour MP fighting for jobs in his constituency and achieving excellent results.
We will make our final investment decision at the spending review.
It is something that the Conservatives failed to deliver in 14 years.
We are unashamedly pro-nuclear, pro-growth and pro-jobs.
That is why we are making it easier to build small modular reactors and scrapping absurd rules that left vital projects tangled up in needless paperwork.
We are doing the work that they failed to do in 14 years.
Prior to the election, the Prime Minister promised that energy bills would come down; they continue to rise.
He promised that he would save the refinery at Grangemouth; it is shut.
He promised that he would unleash a generation of secure energy jobs in my city of Aberdeen.
Today, Harbour Energy—the largest independent player in the North sea—has announced that it is about to shed 25% of its workforce.
That is 250 jobs in my constituency gone in the blink of his eye.
Do you know who they   blame, Mr Speaker?
They blame the policies of theLabour party.
May I ask the Prime Minister—in fact, may I invite him to come to Aberdeen and explain to my constituents why he is willing to move heaven and earth to save jobs in Scunthorpe, while destroying jobs in Scotland?
Nobody wants to see job losses, but I remind the right hon.
Member that before we came into office 10 months ago, the Scottish National party Government in Holyrood, alongside the Conservative Government, did absolutely nothing for projects such as Grangemouth.
We have committed £200 million to secure the future of the site; we have delivered a £100 million deal; and we are helping with the training guarantees that are needed.
Like his First Minister, the right hon.
Gentleman will raise anything to distract from the SNP’s disastrous record, with almost one in six Scots stuck on an NHS waiting list, poor standards and violence in Scottish schools, and more than £1 billion cut from local government.
We gave the Scottish Government the biggest settlement since devolution.
They have been in power for nearly two decades; they have absolutely nowhere to hide their appalling record.