Crewe in my constituency has a proud rail heritage, with Crewe station boasting unrivalled 360° connectivity to all four corners of our country.
When the Conservative Government took the decision to cancel the second leg of HS2, it was a great betrayal of my constituents, taking a sledgehammer to our town’s prospects for regeneration and prosperity.
Will the Prime Minister look kindly upon proposals to extend High Speed rail north of Birmingham, which would utilise Crewe’s unique strategic value to the rail network and bring opportunity and prosperity to the north of England?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of stronger and more reliable rail connections in improving journeys and driving economic growth.
The Conservative party utterly failed to grip delivery on HS2.
Costs went through the roof, and timelines were shredded.
There were false promises and a total failure.
We are reviewing the position that we inherited, and we are committed to improving rail connectivity across the north.
We have already announced £450 million extra for the key trans-Pennine route upgrade, which will slash journey times and deliver growth and more reliable modern services for passengers.
This week, the Israeli Government approved a plan to officially conquer Gaza.
Just yesterday, Minister Smotrich vowed that Gaza will be “entirely destroyed” and that the Palestinians will have to “leave in great numbers to third countries.”
This follows the extermination of over 50,000 Palestinian men, women and children, and the simultaneous expansion of illegal settlements in the west bank—something I witnessed with my own eyes last week.
Will the Prime Minister now finally acknowledge that ethnic cleansing is under way and end all UK military co-operation with Israel, especially the illegal provision of F-35 fighter jet parts, or will he risk making Britain complicit in war crimes and be the Prime Minister to see Britain answer at The Hague for its role in this atrocity?
Most of what the hon.
Gentleman says is simply not right, but I want to address the position in Gaza and the west bank, because it is increasingly intolerable.
I am deeply concerned, particularly with the lack of aid getting in and the impact that that is having on hundreds of thousands of individuals.
That concern is something I recently reaffirmed to the Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, where I asserted again that a two-state solution is the only viable approach for peace.
Our focus is on delivering peace for Palestinians and Israelis, returning to the ceasefire, getting the hostages out, and getting in the humanitarian aid that is desperately needed in greater number and more quickly.
As a result of a relationship breakdown, my constituent Martin and his three children ended up homeless.
They have gone from living in a hotel to temporary accommodation.
Martin feels abandoned because Glasgow city council has not been in contact for months.
The months of uncertainty have disrupted all their lives, but Martin is especially worried about the impact on his children’s education.
Like any father, he wants stability for his family, but the lack of social housing means they are stuck in complete limbo.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that every child, no matter where they live, deserves a safe home and access to a good education, and that in every part of the UK we need to build more social housing in order to end homelessness?
I am deeply sorry to hear about Martin’s case, and I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend’s comments about every family deserving a safe and a secure home.
In England, that is why we are investing an additional £2 billion to help deliver the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
But in Scotland it is, frankly, disgraceful that over 10,000 children have no fixed home to call their own after nearly 20 years of an SNP Government.
That is the highest level ever and shows why Scotland desperately needs a new direction.
Last week I was talking to Jason, a pub landlord, and he told me that he has heard a rumour about the Prime Minister.
[ “Ooh!”] Not that one, not that one.
He has heard that there is a reason why the Prime Minister hates Britain’s pubs.
Landlords such as Jason are being battered by Labour’s jobs tax and the  slashing of small business rate relief, meaning that as many as half of Britain’s pubs could be closed by 2030.
Why does he hate Britain’s pubs, and if he does not, why is he taxing them into extinction?
Nobody likes pubs better than me, and we support them.
This is the same old nonsense: the Opposition say they do not want the rise in national insurance contributions, but they do not have the courage to say they would reverse it, because they know that if they did say that, they would be unable to say where the money is coming from.
That is how we got into the problem in the first place.
Few things are more harrowing than a parent’s desperate and repeated attempts to access the mental health support their child needs.
Organisations such as Smile, a counselling service supporting young people in my constituency, are stepping into the breach while young people languish on waiting lists without the help they need.
Over the past decade, Smile has been a lifeline for thousands.
Will the Prime Minister join me in wishing Declan and the team at Smile a very happy 10th birthday, and thank them for their invaluable work in supporting our young people and families?
I join my hon.
Friend and commend all the staff at Smile for their vital work.
Far too many young people are left without the support they need, and that is why we are recruiting an additional 8,500 mental health workers, providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and funding talking therapies across the country to bring down waiting times and get people the care they need.
With the so-called EU-UK reset summit less than two weeks away, will the Prime Minister reassure the House that he will not hand over any British sovereign powers, particularly the hard-won controls over our UK fishing waters, in backroom deals with Brussels?
As the hon.
Member knows, we have committed to resetting the relationship with the EU.
We think there is a better deal that can be had.
I am   not going to provide a running commentary.
What I can say is this: we will act only, as we always do, in the national interest.
We have secured a very good deal with India, we are talking to the US and we are going for a reset with the EU to boost our economy.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I am alarmed by news that the Press Association, which assiduously covers our exchanges here, may cut back its dawn-to-dusk coverage through redundancies.
Hansard faithfully records our words, but it is reporters in the Press Gallery who bear witness to the human drama here, and no amount of AI will replace the human eyes in the Press Gallery.
Will the Prime Minister join me and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  in calling on the newspapers and media outlets that fund the Press Association to hold the front page and reconsider these rash moves?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
We enjoy a free press and independent journalism in this country.
Across the world, journalists risk their lives, and lose their lives, doing what they do best: independently pursuing the truth.
On many occasions I have been at award ceremonies, usually on a yearly basis, where the names of those journalists who have lost either their lives or their freedom is read out, and it is always a humbling reminder of the really important work that they do.
As you know, Mr Speaker, Parliament has banned the charging of electric vehicles in its underground car park because of safety concerns.
Yet local authorities around the country often feel powerless to stop the construction of battery energy storage systems near people’s homes and near our rivers and canals, despite three fires already this year.
Will the Prime Minister look again at his Planning and Infrastructure Bill to make it easier, rather than harder, for local communities to have a meaningful say?
I am really proud that on planning and infrastructure we are taking the action that has not been taken for years to drive our economy, and I remind the hon.
Gentleman that that was signalled by the Office for Budget Responsibility as the single biggest driver of growth over the coming years.
12.36 pm (Urgent Question): To ask the Minister if he will make a statement on the potential implications for the UK film industry of the United States’s proposed 100% tariff on foreign-produced films.
As the House will be aware, President Trump announced on Sunday that he had authorised the Department of Commerce to initiate tariffs on all movies produced in foreign lands.
He has made other comments since.
This is a very fluid situation and we will continue to take a calm and steady approach.
I spent most of Monday talking to UK and US film makers and the general secretary of Bectu, among others, and I can tell the House that we are already in active discussions with the top of the US Administration on this subject.
We are working hard to establish what might be proposed, if anything, and to make sure our world-beating creative industries are protected.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that the film industry can continue to thrive and create good jobs right across the UK.
UK film and high-end television generated production spend of £5.6 billion in 2024, and we want to work with our domestic industry and international partners to continue to build on that success.
We are absolutely clear that the deep ties between the US and UK film industries provide mutual benefits to both countries.
Productions are, by their very nature, international partnerships, which are often developed and created across different countries and locations.
Indeed, US movies are often multinational precisely because US movies earn far more overseas than they do domestically in the United States.
The UK and the US both benefit when the likes of “Star Wars” and “Mission Impossible” are filmed in the UK, just as we both benefit from the close working relationship between our producers, talent and crew.
Our countries have a long history of working together to drive the growth and creative success of our film and television sectors.
From Cary Grant to Hugh Grant, and from Alfred Hitchcock to Christopher Nolan, British talent has often been at the forefront of the US sector, and I am absolutely sure this will continue in the years ahead.
I was once told by a film producer, “Never judge a film by the first 10 minutes.”
I think we can say the same of this.