Three years after Baroness Kennedy’s groundbreaking review on tackling misogyny in law, late on Friday, the SNP said that it would scrap its planned Bill to tackle widespread misogyny and hatred against women.
Plans to tackle misogynistic harassment, the stirring up of hatred, and sending threatening or abusive communications to women, and an aggravated offence of misogyny—all scrapped in favour of a watered-down amendment to the Hate Crime and Public Order (Scotland) Act 2021.
Women across the United Kingdom need action, and reassurance that politicians will root out the attitudes that lead to hatred against women in public life.
If the SNP will not do it, will this Government act to give women the support that they need?
The hon.
Lady makes an impassioned point.
It will be a fundamental part of the violence against women and girls strategy to get to the exact reason why we have ended up with an epidemic of violence against women and girls in all the nations of the United Kingdom, and to root it out.
For too long, we have sought to put ever-bigger plasters on the problem, rather than finding the reason for it and preventing it from happening.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to promote equality as part of the Government mission entitled “break down barriers to opportunity.”
This Government are clear that equality and opportunity are at the heart of our programme of national renewal and economic growth.
The opportunity mission is all about creating a fairer Britain, giving every child the best start in life through our plan for change, building skills for the future and ultimately driving up household incomes.
Just last month, we rolled out the first 750 new free breakfast clubs, to give children the best start to their school days and families more choice at work.
Under the previous Government, there was an increase in inequality and in the attainment gap, and lower performance in core subjects such as maths and science.
Dyslexic students and students with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder in my constituency of Broxtowe have been further disadvantaged by delays and misdiagnosis.
What steps is the Minister taking to support young people with dyslexia and ADHD to ensure that they succeed?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, which I know will be of concern to Members across the House.
The Government know that all too often, children with special educational needs and disabilities do not have the good educational outcomes that we would all want for them.
It is really important that we do more to support neurodivergent children and young people, including those with dyslexia and ADHD.
That is why we have established a neuro-divergence taskforce—an expert group that will support us to deliver better mainstream inclusion, while ensuring that we have more specialist provision for children who need it.
In order to strengthen the evidence base, we have commissioned work from University College London on the most effective tools and strategies to support children with a wide range of needs.
My constituents repeatedly raise with me the lack of affordable childcare as a key factor driving the gender pay gap.
To give families real choice in those crucial early months, will the Government consider increasing paternity pay to 90% of earnings, with a cap for higher earners?
The hon.
Lady will recognise that this Government have expanded workers’ rights, and are making sure that new mums and dads can spend more precious time with their young family.
As she says, it is important that high-quality early years education and childcare is available for parents, so that they have good work choices.
That is why we have expanded childcare provision and more than doubled the early years pupil premium.
We are also rolling out new primary-based nurseries in schools across the country.