The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked— What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
The Government have set out an unprecedented mission to halve violence against women and girls within a decade, and we have already set out a number of transformative measures to overhaul the policing response to these terrible crimes.
This includes announcing a £13 million investment in the new national centre for violence against women and girls and public protection, and we will publish the new violence against women and girls strategy before the summer recess.
Recent figures show that sexual offences recorded by Greater Manchester police have quadrupled since 2010, with the Wigan borough seeing the most domestic abuse call-outs.
Although the domestic abuse protection order trial in Wigan is welcome, more must be done to ensure that women and girls are safe.
Does the Minister agree that broader societal action is needed, and can she outline how the Government will work across Departments, public services and local authorities to address this crisis?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Victims Minister and I chair the violence against women and girls cross-government board, which meets very regularly.
It has led to our violence against women and girls strategy, which sits within that.
It is an expert group that helps us on policy.
It includes local government, the voluntary sector, the police and other members of civil society.
She is absolutely right to say that this policy will involve everybody.
In November, a report by the child safeguarding practice review panel found that a focus on child sexual abuse in the home has been lost in the past 20 years.
Its key finding were: that there were systematic failings across the board in identifying and responding to signs of child sexual abuse; that there is an over-reliance on the criminal justice system; and, crucially, that children’s voices are not being heard.
How will the Minister ensure that a focus on in-home child sexual abuse is built into the Government’s violence against women and girls strategy, and that it will have children’s voices at its heart?
We are working with Cabinet Office colleagues and others across Government on the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
It is vital to ensure that any strategy includes therapeutic and other support for child victims, so that they can take action, and we can ensure justice.
Will the Minister please give consideration to women’s safety in and around railway stations?
Will she focus on unmanned railway stations?
I have many in my constituency.
Women travelling alone at night should not feel afraid, yet many do.
We are committed to the safer streets mission, and to halving violence against women and girls in the next decade.
We will continue to work closely with the rail industry, including the British Transport Police, to do that.
Work being done includes a review of the secure station scheme, which ensures that train operators meet a set of standards for security at stations; and we are taking measures that support personal safety.
My constituent Keith Levell was sexually abused at school, and was referred to as a number, not a name, during the investigations.
He has been holding out for the redress scheme for victims of child sexual abuse, and for a written apology for the life-changing experiences to which he was subjected.
On behalf of Keith and many others in his situation, why have the Government reportedly scrapped the Conservative plans for a redress scheme in England and Wales?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and to the many others who came forward during the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse, but what I would like to tell him is that when I came to office, there was absolutely no plan on this issue, other than a sentence to say that something would be done around the redress scheme.
I have updated the House fully on the IICSA recommendations, and can tell the hon.
Lady that the plan is still in train.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the issues faced by women with no recourse to public funds who are fleeing domestic violence?
As they may not be eligible for support with housing, they may struggle to find refuge places.
I would appreciate a meeting to discuss this issue.
I will absolutely meet the hon.
Lady to discuss those issues.
The migrant victims of domestic abuse concession applies to all migrant victims, regardless  of the type of visa that they are on, and it should be providing that support, but I am more than happy to meet her.