Despite what the Prime Minister said, speaking out for rape victims is not jumping on a far-right bandwagon.
Yesterday, it was reported that No. 10’s interim spokesperson said it was “obviously disappointing” to see people “weaponising” rape gangs for “political point scoring”.
How does that square with the harrowing personal testimony from Jade, Chantelle, Scarlett, Erin and Steph in Anna Hall’s Channel 4 documentary aired last week, where concerning questions continued to arise about councils, police, schools, social workers and children’s homes?
It was reported that in up to 50 communities, vulnerable girls who were under age—exploited children—were unbelievably labelled as promiscuous or child prostitutes.
The hon.
Lady points out the terrible things that have gone on historically, and that continue to be a concern across our country.
That is exactly why the Government are investing in the taskforce, which is working across the country with police forces to ensure that people can be arrested and girls can be kept safe.
Arrests have gone up.
Absolutely everybody thinks this issue is terrible.
I remind the hon.
Lady that she gladly served as Women and Equalities Minister under a Prime Minister who said that looking into these historical cases was “spaffing money up the wall.”
As a child, Jade got a criminal record during her abuse and exploitation, and now she cannot attend her children’s school trips.
Chantelle rightly said, “We are not the problem.
The men are the problem.”
Although there are plenty of good women on the Front Bench, I have to ask: are this Government simply more interested in protecting their own than staying true to their manifesto pledge?
That pledge says, “We will use every…tool to target perpetrators”.
Yet Labour is turning its back on that once again; you can hear it.
The Leader of the House called this “dog whistle” politics on national radio.
Why will the Minister and her Front-Bench colleagues not commit to delivering a proper, national, statutory public inquiry, and finally put victims first?
I will absolutely protect my own in this.
My own are the women in our country, who, for the last 14 years, have seen no efforts made.
People say terrible things, and the Leader of the House was right to apologise.
I wonder how many of those on the Opposition Front Bench asked the former Prime Minister to apologise for saying that looking into the lives of the girls we are talking about, through a statutory inquiry that had already happened, was spaffing money up the wall.
Where was the outrage?
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on access to venture capital for women.
A £250 billion boost could be added to the UK economy if women were given the same opportunity as men to start and scale their business.
That is why it is a priority  for this Government to increase access to capital for women-led businesses, and to continue to work, as the Chancellor has also outlined, with the Women’s Business Council and the invest in women taskforce, and on supporting the FTSE Women Leaders programme.
We have backed the invest in women taskforce, which launched an initial £255 million fund, and there is a £50 million commitment from the British Business Bank to investment via female investors in women-led businesses.
For every £1 of equity funding, only 2p goes to fully female-funded business—a figure that has barely shifted in recent years.
Closing that gap could unlock up to £250 billion for the UK economy.
Will the Minister outline what further steps the Department will take in collaboration with the Treasury and the Department for Business and Trade to address that persistent inequality and support female entrepreneurs in scaling their businesses?
My hon.
Friend is right; for too long, innovative women-led start-ups have been held back due to a lack of finance, with the proportion of equity capital investment going to all female-founded firms stuck at around 2% in the UK for the last decade.
Alongside the invest in women taskforce, the Department for Business and Trade is leading on the investing in women code, and working with finance providers to increase access to finance, resources and networks for women-led businesses.
I want to see us use the talents of all business leaders to support female entrepreneurs, which is right not just for women but for the whole economy.
In my constituency of Strangford, many women have started their own businesses, but there has been a problem in getting access to the finance to make that happen.
Venture capital will make that happen.
To ensure that ladies and women have the same opportunities as men—just because they are a different sex, does not mean that they are any less able to do the job—will the Minister ensure that venture capital will be available in Northern Ireland, for ladies and women in Strangford and in Northern Ireland?
The funding will be available to women-led businesses in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
It is right that we continue to support the work of the Women’s Business Council and others, and look at all we can do to support women in businesses, and those who are coming forward to start their own enterprises.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Government are taking decisive action to deliver our plan to make work pay, putting more money back into people’s pockets.
The Office for Equality and Opportunity recently launched a public consultation on mandatory ethnicity and disability pay gap reporting, and a call for evidence on other measures to improve security at work for everyone and tackle unequal pay.
We will work in partnership with business to deliver this Government’s plan for change.
Many constituents have written to me to express their concern on the recent UK Supreme Court ruling relating to the legal definition of a woman.
It has left the already vulnerable members of the trans community feeling uncertain about how they will be able to go about their day-to-day lives.
What steps is the Minister taking to work with her colleagues in other Departments to provide further guidance and clarity on what the judgment means in practice?
You will know, Mr Speaker, that I made a statement to the House setting out the Government’s position where we welcomed the clarity of the Supreme Court ruling.
I should also stress that, of course, everyone within our country deserves to be treated with dignity, respect and compassion, and trans people continue to enjoy protection from harassment and discrimination under the law.
We are working with the Equality and Human Rights Commission on its code of practice, which it will set out in due course following consultation.
My right hon.
Friend will know of the growing concerns around social media algorithms increasingly promoting misogynistic and harmful content to children, particularly using the hook of dangerous online influencers.
What steps is she taking working with Cabinet colleagues to protect young people from such destructive influences?
My hon.
Friend raises a concern shared by many across the House, and it is crucial that we root out misogyny, whether it is online or offline.
I am working with colleagues across Government to tackle those dangerous attitudes.
For example, through the Department for Education, we are looking at bringing forward updated relationships, health and sex education guidance to ensure that it prevents and tackles misogyny.
Alongside that, I know the Science, Innovation and Technology Secretary is determined to go further and faster to ensure that children are protected online.