The London borough of Hackney spends £54 million a year, and rising, on temporary accommodation.
Not only is that costing the taxpayer dear, but it is wrenching families apart.
Communities are being rent asunder, schools are closing, and families are living in hostels in overcrowded rooms or in far-flung areas outside London.
I welcome our pledge to build 1.5 million new homes, but will the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that social housing is a priority for him?
My hon.
Friend is right: families are desperate for the security of their own homes, and we are delivering the biggest boost to affordable and social housing in a generation, backed by £2 billion of additional investment.
That, and our reforms, will fulfil our ambition to build 88,000 new homes in areas across London, including my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
At the same time, we are tackling the root causes of homelessness, and, of course, scrapping section 21 evictions.
Under the Conservatives, inequality has surged.
More than 14 million people—including 2,000 children in my constituency—now live in poverty, while the richest 1% see their incomes soar.
Of the developed countries, ours is now the ninth most unequal.
Will the Prime Minister listen to the Liberal Democrats, the public and many of his own Back Benchers and commit himself to reversing changes involving, for instance, the personal independence payment, the winter fuel allowance and the two-child benefit cap, and will he introduce clear poverty reduction targets to ensure that any economic growth benefits those who need it most?
The hon.
Lady is right to mention the appalling record of the last Government, which saw 900,000 more children in poverty.
We are already delivering 750 free breakfast clubs and boosting the minimum wage for more than 3 million people—the lowest-paid workers in our country—and the child poverty taskforce is looking at every lever that can be pulled.
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record on tackling poverty, and we will continue to do that in this Government.
Last month’s data showed that NHS waiting lists in Wales fell for three months in a row.
In England, the waiting lists have fallen for six months in a row.
In Scotland, after nearly 20 years in charge, the SNP Government have left our NHS on its knees.
Instead, remarkable acts of charity from rock legend Rod Stewart are helping people to get the care they need.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Scotland needs a new direction so that my constituents in Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock do not rely on charity for their healthcare?