We all want to break down barriers to opportunity.
However, it seems that one sizable part of our workforce is being ignored, and that is women.
Women missing work due to endometriosis, ovarian cysts and other complications cost the economy £11 billion a year.
Fixing this would save more than double the amount that is to be spent on the unpalatable proposed welfare cuts for disabled people.
Does the Minister agree that improving women’s health will break down a huge barrier to work, and if so, how is she working with other Departments to fix this?
I agree with my hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee, and I pay tribute to her for all her campaigning work in the important area of women’s health.
The Government recognise the terrible impact that these conditions can have on women’s ability to work and live their lives as they should.
That is why we are committed to implementing a women’s health strategy as part of the 10-year plan, and I know that the  Health Secretary is determined to bring down waiting lists, which have all too often affected women, including those with conditions such as endometriosis.
We are making progress, but there is much more to do.
East Sussex Hearing is a charity in Eastbourne that supports people with hearing disabilities to break barriers to opportunity through provision of life-changing hearing equipment and support.
It is keen to work with the local hospital trust and integrated care board to take its services to more people.
Will the Minister back its efforts to engage with the trust and ICB to help bring its charitable services to more people with hearing disabilities in Eastbourne and beyond?
That sounds like a sensible and constructive suggestion.
I will ensure that the views of the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents are shared with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care, so that they can provide further advice on how that might best be taken forward.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help protect girls from sex-based violence by grooming gangs.
The Government are taking unprecedented action to improve the response to these heinous crimes, so that we get more perpetrators behind bars and get justice for victims and survivors.
We are increasing investment in the taskforce, and every police force has been asked to review cases that were closed with no further action taken.
Arrests are increasing.
We are expanding victims’ rights to review.
Crucially, we are introducing the new, long-overdue mandatory reporting duties, and the new statutory aggravating factor for grooming offences.
In previous Parliaments, the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee held inquiries on Rochdale, Rotherham and other towns where sex grooming was taking place.
We now know that this is a nationwide problem.
We heard from Baroness Casey—then Dame Louise Casey—that there was a problem with Pakistani men and their culture, and that the victims were predominantly white girls in council care.
We have evidence that council staff, councillors, social workers and possibly the police have been complicit, or have at least turned a blind eye to the issue, so local inquiries will not be good enough.
Will the Minister call for a national, judge-led inquiry, in which witnesses are required to give evidence under oath, so that those who turned a blind eye can be brought to justice?
To answer the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, to be clear, national statutory inquiries do not send anyone to prison.
He rightly mentioned Baroness Casey and her work in Rotherham, and others’ work in Rochdale.
The reason why we know about some of the terrible behaviours is because of the brilliant local inquiries undertaken in those towns.
Louise Casey is undertaking a national audit that will report shortly.