The Prime Minister talks about clean energy.
We have the second highest amount of renewables on the grid in Europe, and yet we still have the highest energy bills.
This is not about clean energy.
The Prime Minister has broken another promise.
He will not admit it, but is the truth not that he cannot cut energy bills because of his net zero policy?
Energy bills based on fossil fuels have fluctuated massively in the last three years because we are exposed to the international markets.
The only  way to get bills down is to go to renewable energy, which is something that the Leader of the Opposition used to believe in.
In the words of the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , the shift to net zero “must now happen as a matter of urgency.
It is no longer simply an environmental issue—energy independence should be viewed as part of our national security.”
He must have our lines, Mr Speaker.
What about the Leader of the Opposition herself?
This is what she said: “We believe that green trade and investment will be the future-proofing force that will help us create a better tomorrow”.
She went on to say “it’s long-term investment in nuclear and renewables that will reduce our dependence on fossil fuels and keep down consumer costs.”
She has a reputation, apparently, for straight talking: she was right then, wasn’t she?
This approach to net zero is “irrational”; it is “doomed to fail”.
Those aren’t my words; they are Tony Blair’s.
If the Prime Minister wants to throw words about, he should speak to him.
The truth is that the Prime Minister is on another planet.
His net zero plans mean ever more expensive energy.
Across this country, jobs are disappearing.
Last week, a ceramics factory in Stoke closed because of energy costs.
This morning, 250 more job losses have been announced in the North sea, and yet the amount of gas the UK is importing is doubling, so why is he shutting down the North sea rather than getting our oil and gas out of the ground and making energy cheaper?
As I have said many times, oil and gas will be part of the mix for many decades to come, but net zero is an opportunity to be seized.
We have had over £43 billion invested in clean energy since July of last year, which is good for the economy, for business, for jobs, for apprentices and for growth.
The global race is on for the jobs of the future, and I believe Britain can win that race.
I do not think that the Leader of the Opposition is yet a climate denier, but she is a climate defeatist: she does not believe in Britain’s ability to win the race for our economy, businesses and jobs.
They have never backed Britain, and there is nothing patriotic about that.