I am a great believer in Britain being one of the greatest meritocracies in the world, where—at least in our party—people can rise to the very top, irrespective of race, religion or gender.
The Government’s consultation on reforming equality law is a litany of activist demands and bureaucratic burdens, with no proof that any of the measures would reduce inequality.
Why are the Government so determined to put people into boxes on the basis of race, instead of promoting equality of opportunity for all?
This Labour Government are determined to break the link between background and success, so that where someone is from does not determine what they can go on to achieve and so everyone has the chance to get as far as their hard work and talent will take them.
It is important that we tackle the unacceptable gaps we see around access to employment and pay for people from minority ethnic communities and disabled people, too.
That is why we are consulting on this, working with business, and we want to get this right.
The Tories shamefully left the gender pay gap persistently high.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Labour’s childcare expansion, free breakfast clubs and new nurseries will drive up women’s incomes and work choices,  who are disproportionately more affected by caring responsibilities?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
This Labour Government are determined to ensure that all women have choices when it comes to balancing work and family life.
That is why we are expanding access to childcare through new free breakfast clubs and new primary-based nurseries, and I am delighted that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will benefit from one of those new free breakfast clubs.
Perpetrators hanging around school, malicious contact with customers, and rat poison being sent to my constituents’ homes are all frightening experiences faced by victims of domestic abuse, but police responses  are inconsistent, even when perpetrators are on bail.
What is the Secretary of State doing to work with other Departments to ensure that everyone in the system, from call handlers to Crown Prosecution Service workers, has training on forms of non-violent abuse to ensure that children and women are protected?
The hon.
Lady raises some incredibly important points and shines a light on the experiences of victims in her constituency.
This Government are determined to halve violence against women and girls.
That is why, as my hon.
Friend the Minister for Safeguarding and Violence Against Women and Girls set out earlier, we are taking a range of actions right across Government.
We are of course always happy to consider further areas where action is needed, so that all women and girls are able to live free from abuse and intimidation within our society.
This week we celebrate the International Day of Midwives.
Midwives are an essential part of ending inequity in maternal health, delivering lifesaving community-based care.
Will the Minister please commit to working with the Minister for Health to ensure that our 10-year health strategy and the NHS workforce plan put adequate resources into the overstretched maternity units in many, often deprived, parts of our country?
Yes, I am happy to give my hon.
Friend that commitment.
I know how seriously the Health Secretary takes this issue, because he knows, as I do, that too many women have been failed by poor maternal care and during traumatic experiences, and that all women deserve safe, compassionate care in those often quite difficult times that they can experience.
That is why we are committed to training thousands more midwives and, through our NHS 10-year plan, we will ensure that there is equitable access right across the country for all women as they experience pregnancy and childbirth.