The Prime Minister has got no answer.
He could not even bring himself to say something to the 250 people who found out this morning that they have lost their job.
The fact is that pensioners are poorer and people are being laid off.
From winter fuel to net zero, his energy policy is a disaster, and everyone knows it.
We know it, the public know it, the unions know it, his MPs know it, and even Tony Blair knows it.
The Prime Minister’s only answer is to go further and faster in the wrong direction.
Why should we all suffer because he will not admit he has got this wrong?
Of course, nobody wants to see job losses, but the Leader of the Opposition should address her comments to the tens of thousands of men and women in this country who are working on renewables for the future of our country, and tell them that she does not want them.
That is anti-growth, anti-jobs and  anti-working people.
Every week, she comes along to talk the country down and carp from the sidelines; she cannot even bring herself to celebrate the deal we have done with India.
The Conservatives spent eight years fiddling around and got absolutely nothing.
We have delivered the best deal since we left the EU—the most ambitious deal for India—which will be measured in billions of pounds into our economy and thousands of jobs in this country.
The Leader of the Opposition should be welcoming that.
The UK automotive sector faces major challenges, and Trump’s tariffs are the latest crisis to hit the industry.
Investment and jobs are now on the line, from Mini to McLaren, Aston Martin, Jaguar Land Rover and many others.
Will the Prime Minister continue to make those companies’ case in his talks with the US regime and remain a champion for this vital sector, unlike the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage), who believes that Jaguar deserves to go bust?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
We are backing British car companies such as JLR, and our India trade deal will see tariffs slashed for car sales, which is good for British jobs.
The criticism of the double taxation is incoherent nonsense.
It is a benefit to working people; it is in the agreements that we already have with 50 other countries.
If  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  or the Leader of the Opposition are seriously suggesting that they are going to tear up agreements with 50 other countries, creating a massive hole in our economy, they should get up and say so.