A rather “Lawrence of Arabia” question.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point.
I have already had discussions on other matters relating to the creative industries with Members of the Executive in Northern Ireland, and I think I have another call next week, so I will of course make sure they are consulted.
He makes a very good point about tourism.
An awful lot of tourists who come to the UK want to see the places where some of their favourite movies and television series were made.
That is one of the things that VisitBritain is capitalising on at the moment with its “Starring GREAT Britain” campaign.
I very much enjoy discussing the British film industry, because Members across the House stand up and say that they have the Hollywood of Hertfordshire or Bedfordshire and everywhere else.
I am blessed in Spelthorne to have Europe’s biggest film studios and the second biggest in the world in Shepperton—interestingly, it is second not to Hollywood but to China.
There is a certain amount of nervousness in Spelthorne as a result of the posting on Truth Social that the Minister has come here to talk about.
I agree with him that it is incredibly difficult logistically and technically to unpick the US-UK intellectual property in a film, and I think it will prove to be so.
I therefore commend him for his considered run at this; I think it is the right thing to do.
A couple of weeks ago I visited Cineco, one of our many British film support companies, which makes sets and props.
One point it made on skills is that the apprenticeship model does not work terribly well for industries that have so many freelancers and such lumpy work schedules.
As a sidebar to the Minister’s meeting with industry leaders tomorrow, would he please raise and discuss that with industry leaders?
Another “Lawrence of Arabia” question.
Interestingly, I was at the Bad Wolf studios in Cardiff last week, and one thing Jane Tranter raised with me was how important the security of knowing that they have a number of projects in their studios has been to taking on apprentices in the company.
They have been making not just “Doctor Who” but “His Dark Materials”, and “Industry” is being filmed there at the moment.
There are a whole series of different projects, and that enables the studios to take people  on not just on a daily basis.
We need to change the   apprenticeship levy in the UK so that it works better for the film industry and so that the industry can make long-term commitments to people’s future careers.
I appreciate the Minister’s comments this afternoon.
I am a member of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee, and we have heard over and over again how important UK film tax credits are to the industry and about the tangible difference they make to film makers across the UK.
Can the Minister say whether the Government are considering increasing or adjusting them in any way to maintain competitiveness with US and other international markets, given the context we are now working within?
I have always said that I support film tax credits.
Labour first introduced them under Gordon Brown.
They were continued by the Conservative Government, and then we introduced two new ones.
Incidentally, I think that the independent £15 million movie tax credit will make a significant difference to the UK, particularly at this point.
I note that some documents produced around the semi-announcement in the United States of America have praised the way that we have done things in the UK, and other parts of the world want to mirror it.
I will take praise wherever I can get it.
The uncertainty of President Trump’s comments puts an unsettledness in the industry, especially in Northern Ireland, where we have the Titanic Studios and Northern Ireland Screen working away.
Titanic Studios is already working on “A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms”, which is a prequel to “Game of Thrones”, so there is a lot of activity going on in the industry.
Will the Minister consider including Northern Ireland Screen in his meeting tomorrow with the industry, rather than leaving it another week to engage with it?
That is a very fair point; I am happy to do that.
I am deeply proud that St Margarets in my constituency has been home to Twickenham Film Studios for over 100 years.
The studios have been involved in production and post-production work for big-name films including “The Italian Job” and “Ghandi”, and most recently they did the Oscar-winning sound production for “Top Gun: Maverick”.
However, they have been beset by financial challenges, from the US writers’ strike to the sky-rocketing business rates mentioned by my hon.
Friend  the Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) .
The tariffs could deal a fatal blow to studios such as Twickenham.
Can I urge the Minister, as others have, to work with the Treasury and the Valuation Office Agency on bringing down the rateable value of film studios?
Can I also invite him to follow in the footsteps of Tom Cruise and come to St Margarets to visit Twickenham Film Studios?
The thing is, Tom Cruise does all his own stunts, doesn’t he?
I am a little bit nervous about being dangled off the back of a helicopter or dumped  in a vat of—I don’t know.
[Interruption.]
The shadow Minister says he will happily arrange it.
Well, then, I invite him to see the Rhondda tunnel; we can dangle him down a hole as well.
The hon.
Lady is making a point that has been made several times.
Tom Cruise is one of the biggest investors in the UK because of all the movies that have been made here, and we are very grateful to him.
The British Film Institute will be honouring him next week, and I think that is really good.
As I say, we are the best place in the world to make movies, and we want to continue that.
I feel very left out, not having a studio in my constituency, but we have produced some of the best actors in the world, including Sir Stanley Baker.
I think one of his best films—you will know this, Mr Speaker—was “Sodom and Gomorrah”.
I was thinking of a different film.
What film were you—hang on, we are not meant to do this, are we?
Order, order.
As I was saying, I am also very proud of the young actor Callum Scott Howells, who is doing phenomenally well.
For the final episode, I call Jim Shannon.