The Minister will know that the UK has a world-leading film and TV workforce that flies the flag for collaboration, British talent and economic growth around the world.
But he will also know that much of our film workforce is freelance and that they will be watching this news with anxiety, particularly as many of them are still recovering from the impact of the recent US industrial action.
I thank the Minister for his hard work.
I am pleased that he has spoken to Phillipa Childs, the head of Bectu.
The union Bectu is a fearless champion for our industry in the UK.
Will he join me in reassuring Bectu members and our film workforce that we are on their side and that, whatever happens, we will help protect film talent in the UK?
I shall make two points in reply to that question.
First, there have been difficulties over the past couple of years in the UK film and high-end television   industry because of what happened in the United States of America.
That makes the point about the mutuality between the US and the UK film industry all the stronger.
The truth is that I would like the US movie industry to be strong, because if it is strong, our industry will be strong as well.
There are net benefits for both of us, and there is a win-win situation.
The second point is about freelance work.
I have often worried that so much of the creative industries relies on freelance workers.
In many cases, that is great, because people want that kind of career, but they also need some degree of security if they are to be able to take out a mortgage and plan their economic future.
That is definitely one of the things that we will look at in relation to the industrial strategy, which we hope to be publishing soon.
The film industry is enormously important to the Buckinghamshire economy.
Pinewood Studios is in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Beaconsfield (Joy Morrissey) , but many of my constituents are supported in jobs not just at the studios themselves, but in the many supply-chain businesses that feed into them.
Pinewood goes over and above most other businesses I know in providing opportunities for young people through its Futures Festival, which showcases every single career that can be had in the film industry.
Much of that success is actually achieved on American money, because companies such as Disney and Amazon use Pinewood out of choice.
Therefore, on top of what the Minister has said about working with the Trump Administration to try to avoid these tariffs, can he assure us that he is working with companies such as Disney and Amazon to ensure that those American brands are speaking up to say why they are choosing Pinewood and other UK studios?
I think the first text message that I received early on Monday morning was from Pinewood.
So, yes, I am on that case as well, but it is not just about Amazon and Disney; it is also about the streamers and a whole series of other such organisations making their product here in the United Kingdom.
Of course, Pinewood is the home of Bond, which also makes the point, because historically the distribution rights for Bond were, I think, with an American company, but the production rights were with Barbara Broccoli and her relatives.
All of that is now with the US, but let me put it this way: I am very hopeful that Bond will still always be British.
I am glad that the Minister mentioned the phrase “win-win”, because in international trade in the film industry and the creative industries, it has to be about win-win rather than zero sum.
When I discussed this industry with Fabien Riggall, the founder of Secret Cinema, it became absolutely clear that we have such incredible innovators in our creative industry, and in the film sector specifically.
For them to flourish, we need to retain that sense that it is a win-win situation internationally and for the UK, not zero sum.
My hon.
Friend makes an extremely good point.
I will, if I might, just leap off the word cinema to make the point that film is not just about production, but about finding audiences.
One of my concerns in the UK is about how we make sure that  cinemas—or movie theatres as they are known in the US—can flourish as well.
They can be a really important part of dignity in a town.
A town that has a cinema is likely to be a place that has respect for itself, and I would like to ensure that that continues into the future.
Scotland is now one of the most sought after film destinations in the world, and US film companies regularly base their operations in Scotland.
We have featured in everything from Batman to Indiana Jones to “World War Z”.
All of that, as well as developing the film sector in Scotland, will be put at risk if there is any concept of tariffs at all.
Will the Minister work closely with the Scottish Government in his response to the US?
Will he state quite clearly that such a move would be mutually self-destructive, and that all parties are set to lose if the US proceeds with anything approaching tariffs?
I have already made the point that we think there is a win-win situation.
A strong US movie industry will benefit a strong UK movie industry.
I believe in fair trade and free trade.
In fact, over recent years, it has been worrying that more and more countries have wanted to put up protectionist measures around a whole series of industries.
It has tended not to happen in services, and to be more about goods, which is one of the other issues.
The hon.
Member is right about Scotland.
I am very keen on working with all the devolved Administrations to make sure that we remain the best place in which to make films and high-end television.
I do not know whether anybody has watched “Havoc”—[Interruption.]
Sorry, I was not referring to the Conservative party.
Returning to my point, “Havoc” was all filmed in Wales, but it looks as if it is an American dystopian city.
Warner Brothers Studios Leavesden is in my constituency and a genuinely world-class film and TV production centre.
It provides thousands of jobs, generates significant wealth for the UK economy, and earns South West Hertfordshire the reputation of Hollywood in Hertfordshire.
Major international blockbusters, including “Barbie”, “Mission: Impossible”, “Paddington” and the Harry Potter franchise have been filmed there, and the recently confirmed HBO Harry Potter TV series is set to be filmed there this summer.
Leaving aside the decisions that the Chancellor has made and the impact that they have had on the economy, can the Minister reassure us that he will continue to update the House and the industry more widely about how the Government will mitigate these tariffs if they come to fruition?
We are working on making sure that we have a proper trade deal that would not just mitigate the tariffs, but mean that we would not end up in the situation that the hon.
Gentleman has just described.
I know Leavesden well, and, for that matter, Warner was in touch very quickly—actually I think I was in touch with it very quickly on Monday morning.
I  am very hopeful that it will be part of our discussions when I gather the industry together tomorrow afternoon, but the hon.
Gentleman makes a good point none  the less.
Unlike many others in the House, I cannot say that my area—Totnes—has film studios, or that a major movie has been made in my constituency, but we do have a lot of creatives living in our community, from writers to musicians and producers.
We also have a costume maker, who happens to be my daughter.
I am very proud of her and she is entering this industry—an industry that we should all be proud of.
If these tariffs materialise, they will deal another blow to the UK film industry following the strikes that we have already seen.
Will the Minister assure us that he is ready to protect and insulate the UK film industry and all the jobs that it sustains, particularly freelance jobs, by pushing for either tax credits or business rate adjustments?
I find it difficult to believe that there has not ever been a film made in Devon, but if that is the case, one of my major aims must be to make sure that in the next few years a film is made in Devon.
Perhaps we will be able to get the hon.
Member a bit part.
I will, if I may, just refer back to Cheltenham.
One of the films made in Cheltenham many, many years ago was “If”, which is wonderful and was directed by Lindsay Anderson.
The word “if” is a very important one at the moment, because we are talking about if these tariffs were to be imposed.
On Sunday, the President of the United States said: “WE WANT MOVIES MADE IN AMERICA, AGAIN!”
Does the Minister agree that the key to making great movies is to ensure artistic freedom and expression and to grow the necessary skills?
With that in mind, would he visit Tech Trowbridge in my constituency, which is doing a good job in upskilling young people in multimedia?
Yes.
As a one-time producer of a British-made film, I am proud that North Norfolk has been the backdrop for many great films, including “Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa”.
It is no wonder that President Trump would want to dissuade such a film from coming to America, as Steve Coogan himself has said that “the only person on Earth who’s more Alan Partridge than Alan Partridge is Donald Trump.”
Can the Minister assure the blossoming creative sector in North Norfolk that he values its contributions to our economy, and can he give reassurance that the Government will do everything they can to protect the sector from another Trump trade tantrum?
The hon.
Member refers to some things I have already spoken about, but why did he not make his film in Devon?
He has obviously not got the message from his party colleagues.
There are lots of great British films that will be watched in American cinemas over the weeks to come, and I am certain that no President would want to say, “Don’t watch British films”.
One of the films I enjoyed most over the last few months was “Conclave”, which was a phenomenal success and remarkably timely.
The film industry is important in Northern Ireland; the Executive have poured a considerable amount of money into Northern Ireland Screen, and the internationally successful “Game  of Thrones” was filmed in Northern Ireland, much of it in my constituency.
We can see the benefits of that, as tens of millions of pounds have been poured in for building sets, for costumes and for catering, and even now thousands of tourists come every year to see where the filming was, so there is a long legacy.