There is no doubt that this speculation will cause huge worry to those working in British film production, but, as the Minister says, it highlights once again the importance of bolstering the British screen sector.
We recommended steps to deliver that in a recent Select Committee report, yet within days of publishing it, his Department had already asked for an extension to the time in which it would respond.
This weekend we heard rumours that the whole Department is up for the chop under his Government—I am not sure if that is before or after he has sacrificed our creative industries on the altar of AI.
The Minister is a brilliant communicator, and I know that deep in his heart he cares passionately about this issue, but when will he show some grit and action on behalf of our world-leading creative industries, in particular our screen sector?
I hope the hon.
Lady accepts that there are areas where I have taken very deliberate action on the back of recommendations from her Committee, not least in relation to a levy on gig and arena tickets to  fund support for small music venues—but I take her point.
I was not aware that we had asked for an extension.
We will get on with providing a response to her as fast as possible.
It was an excellent report; I have read it.
It contains lots of good things that I want to take forward, but we probably will not be able to do everything in it.
It is really important that we focus on skills in the UK screen industry; that has been raised repeatedly with me.
I want every kid in the country to have a chance to work in the creative industries, including in film and high-end television.
Many would not even think that that was a possibility, so we need to transform the whole pathway into those industry skills; I know that that is one of the things that the hon.
Lady’s Committee has raised.
Whether it is because of the fantastic, state-of-the-art Shinfield Studios just up the road, access to fantastic filming locations such as Swinley forest on the Crown Estate, or our incredible transport links, Bracknell Forest is increasingly becoming a go-to location for the film industry.
As the Minister has already touched on, we need to see more emphasis placed on home-grown skills, so that young people in Bracknell can access the fantastic opportunities that the film sector offers.
Will he say a bit more about what this Government will do to break down the barriers to opportunity in the film industry?
We have already invested significant amounts of money in the skills sector, and more came as a result of the Budget.
My hon.
Friend is quite right that his patch is a go-to area for film production.
One reason that US companies—and, for that matter, companies from many places around the world—come to the UK to make films is for our skills; we have some of the best cinematographers, technical experts and designers, as well as the acting talent, which means that it is possible to make a very convincing film in the UK more effectively and cheaply than in many other places.
We are determined to ensure that the UK remains the best place in the world to make movies.
Film studios are a really important part of our economy in Hertfordshire and give opportunities, jobs, apprenticeships and work experience to people in my constituency.
As the Minister has recognised, it is not remotely clear yet how the tariffs will operate, and many have said that they are unworkable, but if America goes ahead and we have to take action in this country to ensure that our film industry is competitive, I urge him to look at the business rates regime with the Treasury.
Sky Studios Elstree near my constituency has seen its business rates go up by more than 600%—they now account for 30% of its operating costs.
I encourage the Minister to look at tackling that regime, as one measure to ensure that we protect our creative industries and the film sector here in the UK.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point, which has been raised with me by several other Members.
We made special provision in the Budget to ensure that the business rates for studios are protected until 2034, and I think that is a good measure.
I know that some of the very large studios are finding it more difficult, and   I am happy to continue looking at the issue.
Let me read some statistics that may be helpful.
According to a report published in January by the Motion Picture Association of the United States of America, in 2023 the US earned $22.6 billion in film and television exports, and its services trade surplus was $15.3 billion, or 6% of the total US trade surplus in services.
It is mutually beneficial for the US and the UK to remain with the system we have, without tariffs.
As you will be aware, Mr Speaker, Harlow is the birthplace of Rupert Grint, Jo Joyner and Rik Mayall.
I have to mention Leila Khan too, because I used to teach her and she is an up-and-coming star.
Harlow has also recently doubled as Paris in an episode of “The Crown”.
Does the Minister agree that Harlow, as well as the rest of the UK, has a huge amount of talent and that, far from relying on US film imports, we produce some fantastic films in this country and our film industry is growing?
What can this Government do to support it to continue to grow and thrive?
My hon.
Friend is quite right about Harlow.
I would argue that many different parts of the UK that have never yet managed to get into films need to up their game.
Local authorities can play a role in ensuring that their area is considered as a potential place to make a film.
It is often about whether other facilities are available in the local area that can contribute to that.
He makes a fair point on behalf of Harlow, and if there is a film, he will be starring in it.
I may be able to help the Minister: Paddington Bear actually lives in Borehamwood, because the movie “Paddington” was produced in my constituency at Elstree Studios, which sits alongside Sky Studios Elstree as a jewel in the crown of the British industry.
It is no surprise that Donald Trump is jealous because, by many accounts, more film and television content is produced in Hertfordshire than in Hollywood.
As the Minister rightly said, the current situation is of mutual benefit to our two nations.
There is one thing that he could do right now, though, and for once I agree with the Minister—sorry, I meant to say  the hon.
Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) ; I will get my facts right in a moment.
The key point is that business rates are proving to be crippling for many of our studios, including Elstree, so I urge the Minister to have another go at the Treasury.
I remember a similar situation with the culture recovery fund; the Treasury is resistant to begin with, but if he keeps going, he will get some further movement.
That would be a huge fillip to the industry and would help it to withstand whatever shocks it may face.
I am very confused about who is and is not a Minister these days.
I accept the point: it is clearly an issue.
I remember that when we were in opposition, I was regularly knocking on the door of the now shadow Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew) , trying to get him to do something to persuade the Treasury to do something about business rates.
I am fully on board, and I understand the problem.
I look forward to  the right hon.
Member for Hertsmere (Sir Oliver Dowden)  assisting me in more endeavours in the future.
Hugh Bonneville told me that  he was slightly upset when he signed up to “Paddington in Peru”, because he thought that he would be filming in Peru, but he only got as far as Borehamwood.
The economy is set to benefit from a £50 billion boost from the Universal theme park in Bedfordshire, which will star Paddington Bear; all Members will welcome that.
Does the Minister agree that stars like Paddington Bear have an enormous amount of soft power?
We have heard that in the Chamber today.
What can the Minister do to reassure me that he will ensure that we protect and support the next generation of Great British storytellers?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
I am delighted that the theme park will happen; it will be transformational for the British tourism industry, apart from anything else, and it will be the largest theme park across the whole of Europe.
I am very grateful to my colleagues in the Treasury, who certainly delivered when it was necessary in relation to that.
I emphasise how important not just our film industry, but our high-end television—and, for that matter, the very existence of the BBC and stuff produced by ITV and many others—is as part of our soft power, although I think Paddington probably counts as hard power.
Shinfield Studios in Wokingham borough has brought hundreds of jobs to my constituents and to many across Berkshire.
It is a very important part of our local economy and a symbol of the UK’s creative strength.
We must not forget that Berkshire is the Hollywood of Britain, and it must be protected from Donald Trump’s reckless tariffs.
Will the Minister condemn these harmful tariffs and work with the film industry to ensure that the UK remains the world’s premier destination for film investment?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
We want to maintain the UK as the premier destination for international investment from not just the United States of America, but India, which I have already referenced, and Nigeria; I would like to see a lot more co-production between the UK and Nigeria.
It is worth bearing in mind that 51% of our movie exports go to the European Union, so this is a genuinely open market, and my belief is that free trade is better than tariffs.