Does the Minister agree that good transport links between the rest of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland are vital for business and tourism, and that delays and cancellations look extremely bad in the eye of the public?
Will he commit to contacting BA to try to resolve these issues?
I refer the hon.
Member to my previous answer: I have already raised regional connectivity with BA and other airlines.
Odhran Dunne, chief executive officer of Visit Derry, has said there is a “fantastic buzz” around that airport at the moment, and around what is  happening in the north-west.
It is great to see the work going on with the Northern Ireland Executive in supporting that airport, which is a driver of the regional economy.
What support will the Government provide to Northern Ireland airports to ensure our continued and improved connectivity?
The previous Government promised £2.3 million to Belfast International airport in my constituency, under round 2 of the levelling-up fund, which would create jobs, reduce air and noise pollution, and improve the passenger experience.
Will the Minister provide an update on that?
It is great that the Northern Ireland Executive are up and running.
In the devolution settlement they will be getting more money, and it is a matter for them how they spend it.
On Northern Ireland and particularly Belfast, only this week easyJet—the biggest airline operating out of there, providing 3.8 million seats—has introduced new routes to Prague and Marrakech, and new aircraft.
The future is bright for aviation in the Province.
What conclusion does the Minister draw from the fact that dubious cancellations such as those we saw yesterday are far more prevalent where there is a commercial monopoly on the route, such as there is between Belfast City and London City airports, which was the route affected yesterday?
If he draws the conclusion that connectivity is not helped by a monopoly, what action do the Government intend to take to encourage competition on such routes?
The hon.
and learned Member states that case, but there is a very open market in connectivity, with a number of airlines flying from Northern Ireland, and Belfast in particular, to the south-east and other UK destinations.
I refer him to my previous answer: when public service obligations come to be reviewed we will look at the matter in the round.
Rest assured that I am keen on connectivity between our great nations.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No. 57 )
Secretary Wes Streeting, supported by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Secretary Yvette Cooper, Secretary Shabana Mahmood, Secretary Jonathan Reynolds, Secretary Hilary Benn, Secretary Ian Murray, Secretary Bridget Phillipson, Secretary Jo Stevens, Secretary Steve Reed, and Andrew Gwynne presented a Bill to make provision about the supply of tobacco, vapes and other products, including provision prohibiting the sale of tobacco to people born on or after  1 January 2009  and provision about the licensing of retail sales and the registration of retailers; to enable product and information requirements to be imposed in connection with tobacco, vapes and other products; to control the advertising and promotion of tobacco, vapes and other products; and to make provision about smoke-free places, vape-free places and heated tobacco-free places.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time tomorrow, and to be printed (Bill 121) with explanatory notes (Bill 121-EN).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Chief Inspector of Drinking Water to issue guidance to water companies on poly and perfluorinated alkyl substances in drinking water; and for connected purposes.
Decreased fertility, thyroid disease, miscarriage, reduced sperm quality, cancer.
What do all those conditions have in common?
They have all been linked to the pervasive presence of PFAS—perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, better known as “forever chemicals”.
PFAS are used to make materials heat, water, flame, or stain resistant.
They are found in thousands of everyday products, from Teflon frying plans to raincoats to our toiletries.
Their bond is one of the strongest in nature, able to stay intact for decades.
In fact, those chemicals are so long-lasting that scientists have not yet been able reliably to identify how long it might take to break them down.
Because they are so difficult to break down, once they get into our environment and our drinking water, PFAS can easily build up in our bodies.
They can enter our bloodstream, and even be passed on to our children through breast milk.
That has severe implications for intergenerational health.
Studies have found that children exposed to PFAS build up are at increased risk of lower birth weight, weaker bones, and immune resistance to vaccinations.
PFAS chemicals are forever, and they are everywhere.
These chemicals are in the water we drink, the clothes we wear, the food we eat and even in the rain that falls from our skies.
PFAS affect every single one of us, young and old.
PFAS are all-pervasive, which makes the scale of the challenge incredibly daunting, but we must start somewhere, and that is why I am calling for the Government to start with our drinking water.
Despite all the alarming health risks I have just outlined, there is currently no statutory regulation of PFAS chemicals in England and Wales and no legal limit on the amount of PFAS present in our drinking water.
There is only guidance that water is “wholesome” and a limit of 0.1 micrograms for only 47 out of the thousands of existing PFAS chemicals.
It is fair to say that the presence of carcinogenic, non-degradable forever chemicals makes our water far from wholesome, and instead akin to a chemical cocktail that desperately needs regulation.
I should stress that these chemicals are synthetic, not natural.
Before their manufacture started in the late 1940s, no PFAS were present in our environment.
It is an injustice to future generations that they should have to suffer the consequences of exposure to these chemicals before they are even born.
People may ask, “Are PFAS a threat to us here in the UK?”
Yes, they are, and I have only to look at my constituency to see it.
The River Thames is at the beating heart of our community, where kayakers, paddle boarders and swimmers enjoy the river every day, yet the busy stretch of the River Thames in Teddington in my constituency had the sixth greatest concentration of PFAS in the UK between 2019 and 2022.
It was 11 times above the safe level set out by the EU, whose standards I will come to later.
The Thames is a notoriously polluted river, but concerns about our local water quality increased following proposals by Thames Water to construct the Teddington direct river abstraction scheme, which would pump treated effluent into our precious waterway.
It has been promised that the treated effluent would be the same quality as the river itself, yet there has been no assurance that compounds and chemicals such as PFAS would be filtered out.
When it comes to raw sewage spills, the Marine Conservation Society notes that there is no legal requirement for water companies to monitor for PFAS in sewer overflows.
A study conducted by the University of Portsmouth found that following sewage discharges in Langstone harbour, the amount of one particular PFAS— perfluorobutanoic acid, or PFBA—in seaweed was more than 6,000 times higher than in the surrounding water.
Can we therefore rely on mere guidance to make water companies take steps to filter out these dangerous PFAS chemicals from our water?
Sadly, I do not think so.
Trust in water companies is at an all-time low, thanks to eye-watering bills, the billions of litres of water lost through leaks, sky-high bonuses and illegal sewage dumping.
Against that backdrop, it is no surprise that people do not trust water companies to safeguard our water quality.
It is my belief that these water companies will only take steps if we make them do so, with binding limits set in law.
Existing guidance has failed to restrict the presence of PFAS.
According to the Wildlife and Countryside Link, not a single English river is in good chemical health.
Analysis by the Royal Society of Chemistry has revealed that more than a third of watercourses in England and Wales contain medium or high-risk levels of PFAS, and just more than a third also contain two highly toxic PFAS that have been banned internationally.
However, official monitoring data covers only a handful of PFAS chemicals and not all rivers are tested, so actual pollution levels could be even worse.
Although I welcome the new Government’s move to ban PFAS chemicals present in firefighting foams, which are a significant source of PFAS, further action is needed.
The previous Government sat on their hands and ignored this emerging health threat, but as we discover more and more health risks from PFAS chemicals every day, it is clear that they must be regulated more tightly as a chemical group, not as and when the threat is slowly identified.
We all deserve access to clean water that does not put our health at risk.
This is not radical action, as both the EU and US have taken significant strides to tackle PFAS pollution in recognition of the multitude of health concerns linked to the chemicals.
The US has introduced a limit of 4 nanograms per litre for perfluorooctane sulfonic acid, or PFOS, and perfluorooctanoic acid, or PFOA, while from January 2026, EU member states will have to ensure that the sum of all PFAS in drinking water does not go above a limit of 0.5 micrograms per litre.
Sadly, Brexit has meant that in the three and a half years since the UK left the EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals regulation—the EU system of regulating chemicals—our response to the growing threat of PFAS has moved at a snail’s pace and we have fallen behind.
Other than one internationally banned substance, not a single restriction on a harmful substance has been adopted since the UK left EU  REACH in 2021.
That is in part due to the UK no longer having access to the world’s most comprehensive chemical registration database held by the European Chemicals Agency; we must now go through duplicate processes for regulatory decision making.
There is a clear need for European alignment, and I sincerely hope that the Government will keep their manifesto promise to see that through.
It is also worth noting that Scotland adheres to EU guidelines, so it will be English and Welsh citizens who are left without the protections our neighbours enjoy, which is a bizarre misalignment.
If we do not regulate PFAS as a chemical group, we risk equally toxic new pollutants replacing the ones we regulate.
We risk becoming a dumping ground for products with banned PFAS.
We risk becoming the dirty man of Europe.
In 2023, the Health and Safety Executive identified PFAS chemicals as a risk for consumer exposure and recommended legislation to limit the presence of these chemicals in our drinking water.
Sadly, the previous Government did nothing, but my cross-party Bill provides a golden opportunity for the new Government to act to stem the untold harm being unleashed on our land, water and people, and to answer the call of the hundreds of groups and hundreds of thousands of citizens who are demanding action.
Only last month, 59 of the world’s leading scientists wrote to the Government urging them to adopt a more ambitious approach to the regulation of PFAS by regulating it as a group.
Surely it is time to listen.
Finally, I want to thank the organisations who have supported me with this Bill and have long championed the cause well before I became aware of it, including the Royal Society of Chemistry, UK CHEM Trust, Wildlife and Countryside Link and the Marine Conservation Society.
They and many others are dedicated to ensuring that we have a country where we can safely enjoy nature and preserve people’s health for generations to come.
Ultimately, this is not only about us, but about our children and our children’s children.
There is no better legacy we can pass on to them than to safeguard their health as best we can.
This Bill would be a significant step towards achieving that.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered, That Munira Wilson, Tim Farron, Alex Sobel, James MacCleary, Alberto Costa, Edward Morello, Ellie Chowns, Sarah Olney, Ruth Cadbury, David Chadwick, Cameron Thomas and Mr Joshua Reynolds present the Bill.
Munira Wilson accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 120).
Debate resumed (Order,  4 November ).
Question again proposed, That income tax is charged for the tax year 2025-26.
And it is declared that it is expedient in the public interest that this Resolution should have statutory effect under the provisions of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968.
This Budget is the moment we turn the page on 14 years of Tory neglect of our NHS, when we begin to fix the foundations of our public finances and public services, when we wipe the slate clean after 14 years of stagnant growth and under-investment, and when we start to rebuild Britain.
This Government were elected to deliver change: from economic chaos to stability, from crumbling schools and hospitals to first-class public services, and from short-term sticking plasters to a decade of national renewal.
On Wednesday, the Chancellor took the tough decisions to set our country on a better path to a brighter future.
Labour’s manifesto promised to protect the payslips of working people while asking the wealthy to pay more, and the Chancellor delivered.
We promised economic stability through new fiscal rules, and the Chancellor delivered.
We promised more teachers in our state schools paid for by ending tax breaks on private schools, and the Chancellor delivered.
We promised to end the non-dom tax status to fund 40,000 extra NHS appointments a week, and the Chancellor delivered.
Our country, our economy and our NHS were crying out for change, and the Chancellor delivered.
She did so against the backdrop of the most appalling inheritance faced by any Government since the second world war—and not just the £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
Let me set out for the House exactly what I was greeted with in my Department alone when I walked through the door on  5 July .
The Conservatives had told the country that they were on track to build 40 new hospitals by 2030.
The former Health Secretary told the House that the funding had been provided.
Putting aside the fact that there were never actually 40 new hospitals planned, I was informed in July not only that the programme was years behind schedule but that the funding was to run out in March.
The only place those hospitals existed was in Boris Johnson’s imagination.
The Conservatives promised to cap social care costs by October 2025, just 15 months after the general election, but there was not a single penny set aside to pay for it; the cupboard was completely bare.
Within weeks of the general election, councils were warning that it would be impossible to implement the cap by next October because the preparations had not been made.
Those were fantasy pledges that the Conservatives never intended on keeping.
rose— I am happy to give way to the hon.
Gentleman to tell us why.
On the new hospital programme, the Government committed in the Budget to move swiftly to rebuild reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete hospitals.
The Queen Elizabeth hospital in King’s Lynn is keen to make progress with its plans.
Will he meet me and the trust so that we can unlock the funding and get that hospital ready by 2030?
That is a commitment that we have made and a commitment that we will keep.
I am happy to ensure that the hon.
Member can meet the relevant Minister and project team as we get under way on delivering that project.
I did actually go back to check the pledges made by the Conservative party in its 2024 manifesto just to see how extensive the work of fiction was, only to find that the manifesto page on its website now reads “page not found”.
The truth is, had the Conservatives won the election, it would have been deleted just as quickly.
That was not all I was told when I became Secretary of State in July.
Despite 18 months of strikes in the NHS, there was no funding put aside to end the junior doctors’ dispute.
What is more, the previous Health Secretary had not met the resident doctors since March—the Conservatives had given up even attempting to end the strikes.
People should remember that this winter.
For all the challenges that the NHS will face, this will be the first winter in three years when NHS staff will be on the frontline, not the picket line.
That is the difference that a Labour Budget makes.
I was told that GPs would be qualifying this year with no jobs to go into.
The Government found the funding and we are hiring an extra 1,000 GPs this year.
That is the difference that a Labour Budget makes.
On the Budget, GPs, hospices and care homes have been found to be either exempt or not exempt from the national insurance contributions.
Will he clarify whether hospices, care homes and primary care are exempt or not?
That really matters to their costs.
I am grateful for that intervention for two reasons.
First, it gives me an opportunity to say to GPs, hospices and other parts of the health and care system that will be affected by employers’ national insurance contribution changes that I am well aware of the pressures, we have not made allocations for the year ahead, and I will take those representations seriously.
Secondly, it gives me a chance to ask the hon.
Member and the Opposition: do they support the investment or not?
Are they choosing to invest in the NHS or not?
They are now confronted with the hard reality of opposition.
Just as when we were in opposition we had to set out how much every single one of our policies would cost and how those would be funded, they have to do that now.
If they oppose the investment, they have to tell us where they would make the cuts in the NHS.
If they oppose the investment, they have to tell us where they would make the cuts in school budgets.
Those are the choices that we have made, and we stand by those choices.
The Opposition will have to set out their choices, too.