The Minister has referenced magistrates courts.
Cheltenham magistrates court, I regret to inform the House, has backlogs, but also an inappropriate courthouse.
It is failing victims, the accused and justices of the peace, and it is not accessible for disabled people.
The roof is leaky, and it is generally considered to be in a shocking state of affairs.
Will the Minister make a statement on whether there will be investment in magistrates courthouses to ensure that justice can be carried out at the local level?
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me with specific details of the issues in his local magistrates court, I will raise those with His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service.
We were successful in securing a £177 million increase in capital spending for the Ministry of Justice in last week’s Budget.
That will cover expenditure on prisons and courts.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence through the criminal justice system.
We are committed to supporting victims of those abhorrent crimes and have dedicated £26 million to support services through the rape and sexual abuse support fund.
We have also announced our plan to introduce free independent legal advocates for the victims and survivors of adult rape and are committed to working with the judiciary to fast-track rape cases through the courts.
Avon and Somerset police, who are responsible for upholding the rule of law in my constituency, pioneered a new, innovative way of investigating rape and sexual violence called Project Bluestone.
When rolled out nationwide as Operation Soteria it led to a 110% increase in rape prosecutions, according to Home Office data.
While an increase in prosecutions is very welcome, it also means that more victims, including those in Weston-super-Mare, are reliving their harrowing ordeal when going through a trial.
Will the Minister outline how her Department is working to provide support to the increasing number of victims experiencing the incredibly difficult trial process?