Is the Minister worried about the increasing criminalisation of young people?
I notice that the Ministry of Justice published statistics last week that say one in four people of working age in the UK had criminal convictions.
Should we not look at the current disclosure framework, so that people with criminal records for minor offences from years ago are not prevented from finding work, moving on and contributing to society?
My hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Justice Committee, identifies a subject that might well be useful for his Committee to examine.
A young person I know was involved in an incident at 16.
Can the Minister assure me that, because delays to going through the youth justice system have meant that that young person has not had the case adjudicated, that young person will not be adjudged an adult if they pass their 18th birthday when a conclusion is reached?
The hon.
Member draws attention to an issue.
If she would like to write to me about that particular incident, I will write back to her.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the register of judgments, orders and fines in England and Wales is an effective tool for financially vulnerable claimants and debtors.
The register plays an important role in helping lenders assess credit worthiness and enhancing financial transparency.
These objectives seek to support vulnerable debtors by encouraging and enabling responsible borrowing.
A consultation on including claimant data on the register closed recently.
Responses to it were very positive and I hope to announce a way forward imminently.
I am pleased to hear the Minister is moving forward with the next steps following the  consultation.
I would further like to congratulate the Minister on moving swiftly on this matter, especially as the consultation had been stalled since January.
I hope that with care and attention, data protection for claimants will soon be able to be included in the register.
Will the Minister also consider other updates to the register, such as recording partial settlements and shifting the burden of proof on debt satisfaction?
That would really help my constituents in Swindon.
My hon.
Friend raises some interesting points and, as he is, I am always very keen to help people in Swindon.
Our focus is on responding to the consultation on including claimant data on the register, which would improve financial inclusion by helping people to resolve judgment debts.
Once our response has been published and any reforms regarding claimant data are implemented, we will consider any wider reforms.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
We are committed to supporting victims and survivors of these abhorrent crimes, including through the £26 million rape and sexual abuse support fund and the funding of independent domestic and sexual violence advocates.
Furthermore, we will increase the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner to improve accountability when victims’ needs are not met.
Many of my constituents, including members of our local Soroptomist International group, will be taking part in the United Nations’ 16 days of activism against gender-based violence, which includes digital violence.
What steps are being taken in the prison system to rehabilitate individuals whose criminal behaviour was the result of being radicalised online, and will digital citizenship education play a part in their rehabilitation?