What steps her Department is taking to improve the enforcement of the code of practice for victims of crime in England and Wales.
We will implement the Victims and Prisoners Act 2024, which lays a good foundation for ensuring that victims know the rights they should receive under the code and that agencies are held accountable for delivering them.
We will consult on the revised victims code early next year, and we will go further by increasing the Victims’ Commissioner’s powers so that there is more accountability for delivering the code.
My constituent Dr Marie Gerval was a victim of stalking by a man with whom she had had a brief relationship.
He even put a tracker on her car without her knowledge.
There were needless delays in her case, and she felt that she was not taken seriously.
So bad was the stress that her hair fell out.
Later, it transpired that the investigating officer on her case was himself convicted of stalking a woman.
Will the Minister   meet me and Dr Gerval to discuss how the code of practice for victims can make sure that this does not happen to other women like her?
What Dr Marie Gerval experienced is totally abhorrent, but sadly she is not alone in experiencing these crimes.
The Government are committed to treating stalking with the seriousness it deserves by enhancing stalking protection orders, implementing automatic suspensions for officers under investigation for domestic abuse and sexual offences, and introducing mandatory professional standards for individual officers.
The Home Office is also looking at the police response to stalking as a part of our work to better protect victims of violence against women and girls.
I encourage my hon.
Friend to reach out to the Home Office Minister responsible for safeguarding, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , but I will happily meet her.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of commercial sexual exploitation through the criminal justice system.
The Ministry of Justice provides funding for vital victim support services to help victims recover from the impact of crime.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service has developed guidance to support and identify victims of modern slavery and human trafficking, including those who have been sexually exploited.
Scottish organisations such as TARA and Routes Out provide exemplary support to women who are exploited through prostitution and sex trafficking.
However, these organisations are faced with an endless stream of women, in part because the law in Scotland, England and Wales provides impunity to pimping websites.
Does the Minister agree that the UK Government should lead the way by outlawing pimping websites and offering support, not sanctions, to victims of commercial sexual exploitation?
This Government are leading the way with our mission to halve violence against women and girls—all women and girls.
The Victims and Prisoners Act 2024 will require local commissioners to develop joint needs assessments for victims of sexual abuse in order to identify and address the current gaps, and to support these women.
On outlawing pimping websites specifically, I would encourage my hon.
Friend to speak to the Minister for Safeguarding, but as I have previously mentioned, this Government are working holistically across all Government Departments, including the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology and the Home Office, to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
Good reducing reoffending activity cannot happen in overcrowded prisons, which is why we took immediate action to relieve the pressure.
This will allow for better access to purposeful activity, which we all know reduces reoffending.
It was a former Prisons Minister who identified that short custodial sentences have a higher reoffending rate than sentences served outside prison.
Does the Minister agree that we need to look at using technology to curtail offenders’ freedoms outside prison and ensure that we cut the cycle of crime?
Yes.
Electronic monitoring is already an important part of safely managing offenders in the community, and one of the principles of the sentencing review is to look at the punishment that offenders receive outside prison, considering how we can best use electronic monitoring and other technologies to safely manage offenders outside the prison walls.
As a former member of a youth justice board, I know that young people who are drawn into offending often lead narrow lives with little opportunity for personal development.
Has the Minister made an assessment of the provision of youth services, such as the Duke of Edinburgh’s award scheme, to engage with these young people and prevent reoffending?
We value youth services, such as the Duke of Edinburgh’s award scheme, that enable young people to develop new skills to turn their lives around.
In fact, the D of E scheme is available in all five of our young offender institutions, and 36 people in YOIs were enrolled in the scheme in August.
Last week I met former prisoners who had taken part in Greene King’s Releasing Potential scheme, which is now being expanded with two further training kitchens going into prisons to help people turn their lives around.
What are the Government doing to boost such programmes, and the employment advisory boards that we set up, to ensure that while prisoners are rightly punished they are also rehabilitated?
Such schemes and initiatives are exactly the sort of thing that this Government want to celebrate as best practice and replicate in other settings.
Answers to my recent written parliamentary questions have talked of the positive impact that relations with families can have on prisoner resettlement.
However, in a number of cases, particularly those involving sexual violence, the prisoner has no contact with the family and their release is usually a traumatic moment for those families and children.
That is why I welcomed Labour’s manifesto pledge to introduce a national identification system for the children of prisoners as a  vitally important measure.
What are the Government doing to meet that pledge and break the offending cycle across generations?
Identifying children with a parent in prison is important for ensuring that they receive the support they need.
Strengthening family ties remains an integral aspect of our work, which is why our family support workers help to re-establish appropriate family ties and facilitate visits from prisoners’ children.
My officials are working closely with the Department for Education to determine how much more we can do in this space.
What steps her Department is taking to support incarcerated pregnant women and mothers.
We are sending too many women to prison, two thirds of whom are non-violent and over half of whom have dependent children, and 75% of the time the child leaves home after the mother is incarcerated.
That is why we have launched the women’s justice board, which will set out its strategy in the spring.
Its goal is to reduce the number of women in prison and, ultimately, the number of women’s prisons.
All Welsh women in prison are held in England, and being far from home adds to the emotional torture of separation from children, but we cannot assess the extent of the separation without public access to Wales-specific disaggregated data.
Will the Secretary of State commit to making this information public so that we can ensure that pregnant women and mothers and children have the proper support they need?
The data on how we track the experiences of women across England and Wales will be work that the women’s justice board—once it is up  and running—will be able to look into and make recommendations on, which we will pick up in the spring.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the early release scheme.
The immediate purpose of the emergency release scheme was to stop us running out of prison places and to avert a total breakdown of law and order.
If we look at the prison population today, it is clear that we have managed to avert the immediate crisis, but this was only a short-term measure; we have also set out a long-term plan to build the prison places that the last Conservative Government failed to build.
I have also launched a landmark sentencing review so that we are never forced to look into emergency releases again.
In my Mid Dunbartonshire constituency, the community justice team are having success in preventing reoffending by working with offenders in a trauma-informed   way.
It is recognised that short sentences, as has already been mentioned, do not prevent reoffending.
Does the Minister agree that the prevention of reoffending is central to reducing costs, job losses, family breakdowns and homelessness?
It is clear that we have to do better on reducing reoffending, given that 80% of offenders are reoffenders.
Cutting reoffending is a strategy for cutting crime, keeping the public safe and helping ex-prisoners to turn their lives around.
I am sure that the sentencing review will look carefully at short sentences.