As my hon.
Friend will know, we are doing everything we can to bear down on the Crown court caseload, including extending magistrates’ sentencing powers.
The Budget also confirmed 106,500 sitting days for this year.
Earlier this year, I spoke with the now Minister for safeguarding and violence against women and girls,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , about my campaign to make court transcripts free.
She was supportive, but was not sure that Labour could commit to spending the £2.2 million that it would cost.
The Justice Committee has urged the courts to consider whether artificial intelligence-powered transcription could reduce the cost of producing court transcripts.
Will the Minister commit to carrying out the Committee’s recommendations before the end of this parliamentary Session?
I understand why the hon.
Lady raises that issue, but transcripts must be 100% accurate.
They are legal documents, so “good enough” simply does not cut it.
I will review what technology is available, and I am happy to keep her updated.
A report from May 2022 showed that only nine of the 32 prison education institutions inspected were judged “good” or “outstanding” by Ofsted; additionally, less than 40% of prisoners took courses up to GCSE level.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that if we are to tackle rehabilitation, we must improve prison education across the estate?
My hon.
Friend is right: the quality of prison education must continually improve if we are to achieve the best possible rehabilitation outcomes.
Will the Secretary of State make available—perhaps through a note in the Library—the number and type of foreign national offenders who, aided by deluded interest groups and dodgy lawyers, are resisting deportation by means of appeal, either to domestic courts or to European—foreign—judges?
I can assure the right hon.
Gentleman that all the data that was published under the previous Government will continue to be published by ours.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed)  pointed out, legal aid is currently restricted to those on the lowest incomes.
I have received correspondence from a constituent who, despite being a domestic abuse survivor, cannot access legal aid because her income is above the threshold.
Will the Minister consider widening legal aid eligibility to all victims of domestic violence?
Some cases are eligible for legal aid under exceptional case funding.
If my hon.
Friend writes to me with the details of the case, I will come back to him with any advice that I can offer.
As Ministers are doubtless aware, domestic abuse includes financial abuse and coercive control.
I have a constituent whose ex-partner is using the family courts to perpetrate his controlling and abusive behaviour against her.
What can be done to prevent the legal system from being used as a vehicle for extending domestic abuse by former partners?
The hon.
Lady is right: sadly, family courts are far too often used to re-traumatise victims of domestic abuse.
The Government are alive to that fact, and we are rolling out our pathfinder pilot to focus on a more child-centred approach.
I am meeting Surviving Economic Abuse this afternoon—we have a great relationship with that organisation—to see how best we can do more and support victims.
I wonder if Ministers are as astounded as I am that Conservative Members are still attacking us, as the shadow Justice Secretary did at the start of this question time, for clearing up their mess in the criminal justice system.
Will the Government commit to increasing capacity in our prison system, so that we can deal with the crisis that the Conservatives ran away from?
The shadow Secretary of State has not necessarily been in position long enough to have acquainted himself with all aspects of his Government’s performance in this area.
We will spend more this year on building the prison places that the last Government failed to deliver, and we have launched our landmark sentencing review to ensure that we never again have to make emergency releases.
HMP Garth has been likened to an airport because of the number of drones that illegally fly drugs into that prison.
What urgent action is the Lord Chancellor taking to end that unacceptable situation?
Drugs getting into prison is a huge issue, and I am very aware of the issues at Garth.
The Minister with responsibility for prisons will meet the governors and think about how to deal with those problems in the medium and long term.
There was welcome news for the Ministry of Justice in the Budget last week, but I did not hear any mention of legal aid funding.
When will the criminal legal aid advisory board recommendations and the civil legal aid review be published, and when can we expect to see some reversal of the catastrophic cuts made to legal aid and advice since 2010?
We will publish our response to the “Crime Lower” consultation in a matter of weeks.
I anticipate being able to publish the CLAAB report at that stage, and some of the documents relating to the review of civil legal aid before the end of this year.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if she will make a statement on the ongoing connectivity issues caused by belatedly announced cancellations of flights, such as those between Belfast and London.