The Secretary of State was asked— What steps her Department is taking to reduce the backlog of Crown court cases.
What steps she is taking to reduce the backlog of Crown court cases.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
We are funding 106,500 Crown court sitting days this financial year—500 days more than the previous Government originally agreed.
To reduce the number of cases that end up at the Crown court, we are also extending magistrates’ sentencing powers to up to 12 months for an individual offence.
It is important that victims of crime have the swift access to justice that they deserve, so I welcome the extra funding from this Government that will lead to more than 106,000 sitting days in Crown courts this financial year.
That includes nearly 3,000 in the Crown courts in Kent.
Does the Minister agree that dealing with the court backlog left by the Conservatives is essential to make sure that offenders are quickly brought to justice and faith is restored in the criminal justice system?
I agree.
This Government inherited a record and rising Crown court backlog.
We walked into a criminal justice system on the brink of collapse, with our prisons overflowing and our courts buckling under the weight of demand.
While we cannot fix this mess overnight, we will do everything we can to ensure swift justice for victims and to restore faith in the entire system.
I am sure the Minister will acknowledge that the Crown court backlog is caused by a combination of covid and strike action by barristers.
Will she outline   the steps she will be taking to continue Nightingale court sittings and to improve the quality and number of Crown court judges sitting and able to hear cases?
We are currently operating 18 Nightingale courts in eight different locations, and we continue to recruit to the judiciary.
The Conservatives cannot wash their hands of responsibility for the Crown court  backlog.
It was rising before covid.
They closed more than 260 court buildings.
They express concern now, but there was scant evidence of that in the 14 years they were in power.
Last week it was reported that the Crown court backlog is 71,000 cases, which could hit 100,000 unless radical action is taken.
Some cases have not proceeded at all because of delays, includes those involving victims of serious offences such as rape, reinforcing that justice delayed is justice denied.
I welcome the Chancellor’s Budget, confirming the significant financial investment in prison expansion and the Ministry of Justice funding settlement, which will increase Crown court sitting days.
Does the Minister believe that the measures will be sufficient to reduce the Crown court backlog to an acceptable level, or does she envisage that further action will be necessary, such as increases to criminal legal aid?
Legal aid is a vital part of the justice system, and it underpins our plans to build a justice system that works fairly for all parties.
The previous Government left the civil and criminal legal aid markets in dire straits and facing significant challenges.
We intend to publish our response shortly to the “Crime Lower” consultation, which relates to the fees paid to duty solicitors in police stations among other things, and we will follow up on that with our response to the Law Society’s successful judicial review of the previous Government’s decision on criminal legal aid fees.