As has been said today, justice delayed is justice denied.
I am sure that the Minister will agree that victims of domestic violence are being forced to wait years for their cases to be heard in court.
A constituent of mine has told me that the delays in her case have left her feeling trapped, scared and let down by the criminal justice system, while, she feels, her abuser is free to move on with his life.
What steps can my hon.
Friend take to expedite domestic violence cases, so that victims are not left waiting for years?
The Government inherited a record and rising court backlog, which has seen far too many victims and survivors waiting too long for justice.
Decisions on case listing are a matter for the independent judiciary, who, when possible, look to prioritise cases involving vulnerable victims and witnesses.
We are committed to bearing down on the caseload to speed up the delivery of justice for all victims.
Over the years, I have met a number of constituents who have endured the pain of a loved one being killed or seriously injured in a road traffic collision.
Last week, I met representatives of RoadPeace West Midlands again.
Ahead of the world day of remembrance for road traffic victims on Sunday 17 November, will the Justice Secretary commit to personally look at the “Remain and Report” campaign and to bring forward the promised consultation?
I have been lobbied by the same group in the west midlands.
I will certainly look at the representations that have been made.
Thomas White was sentenced to three years for theft of a mobile phone in 2012.
He remains in a category A prison 12 years later, having received an imprisonment for public protection sentence.
Two medical reports this year have confirmed his deteriorating mental health.
He recently attempted to set himself on fire and has since stopped taking his medication.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and his sister, Clara White, to discuss his case?
I am very sorry to hear about the circumstances facing my hon.
Friend’s constituent’s sibling in prison.
We are determined to make more progress with IPP prisoners, but never in a way that compromises public protection.
If my hon.
Friend writes to the Department with the specifics of the case, I will ensure that he receives a response.
A lady from Northampton was recently given a 31-month sentence for a tweet, whereas an individual who incited physical violence on the streets of Birmingham as part of a pro-Palestinian protest received a far lesser sentence.
Does the Secretary of State agree that such inconsistencies create the perception, at least, that we have a two-tier justice system?
It is incumbent on Members to ensure that such a perception does not take hold and not to inappropriately compare sentences handed out in different types of cases.
As the hon.
Gentleman well knows and  every Member of this House should know, sentences in individual cases are a matter for the independent judges who hear those cases; the trials unfold in front of them.