There are no public flights from north Wales to London, so we depend on trains.
Travellers on Avanti West Coast’s north Wales service endure chronic overcrowding, reduced direct services to London since covid, rolling stock breakdowns and on-the-day cancellations three to four times higher than the rest of the Avanti network.
That franchise runs to 2026.
What are the Government doing to make sure that Avanti offers the people of north Wales and their economy a decent— Order.
Come on, that is not even linked to flights.
It is about trains.
[Interruption.]
No, let us not kid each other—there is no point wasting time.
Let’s have someone else who will ask the right question.
I call Wendy Morton.
As  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  highlighted, reliable regional connectivity matters.
When the Minister is looking at public service obligation routes, will he consider also looking at the transparency of the data coming out of those routes, at reliability, and at penalties for failure?
It cannot be right that somebody gets the additional stress of a cancelled flight when they are trying to get to a hospital appointment.
People should not be missing hospital appointments because of cancelled planes in the aviation sector.
Yes, I agree with the right hon.
Member: it is a considered question, and when contracts come up for renewal we must consider them in the round to see how best they can serve the needs of the travelling public.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker, which as has been outlined is important to many of our constituents.
When we sit in the airport lounge and talk to people who have had flights delayed, we see their frustration.
I suspect, however, that you wish you had cancelled this urgent question—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  delayed landing it and took so long that I saw you getting increasingly uneasy as you were listening to him.
Increasingly we are finding flights delayed by one company in particular—British Airways—which has a monopoly on these flights.
There is an economic lesson to be learned, which is that monopolies are abused.
One has only to look at the price charged on some occasions, when someone could fly to Australia cheaper than they can fly to London with British Airways.
Sometimes BA gives technical reasons or weather reasons for delaying a flight, but often it is because planes are not full and it amalgamates flights.
Will the Minister commit to investigating with BA why the Belfast route is— Order.
I think you are Jim Shannon in disguise.
Come on, Minister.
We were struggling to get the question landed; we have been taxiing for a bit, and now we are ready for take-off.
I do not want to pick on particular airlines, but I am discussing regional connectivity in the UK with airline CEOs, which I think is vital—that is the point the right hon.
Member makes.
I point out gently that Belfast International is a great airport to fly through, and it is well served, not just by a single operator.
It has multiple operators serving multiple airports, particularly in the south-east.
In his earlier answer the Minister spoke about growth and connectivity being important.
How does the £2 increase—the holiday tax being added to airport duty—make a difference, especially when Ryanair has announced that it is going to cut 5 million seats?
That will have a dramatic impact on anyone wanting to travel within the UK and across Europe.
What impact assessment will the Government carry out to ensure connectivity?
I remind the hon.
Member that as a tax, air passenger duty is a matter for His Majesty’s Treasury.
In the Budget we announced APD rates from 2026 to 2027, to account for the previous extraordinarily high inflation under the Conservative party, and to ensure that the aviation industry continues to contribute a fair share to the public finances.
Given the dissatisfaction we are hearing about connectivity in Northern Ireland, which is a critical part of the UK, it seems to me that in the next review of the public service obligation, the Minister must commit to include Belfast City airport and a review of the operators.
Will he do so?
That is a good question, but I would do that automatically, and I extend that to the other parts of our great nation where the public service obligation applies.
Let us not forget City of Derry airport, which is vital for the economy of the north-west in that fantastic part of our nation.
Everyone understands that there are cancellations due to weather and other issues beyond the control of airlines, but will the Minister meet the likes of BA to ensure that it understands the need for reliability, and for information to be given to customers as quickly and promptly as possible, so that they can take steps to make alternative arrangements if possible?