After the Department’s daily monitoring—indeed, monitoring many times a day—I can confirm that the performance of Serco on tagging has improved significantly.
As of  28 October , 98% of all tranche 2 SDS40 release visits to install tags had been completed, with a small number of prearranged alternative fittings also scheduled.
They are now all covered.
Of course, tagging will protect the public only if curfew breaches are addressed swiftly.
Can the Secretary of State tell us whether there have been any breaches of tag-monitored curfews?
On average, how quickly are those who commit a breach brought back into custody?
The hon.
Gentleman’s question is really about rates of recall, which is what happens when licence conditions are breached, including breaches of curfew.
Recall rates for SDS40 releases are tracking similarly to recall rates for other offenders.
We will publish those statistics once they have been assured in the usual way, which I believe will be immediately after Christmas.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of recent changes to the early release scheme on the demand for housing provided by local authorities.
With this Government’s scheme, unlike the previous Government’s rushed scheme, we  are giving our excellent staff time to work with national and local housing partners to minimise any impact on local authorities.
Given that secure housing on release has a proven positive impact on the recidivism rate of ex-offenders, which is something we all welcome, how many prisoners released early by this Government are being housed in hotels?
Fewer than 20.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of education and training provided to prisoners.
We have reduced overcrowding to ensure that prisons have the capacity to focus on education and training.
For example, HMP Highpoint’s state-of-the-art rail centre of excellence gives prisoners industry-standard training and guaranteed employment on release.
A couple of weeks ago, I visited the Bronzefield category
A women’s prison in my Spelthorne constituency.
I saw that prisoners doing work were rewarded with small amounts of money, but the weighting of their pay preferred people who take part in numeracy and literacy over skills, such as working in the bicycle repair shop or the hair salon.
Is that a national approach, or is it something the governor has done pragmatically to fit his personal circumstances?
It sounds like an interesting approach.
I would be grateful if the hon.
Gentleman wrote to me so that I can look into it and write back to him.
It is certainly the sort of thing we need to be looking at.
I join  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden)  in calling for the Government to consider the children of prisoners.
I met the children’s Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby) , just last week, and I know it is very much on her radar.
However, this is an urgent issue.
This week, I have been told about a child who had been living alone for months because the authorities simply did not know that their parent was in prison— Order.
That is not relevant to the question.
Minister, would you like to respond?
No. In which case, we will leave it there.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to facilitate the removal of foreign national offenders from the UK.
How many foreign national offenders were removed from the UK through a prison transfer agreement in each year since 2010.
I share the public’s view that there are far too many foreign national offenders in our prisons.
Since coming into office, we have returned more than 1,500 foreign offenders and, I am pleased to say, we are on track to remove more foreign offenders this year than at any time in recent years.
Some 12% of the prison population in England and Wales are foreign national offenders, so what specific action is the Justice Secretary taking to remove FNOs from our prisons and return them to their countries, including through the use of the prisoner transfer agreements that were put in place by the previous Government?
As I say, we are on track to remove more foreign offenders this year than in previous years.
In fact, over the period when the shadow Justice Secretary was the Immigration Minister in the previous Government, the number returned was around 1,300.
We have already returned more than 1,500 foreign offenders, utilising all the prisoner transfer agreements at our disposal.
We are actively trying to negotiate more such agreements, so that we can continue to speed up removals from this country.
The previous Government negotiated a scheme by which we can deport Albanian prisoners back to Albania.
It is an excellent scheme; Albania is a completely safe country, of course.
Given that those crossing the channel are committing an illegal offence, is there anything legally to stop us arresting them and putting them on a flight straight to Albania?
We do not even need to lock them up in Albania; they can just start their journey all over again—what a good deterrent.
As the right hon.
Gentleman well knows, we have legal obligations to those who arrive in this country that have to play out.
However, PTAs relate to those who have committed an offence, have been convicted and are being held in the prison estate.
They can therefore be removed from this country under a prisoner transfer agreement.
We are working with the Albanians to ensure that the PTA with Albania is as effective as possible.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider a stand-alone deportation order as part of the sentencing review, so that rather than taxpayers having to pay to imprison foreign offenders for years on end, those offenders are deported back to their country of origin?
Personally, I am of the view that deportation for somebody who has been convicted and is due to be imprisoned in our country is as good a punishment as serving time in a prison in this country.
We are looking actively at what more we can do to make the early removal scheme as effective as possible, including potential options to bring forward the point of early removal from this country.
I will be working with colleagues in the Home Office as we develop our plans in this area.
One of my constituents— Order.
This is the first topical question.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I think Members from all parties need a reminder about the form in this House for oral questions, Mr Speaker.
Since the last Justice questions, I have launched an independent review of sentencing.
It will ensure that there is always space for dangerous offenders in our prisons and that we expand the use of punishment outside prisons, so that no Government are ever forced to release prisoners early again.
The Government have also introduced their first Budget and we have seen an additional £850 million of funding for the Ministry of Justice.
I note the arrival of the new shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
While rumour has it that this job was not his first choice and he may have been asked to do it on more than one occasion by his new boss, I warmly welcome him to his new position.
One of my constituents has been attending court to resolve a matter around divorce and periodical payments since 2015.
Although she has achieved positive results at all the court hearings, with many court orders, sadly there have always been errors and incompetence in the system.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss these matters so that I can get a final resolution, after almost a decade, for my constituent?
I am shocked to hear about the extent of the delay in the case of the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
He is welcome to write to me with the specific details and I will ensure he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
Earlier this year, it was reported that over 1,000 cases at Ipswich Crown court are outstanding.
At the last count, each case was taking an average of 249 days to be dealt with, with 144 cases unresolved for two years or more.
What can the Minister do to reassure my constituents, as we look to clear the terrible backlog left by the previous Government?
The Government have made it clear that we are fully committed to bearing down on the Crown court caseload.
To relieve pressure on Ipswich Crown court in particular, the south-east region has begun sending appropriate cases to Cambridge Crown court for hearing.
Nationally, we have increased the number of Crown court sitting days to 106,500, which is 500 more than agreed by the previous Lord Chancellor.