Rape and serious sexual offence victims can also request transcripts of sentencing remarks for free during a one-year pilot.
I encourage all those who are eligible please to apply to the pilot.
Will the hon.
Lady please confirm the number of criminals convicted of rape, sexual abuse, domestic abuse and domestic violence who are now back on our streets as a result of her Department’s early release scheme?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Government took steps to exclude the most serious domestic abuse offenders from SDS40, an exemption that was not made under the previous Government’s end-of-custody supervised licence scheme.
That was because we know that we need to protect women and girls, and we have a landmark mission to protect women and girls from violence.
All the data on releases will be published as usual—the Lord Chancellor has made that clear—but we know that we need to do more.
We welcome the new shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I belatedly congratulate the Government Front-Bench team on their appointments—I have been a little busy over the summer.
The only group the Labour Government’s popularity has increased during that time with is criminals.
How many domestic abusers and sex offenders released under their early release scheme have gone on to reoffend?
Would the Minister like to apologise to the victims?
Well, I was going to congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his new role, but he seems to have a very short memory.
It is he who should be apologising to the country as a whole on behalf of  his Government for their woeful abuse of our justice system and our prisons.
Under the previous Government’s ECSL scheme, there were zero exemptions to protect the public.
This Government put in serious exemptions to prevent sex offenders and serious violent criminals from being released on to our streets.
Maybe he should have a bit of humility.
There were exemptions in the previous Government’s scheme, but the key thing is that we need to get on and build more prisons.
Prison works, and we need to see more prisons being built.
The last Conservative Government built more prison places than any prior Labour Government in living memory, but we clearly need to go further.
What funding has the Lord Chancellor secured to build prisons over and above those secured by the previous Government?
Does the Minister agree with the other junior Minister that fewer people should be sent to prison?
Again, the right hon.
Gentleman forgets who was in power for the last 14 years and who failed to build any prison places.
Just 500 extra prison places were built under his Government’s watch.
The Government have allocated a record £1.2 billion for prison building in the Budget, and we will be going further.
We are the party of law and order.
He needs to look at his record.
Whether she plans to widen the scope of cases covered by legal aid.
Legal aid is a vital part of the justice system.
It underpins our plans to build a justice system that works for victims, supports access to justice and upholds the rule of law.
We are looking carefully at the evidence gathered as part of the review of civil legal aid, which covered issues such as demand, fee levels and the geographic provision of services.
Cuts to legal aid and the narrowing of its scope by the Conservatives have meant that many people are no longer able to resolve their problems through access to early legal advice.
That has resulted in legal representation being available only to those who can afford it.
Will the Minister consider looking into restoring legal aid to the level it was before the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 for all areas of civil law, to ensure that justice is made available to all people who can afford it?
Will she commit to reviewing the bureaucracy of the Legal Aid Agency, which does not support the needs and capacity of small firms?
My hon.
Friend has significant experience of working in the legal aid sector, and she is right to highlight the importance of good quality legal advice to resolving a whole range of social welfare problems.
We are looking at how to improve access to  early legal advice and support, but she will appreciate the challenging financial outlook that we are grappling with.
I will raise the administrative issues in relation to the Legal Aid Agency with its chief executive.
Every week I have people coming to my office who are victims and have no access to money.
They deserve justice, and the only way they can get it is with legal aid.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Policing and Justice Minister in Northern Ireland to ensure that legal aid available here can also be available in Northern Ireland?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I have yet to have those conversations with my counterparts in Northern Ireland, but I hope to do so in the coming months.
What steps her Department is taking to support prison officers.
By immediately reducing prison overcrowding, we have made prisons safer to work in.
We have also accepted the 5% pay award recommended for prison officers in full.
I have been made aware of the consequences of 14 years of neglect of our Prison and Probation Service by the Conservative party: the critical overcrowding due to the lack of investment; staff at all levels feeling exhausted, scared, demotivated, disenfranchised and undervalued; officers facing unacceptably high levels of violence and drug abuse; and bullying between prisoners.
What is the Department doing to rectify the consequences of this litany of neglect by the so-called party of law and order, to give our prison officers the support they deserve?
My hon.
Friend tells it how it is.
The Conservative party left our Prison and Probation Service in a mess.
Our job, on behalf of the British people, is to clean up that mess.
That is what we are doing.
HMP Featherstone, HMP Oakwood and HMP Brinsford, also a young offender institution, in my constituency are brilliantly supported by amazing staff, but one of the pressures on them is the number of foreign national offenders in those prisons.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that those foreign national offenders are returned to where they came from?
We are already on track to remove more foreign national offenders than the Conservative party ever did.
What steps her Department is taking to improve the single justice procedure.
I have listened carefully to concerns raised about the single justice procedure.
As a first step, I have asked the Courts and Tribunals Service to redesign the SJP notice and make it clearer.
I will also call in SJP prosecutors to discuss ways in which we can ensure that they consider the public interest in advance of making prosecutions.
Earlier this year, a decision by the chief magistrate overturned the use of SJP for rail fines, potentially nullifying and requiring the refunding of as many as 74,000 fines.
In the past few days it has been reported that LNER has brought similar prosecutions under SJP without supplying any evidence at all.
I make no assumption about the guilt or innocence of anyone involved in those prosecutions, but justice must be open, clear and fair.
It is unfair to expect people to engage with a process without it being clear what evidence has been laid against them.
Will the Minister confirm that her Department will keep those principles at the heart of all our justice practices, including SJPs?
I will raise the evidential questions that my hon.
Friend raised with representatives of the train operating companies when they and other SJP prosecutors join me in discussions in the next few weeks.
I am clear that the single justice procedure is vital for the efficient running of the magistrates court.
However, it must operate fairly and effectively.
I will not tolerate poor practice, and I will not hesitate to fundamentally reform the system if that is required.
What steps her Department is taking to support young offenders.
The young futures programme will be a prevention-first approach to crime reduction, building on the Department’s successful turnaround programme.
I was very pleased to visit the first secure school which will put education at its heart, ensuring children in custody turn their lives around.
Over the past decade, the quality and quantity of education in young offenders institutions has declined, as reported by Sir Martin Oliver, His Majesty’s chief inspector of education, children’s services and skills, and Charlie Taylor, His Majesty’s chief inspector of prisons.
These institutions are facing difficulties in managing challenging behaviours, leading to an increase in children being put into isolation.
Children in these institutions deserve a high-quality education that helps them to turn their lives around.
The current system is failing them badly.
Will the Minister outline what actions the Government can take to ensure that young offenders receive a high-quality education— Order.
We are in danger of not getting anybody else in.
These are becoming statements rather than questions.
I am sure the Minister has grasped it.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We know there is more to be done, as my hon.
Friend  outlines.
Keep-apart lists make it difficult for children to access education in young offenders institutions, so we need to find different and better ways of reducing violence and delivering education in these settings.
During the 12 years that I was a Member of the Scottish Parliament, one of the most instructive and rewarding parts of my role were my occasional visits, with other MSPs, to HMP Porterfield in Inverness.
Does the Minister agree that encouraging MPs to do the same would do a very great deal not just for young offenders, but offenders of all ages?
I commend the hon.
Member for his actions.
He is right that visits to local prisons, or prisons elsewhere, are a good thing to do.
I have recently visited Humber, Wakefield, and New Hall prisons, and will be visiting Wetherby young offenders institution tomorrow.