One of the best ways to bring down household bills is to help homeowners and small businesses make their properties cheaper to warm and to power.
The Liberal Democrats have put forward a plan to do that by introducing a windfall tax on the big banks, which have seen billions of pounds in unexpected profits as a result of the quantitative easing programme by the Bank of England more than a decade ago.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the Liberal Democrats that we should instead use those excess profits to fund green affordable loans of up to £20,000 for households and up to £50,000 for businesses and community groups, and cut people’s power bills for good?
Having been in this job for only four and half weeks, I am always in the market for good ideas, whichever part of the House they come from.
The £13.2 billion warm homes plan will do exactly what the hon.
Lady wants us to do—safely insulating homes and getting people to take the action we need them to take to achieve clean power 2030.
Importantly, the plan will create homes, businesses and properties that are warm and affordable, powered by sustainable clean energy.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last oral questions in July, we have reached a final investment decision for Sizewell C, creating 10,000 jobs, and surpassed the historic milestone of approving enough clean power for 7.5 million homes after just 15 months of this Government.
From next month, nearly 6 million families will receive £150 off their energy bills through the warm home discount.
That is what it means to deliver on our clean power mission.
The National Energy System Operator is currently assessing whether tidal range technology can help us meet our clean power mission.
In Fleetwood, we have a huge opportunity for a tidal range project, which could bring desperately needed jobs and investment.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that opportunity and the outcome of the report, to ensure that Blackpool North and Fleetwood feels the benefits of the Government’s clean power energy mission?
My hon.
Friend raises the important issue of tidal energy.
I am very aware of the assessment that NESO is conducting—obviously, our Department is working with it on that assessment.
The Minister for Energy chairs the marine energy taskforce, and is happy to meet my hon.
Friend.