My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that building renewable infrastructure is how we will bring down bills for everyone in the long term.
It is incredibly important that we can store cheaper electricity, including through battery storage, so that we can deploy it in the system far more regularly than we are currently deploying gas, which is what is driving up people’s bills.
We also want the communities that host the infrastructure to benefit directly from it.
They will benefit from cheaper bills, as well as from direct community benefits.
We have been consulting over the past few months on whether those should be made mandatory, and whether we should raise the expectations on developers.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle fuel poverty in Greater Manchester.
Ensuring that everyone has access to a safe and warm home is our priority.
From this winter, we estimate that an extra 280,000 families in the north-west will receive £150 off their energy bills, thanks to decisions taken by this Government.
Through our warm homes plan, we will bring down bills for families right across the country.
According to National Energy Action, adults in the north are more likely to ration their energy this winter, and in my constituency almost 8,000 people are in fuel poverty and at risk of poor living conditions, illness and suffering.
A balance must be struck to deliver both clean heating and a people-first approach.
After serious delay, will the Minister finally bring forward a warm homes plan, and explain how it will achieve that balance and ensure that low-income households in Cheadle are guaranteed clean, affordable heating for the winters to come?
We will bring forward the warm homes plan this year.
In March, we allocated around £1.8 billion to local authorities and social housing providers through the warm homes local grant.
The hon.
Member may want to direct his constituents to the Greater Manchester combined authority, which received a settlement of £134.9 million of devolved capital funding for buildings retrofit.
They can access that through the retrofit portal, which has an eligibility checker, so that households can check whether they qualify for free or discounted home upgrades.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount on levels of fuel poverty.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of extending the warm home discount on levels of fuel poverty.
From this winter, an additional 2.7 million households across the UK will receive £150 off their energy bills, which makes a total of nearly 6 million low-income households receiving this vital support.
That is the difference that this Government are making to our communities.
I am delighted that thanks to this Government and the warm home discount eligibility extension, thousands more Rochdale families will be eligible for £150 off their bills this winter.
It will ensure that young and old alike get more help with their bills this winter.
I would like to raise the case of my constituent Keith Gumbridge, who had his cavity wall insulation botched under the previous Government, and who was left with huge legal bills after so-called “no win, no fee” law firm Pure Legal went bust.
Mr Gumbridge’s case has been with the Legal Ombudsman for nearly three years; does the Minister agree that that is far too long to wait for justice?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for all his work championing causes for his constituents.
He will know that an extra 280,000 households in the north-west will be eligible for the warm home discount, and that 2.7 million households across the country will be helped this year.
I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the case of Mr Gumbridge.
Ensuring confidence in the insulation system will be crucial to rolling out the warm homes plan.
I congratulate the Minister on being freed from the Government Whips Office and welcome him to his position on the Front Bench.
I commend the Government on extending the warm home discount to a further 2.7 million low-income households, but there is much more to do.
With that in mind, will the Minister find time to meet me, so that we can discuss how we can keep people in Newcastle-under-Lyme alive, safe and warm in the colder months ahead?