Young people in my constituency of Wolverhampton West are particularly concerned about protecting the environment and the future of our planet.
I have been contacted by students at Wolverhampton girls’ high school and St Edmund’s Catholic academy, and recently I was proud to attend a climate justice art exhibition prepared by pupils at St Teresa’s Catholic primary academy.
What steps are we taking to encourage international awareness of the dangers of global warming and the need to recycle and limit plastic waste, thereby also reducing marine pollution?
Plastic waste is something that my colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs work on.
I think my hon.
Friend’s wider point is important.
There is a global context to this—and sometimes that context might not actually be as it appears—which is that, when we look across the  world, we see that countries are still acting on these issues.
Why?
Because they recognise that it is in their national interest economically and in the long term for future generations.
There is no future if people bury their heads in the sand and say, “We’re not going to act.”
COP30 begins next month in Brazil.
The UK must play a leading role on the world stage to tackle climate change.
At home, however, Somerset council is hampered in its attempts to achieve net zero by an escalating financial crisis following the maladministration of its previous Conservative administration.
What steps will the Minister and Cabinet colleagues take to support councils in their net zero transitions?
Part of what we are doing is devolving more of the funding around warm homes, for example, so that local authorities can play a leading role.
I congratulate local authorities on the interest that they are taking in this.
The hon.
Lady raises the wider picture of COP30, which is important—this is a crucial moment.
The UK has already shown leadership in the past 15 months, including by publishing our nationally determined contribution at COP29 last year.