Frighteningly, the Earth has already reached its first climate tipping point linked to global warming.
We are now seeing warm water coral reefs going into irreversible decline, which is threatening nature and millions of people and their livelihoods.
The climate crisis is a global emergency and needs leadership, and when Britain leads, others follow.
Can the Secretary of State finally confirm that the Prime Minister will attend COP30 and lead from the front?
I will give the answer that was also given by the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds North West (Katie White) , which is that the Prime Minister’s diary is above my pay grade.
We will be playing a very active part at COP30.
The wider point that the hon.
Lady makes about tipping points and the recent report is important.
Anyone who looks at that report will see where the science is taking us, and any political party in this House that sees that as a reason to then abandon the Climate Change Act 2008, as the Leader of the Opposition has done, is anti-science and anti-young people.
It is a betrayal of the future.
Come on, Secretary of State, do you not want your own Back Benchers to ask questions?
First, we had the VW scandal and now we have Dieselgate 2, with multiple manufacturers accused of faking it and emissions up to 30 times the legal limit.
Can Ministers update us on the Department for Transport’s inquiry and promise swift action when it is out?
I share my hon.
Friend’s concern regarding those reports.
This Government are focused on making transport greener, including by cutting air pollution to improve health and the environment.
We also need to ensure that people are abiding by the rules.
The responsible body, the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency, is pursuing the potential diesel emissions non-compliance using its procedures and the tools available.
Officials at the DFT have assured me that the findings from these investigations will be published in a timely and appropriate manner; as an impatient politician, I can assure her that I will continue to press for a prompt and thorough interpretation of “timely”.
According to the National Audit Office, some 98% of the 23,000 homes fitted with external wall insulation under Government schemes in recent years now need urgent repairs to correct faults that lead directly to damp and mould.
What plans does the Secretary of State have to remediate those affected properties, and what does he have to say to the 3,000 residents of Surrey Heath living today in fuel poverty to give them confidence— Order.
Climate change will have happened before you conclude.
Let me be absolutely clear: no family should ever have had to go through this.
It happened because of the systematic  failings of the system put in place by the previous Government, and we are cleaning up their mess.
We will do that at no cost to consumers, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss any cases that he might have in his constituency.
In his letter to GB Energy’s CEO last month outlining his strategic priorities, the Secretary of State rightly stated that reindustrialising our industrial heartlands “with good jobs and strong trade union representation” goes hand in hand with tackling the climate crisis.
Will he take the opportunity to reiterate that our investment in tackling the climate crisis and producing clean energy will deliver secure, long-term employment, and will be to the benefit of working people in Airdrie and Shotts and across the UK?
Yes, I will.
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the role of trade unions in the renewable industry, too.
The hundreds of workers at Lindsey oil refinery will have noted that in response to an earlier question, the Minister did not attempt to respond on the future of the refinery.
At least two investors are looking to take over the whole site.
If they prove satisfactory, can the Minister assure me that the Government will back the project?
I am happy to have further conversations with the hon.
Gentleman.
I know that the refinery is in his constituency and that he cares deeply about it.
A process is under way—led by the official receiver, because it is an insolvency process.
It is considering a number of bids to make sure they are viable, and will conclude in the coming weeks so that there is certainty for the workforce.
We have said throughout that we want to support as much investment in that site as possible.
Ofgem’s latest 2% price cap rise means higher bills for millions of households this winter, with the average annual cost now over £1,700.
For families who are already struggling, even a small increase can push them into hardship.
While the expansion of the warm home discount to more than 6 million homes is welcome, standing charges have also risen and energy debt now exceeds £4.4 billion.
Can the Minister outline what further targeted protections are planned for vulnerable households this winter?
More broadly, what are the Government’s plans to bring down bills, especially for those on low incomes?
As the Minister for Energy Consumers, I am totally focused on how we bring bills down.
Ofgem has already released information about how it will be providing a low standing charge tariff from January.
We will also publish the warm homes plan before the end of the year.
The warm home discount, which I encourage my hon.
Friend to encourage her constituents to apply for, is providing additional support to 2.7 million households.
This week a conservation charity has indicated that the creep of wind farms in Scotland—17 million trees have been cut down to provide for them—is destroying the highlands, while in England 5% of prime agricultural land is to be used for renewable energy projects at a time when we produce only 60% of our food.
Does the Secretary of State not recognise that his policy is destroying tourist areas, will make us more dependent on foreign imports for food, and will put up electricity prices?
There is a two-decade disagreement between the right hon.
Gentleman and me on these issues.
The biggest threat to the countryside is the climate crisis.
That is why this Government are tackling it.
While the Leader of the Opposition is rubbishing contracts for difference and calling for them to be scrapped, the Government are getting on with the job of increasing renewable energy, generating energy security and delivering jobs across the country.
Will the Minister reaffirm his support for contracts for difference, and will he seek to work with industry to provide long-term clarity by setting out a timescale for the future auction rounds?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: allocation round 6 delivered a record number of renewables projects, and the jobs and investments that go with them will deliver jobs in constituencies throughout the country, including hers.
We have reformed the scheme to ensure that allocation round 7 is a success, at a good price for consumers, and also that it delivers not only value for money but the clarity and investment for renewables projects that are essential to our energy security and to future investment.
Will the Minister confirm that there is now a timetable to ensure that everyone who has a radio teleswitch meter will have it replaced without losing their electricity, heating or hot water?
Since taking up my post four weeks ago, I have been dealing with the issue of radio teleswitch.
I am more than happy to meet the right hon.
Member to discuss the plans, and will soon be organising a roundtable with Members on both sides of the House to discuss them further.