Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
As a Conservative, I want to join our Liberal friends in paying tribute to such a gallant and charming gentleman.
His least successful period in this House was probably as leader of his party—perhaps he was just too nice; perhaps he could see both sides of the question—but what a great man and what a great foreign affairs spokesman.
Following on from  the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) , the whole episode of the Iraq war was so difficult for us in this House, particularly for those of us who broke with our party to oppose it.
He gave us leadership and rigour, and he has been proved right.
Of course, there are no prizes for being proved right, but history will prove him right.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I stand here as a friend of Ming’s, but also as the current representative of his seat.
I know how much he felt the privilege of being elected to this House for 28 years as the representative for North East Fife.
I also know the very high regard in which he was held in the constituency.
All I have had—both myself and the MSP for the constituency, Willie Rennie, who was previously a Member of this place—are very kind thoughts from constituents and stories about Ming that we have taken to our hearts.
He first stood for Parliament in Greenock in 1974.
Greenock is my hometown.
I was quite reassured, when I was first engaging with Ming, that we at least had something in common.
What the Prime Minister said was right: he had the opportunity to switch to other parties, but he chose not to.
Although he first stood in 1974, it took until 1987 before he was elected in North East Fife.
That shows the spirit and determination he had as an individual, but also the work he did to build the constituency and build the local party.
I have had lots of thoughts from the local party, too.
One of them I thought would be worth sharing with the House.
Shortly after his election, which was a close contest against the sitting Conservative MP, they decided to take a celebratory boat trip out to the Isle of May to see the puffins.
Unfortunately, the boat broke down on the way.
Ming and Elspeth kept everybody calm.
It was interesting that even people who did not vote for him came out and rescued the boat.
[Laughter.]
That was the respect with which he was regarded.
In his tribute, my constituency colleague Willie Rennie said that Ming had had three careers: politics, law and, obviously, sport.
He was a parliamentarian, he was a  KC, he was an Olympian and he was a Companion of Honour.
If any of us can aspire to the great heights that Ming reached, that is worth aspiring to.
The Prime Minister also mentioned his chancellorship of the University of St Andrews, which he held for 19 years.
I know that those at the university are very sad at his loss and passing.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  and I visited the university last week to meet them and discuss Ming.
I will finish with some personal memories.
He was a great support to me, but I do remember, when I was running for the selection in 2018, that there was a constituency lunch in North East Fife.
One of the members who was supportive of my candidacy made sure that I was sat at the same table as Elspeth, because I was assured that if I could get Elspeth onside, Ming would surely follow.
Since I was elected, we would meet every so often.
Every month, we would have a cup of tea and a scone in the Pugin Room, and he would tell me all the things that I needed to be doing.
The Secretary of State for Defence is not here, but Ming would always ask me, right up until the last time I saw him, about Leuchars and what the strategic defence review meant, and talk about how important defence was for him and the constituency.
There is no doubt that the loss of Elspeth was devastating and he was never quite the same.
I think everybody would accept that when we saw him here, but really up until those last weeks, he, although very frail, was absolutely still there and we had many great conversations.
I saw him just the week before he died, and it did feel like a “goodbye” conversation.
I know that he will be much missed across this House, and I am very grateful for all the tributes that have been paid to him.
Hear, hear.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
Ming Campbell was a good friend of mine.
There is a body called the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, which has not been mentioned yet today.
Ming Campbell was a member for over 30 years, only really pausing when he became leader of the Liberal Democrats.
When I joined that body in 2015, the respect with which Ming Campbell was regarded across the entire alliance—indeed, by so many partner countries, almost across the world—became apparent almost immediately.
It did not matter if we were meeting Presidents, Prime Ministers or even royal families.
Ming would come into the room and greet, say, the King of Spain in the same way he would greet somebody in the Tea Room and the respect shone through.
I remember very clearly when he was the chairman of several of the Assembly’s committees.
Sometimes allies in those committees maybe did not quite see eye to eye and got into some really heated arguments.
Ming simply hit the table and said, “Enough!”
and the silence fell.
That was the level of respect he had.
During the coalition years, he was able to be appointed as leader of the United Kingdom delegation to the Assembly.
When I had the honour of taking on that role, I do not think many weeks passed when I did not call Ming on his mobile phone and say, “Ming, I need some advice on this difficult situation.”
That was especially true during the covid years, when we were trying to work out how  we were going to make the annual and spring Assemblies work online.
Ming was always there with sage advice on how to lead our delegations.
One thing that is true about serving on an international body is that we spend an awful lot of time in airports, especially when flights are delayed.
Ming always had a story and they were genuinely fascinating.
His legal career has been mentioned.
There was one particular story that I liked, because it showed his quick wit and his ability to move swiftly on his feet, which was an important ability for a KC.
He said he had been prosecuting a defendant charged with causing affray and drunken disorderly behaviour.
He put the question, “How much had you drunk?”
Apparently, the defendant said, “Oh, only eight or nine pints.”
He paused and said, “Are you meaning to tell this court that you drank a gallon of beer and you don’t consider that to be very much?”
He said that at that point, he knew he had him.
He would tell so many stories.
He was very proud of his time in San Francisco, where he trained to be a top sprinter.
He said, “Academically, it didn’t go quite as well as it should have done.
I think I just spent far too much time at the track.”
He was, as I have said, enormously respected across the world.
He was a great friend to me and a great sage.
His politics were clear, but his party allegiance did not matter when it came to important roles of state and the intellectual rigour that had to be brought to important issues.
I will miss him, and I know a great number of people in this House will miss him.
He truly was a giant of British politics.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I had the distinction of succeeding Ming Campbell in this place.
He probably was not unhappy that I am not his current successor—he spoke so highly of his current successor—but I have to say how highly I thought of him.
I have heard so many nice stories today about his role globally, but as  the hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  reflected so beautifully, more important than that was that he was so highly regarded locally.
When I took over from him, it was difficult to go to any one of the 99 communities in his constituency where there was not a story or somebody who had been helped.
And at the University of St Andrews, he was an outstanding Chancellor and colleague.
I want to pay tribute to somebody who I may not have agreed with, but when we have that precious relationship between a constituency and the Member of Parliament—nobody better replicated that in his day-to-day work.
I want to pay tribute to a European and an internationalist, but more than that an outstanding local representative.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I wish to add my words of tribute to my friend, Ming Campbell.
He had an impact on me long before I met him.
The first general election I was active in was 1987.
No offence to any other Liberal MP at the time—none of them are present here—but I was very impressed with Ming Campbell.
He struck me as not being like other Liberal MPs: he looked like he could actually run the country.
[Laughter.]
He had gravitas.
I am pretty sure that is what I said to my mother in the early hours of, I think,  12 June 1987 , when he gained North East Fife from the  Conservatives: “You look the real deal.
You look incredibly competent.”
And of course, in the years that followed, he demonstrated that.
We have talked about the Iraq war.
What Ming Campbell did—yes, applying his legal expertise and insight into international law as well as the law of this land—was to make the connection, in what is often thought of as the esoteric business of human rights, that human rights are about human duties.
They are about making sure that nobody is above the law—no Prime Minister and no President.
He made that clear and made it crossover into public consciousness in a way that was really very remarkable.
I then realised I had a connection with Ming.
When I met my wife, Rosie, in the ’90s, it turned out that her now, sadly, late father, Mark Cantley, opened the bowling with Ming at Glasgow Hillhead.
They had not spoken to each other for 30-odd years until Ming came to do a talk at the university at Ambleside shortly after I had been selected, and the two of them continued a friendship until Mark’s passing just two years ago.
In 2005, the year I was elected, the late, great Charles Kennedy was meant to be doing the constituency visit to Westmorland, but his son was born the night before.
Ming got drafted in at the last minute and did two visits for me—when you win by 267 votes, every single thing counts, so I have him to thank for that.
When Ming became leader in 2006, I had the honour of serving as his Parliamentary Private Secretary.
What insight did I get during that time?
He was obsessed with sport and running, and, despite the fact that this was a man who could run 100 metres in 10 seconds, he was incredibly generous in hearing the stories of somebody who was a 10th-rate fell runner.
In my time as leader, Ming was a great source of advice and wisdom.
After that time, he and his wife, Elspeth, who we have mentioned, would regularly go on holiday in Ullswater, and they would always make a point of doing a visit in Westmorland—whether we asked them or not.
[Laughter.]
My recollection is of Ming talking to the local newspaper or TV station and Elspeth with not simply a fag but a pink cigarette holder, looking every bit a real-life Lady Penelope from the “Thunderbirds”.
One of our predecessors, the late, great Jo Grimond, once said that the best Liberal candidate should dress to the right and talk to the left.
Ming Campbell bore all the airs of an establishment figure and was a radical to his dying breath.
He was kind, wise, decent, talented and loyal.
He was my friend, and I miss him.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like to state that Sir Ming Campbell, as he then was, was the perfect example of how it is possible to disagree with another parliamentarian on a key issue and yet work side by side on other issues without any rancour or reservation.
My dealings with Ming did not get off to the best start, as we were generally on opposite sides of a debate about the replacement of Trident submarines and the replacement of continuous at-sea deterrence by part-time patrols.
Nevertheless, once we got to know each other better on the Intelligence and Security Committee, we  found ourselves making common cause on such issues as the safeguarding of the vital BBC Monitoring service for the future, the need to enhance spending on defence with an improved defence budgeting priority and, above all, the folly that could have happened of Britain intervening militarily in the Syrian civil war.
In short, Ming brought courtesy, style, courage and grace to public life to the benefit of society as a whole.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would also like to pay tribute to Ming Campbell, whom I met personally in later years, but whose political influence has hung over my entire adult life.
As an 18-year-old student at the University of Glasgow, I heard about these three great figures of British politics who had studied together and been great friends: Donald Dewar, who became the first First Minister of Scotland; John Smith, whose legacy as leader of the Labour party is well respected; and, of course, Ming Campbell.
I found that his persona, his influence, his attitude to politics and his integrity influenced me.
It was one of the things that pulled me towards the Liberal party, as it then was.
The first time I came across Ming personally was years later, about a year after he had stepped down as leader.
When I made my maiden speech to the Scottish conference, I discovered that I was speaking on a motion proposed by Ming Campbell, which was, of course—this will come as no surprise to many—about RAF Leuchars, its future and what we needed to do to defend it.
That was a thread that ran through.
In 2017, when I was standing in Edinburgh West, Ming came to launch my campaign—in fact, he helped me up on to a chair so that everybody could see me.
He was there to be supportive.
I learned a lot about his kindness and thoughtfulness a few weeks later, when my husband died and Ming took the time to take me aside and make sure I was okay
and that I had the support I needed to get through the campaign.
Most of all, though, I enjoyed my chats with Ming on a Monday in the departure lounge at Edinburgh airport.
He always had a tale to tell, and he always had a kind word about my column in The Scotsman.
My team in the office were endlessly amused by how pleased I was that Ming Campbell had even read my column, never mind agreed with it.
Ming was, in many ways, with the integrity, kindness and thoughtfulness that everyone has spoken about, an example that we should all aspire to and try to live up to.
There is a certain restaurant in Pimlico, which I am sure my colleagues are aware of, that many of us were introduced to by Ming Campbell.
I am sure we think of him every time we go there, as I think we will the next time we go.
We may make a point of going there and raising a glass to someone who was an example not just of what we should be, but perhaps of what the world needs now more than ever among its politicians.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I think it is appropriate that on behalf of the Democratic Unionist party, and indeed on behalf of all Northern Ireland parliamentarians, I extend our condolences to the Liberal Democrats and to the colleagues who knew Mr Campbell better than I did.
I first came across Sir Ming when I was at school,  and he became leader of his party when I was at university.
It was not his prowess, his intelligence or his ability to launch an argument that struck me, but his name: Ming.
I knew of no other Mings than Ming the Merciless—
[Laughter]—and yet we got to know Ming the Merciful.
We got to know Ming the politician, who stood and achieved the respect of colleagues right across this House.
He was a sincere Unionist, an avowed Scot and a true parliamentarian.
I would like to take this moment to pass on our respects for his life and pay tribute to his legacy.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that Ming would have been delighted with the tributes paid to him today by the Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  and many others.
Just as importantly, I think Elspeth would have been equally delighted.
She would have been raising a glass of champagne in celebration.
Ming is remembered as a brilliant and successful athlete and an accomplished, distinguished advocate.
He was a real fixture in this House, utterly authoritative on foreign policy and defence matters for more than two decades.
Less well remembered is the fact that it took him three elections and a decade to be elected to represent Fife, a seat he then held for 28 years.
He was, therefore, sympathetic and hugely supportive of my similarly numerous efforts to win in Wokingham.
For all that patrician charm he deployed to win over judges in court, he was also a savvy street campaigner his opponents underestimated at their peril.
On one of his many visits to Wokingham, a local journalist asked him why he visited so often.
He replied, “I have invested so much in this young man”—it was only 10 years ago!—“that I am determined to see him succeed.”
He was delighted when that investment paid off last July.
Ming was very generous with his time and his advice.
He was a warm and generous friend to me and my family, to many colleagues and to the many, many friends he made in Wokingham along the way.
He will be fondly remembered by everybody who knew him well and, by wide agreement, as being probably one of the nicest people to ever lead a political party in the UK.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
It is an honour to follow the tributes of so many across the House.
Ming Campbell was an inspiration to me and to many others who admired his integrity, courtesy and tenacity.
I am lucky to have known Ming all my life, and I know how much his death will be felt by his family and the many friends who loved him.
I share their grief.
Ming’s athletic achievement showed a man determined to work hard and make sacrifices to push himself to the limits.
His international success has already been mentioned, but I remember him—in his mid-40s at that point—saying with some feeling that the annual school sports day had become a major focus, since he was the one the other dads wanted to beat in the fathers’ race.
Behind that gracious façade was a true competitor.
Ming was of that remarkable generation of Glasgow University debaters from all parties who strove for a better society.
Across a lifetime in politics, he maintained close friendships with those of other parties, yet he was clear on his politics.
Ming’s tenacity was shown in his dedication to Scottish liberalism, working hard to win the North East Fife seat at his fifth general election.
Ming served our party for many years as foreign affairs spokesperson.
With his distinctive eloquent delivery and his disarming courtesy, Ming could easily be underestimated by some as an orator, not an actor, yet his principled approach to the Iraq war demonstrated his courage and steel.
He did not shirk from doing the right thing.
For Ming, international liberalism was not an abstract ideal but a set of practical moral obligations.
As we say goodbye to a much-loved parliamentarian, we also remember a private man.
Ming’s marriage to Elspeth was the anchor of his life.
The last time I saw Ming he spoke with love and feeling about Elspeth.
He was continuing his life’s work in Parliament, but it was clear he felt acutely that he was continuing it without his life partner.
Theirs was a truly devoted partnership.
Ming Campbell lived an incredible life as an athlete, advocate, political leader and loving husband.
He was a lifelong liberal whose principles drove his choices.
He is rightly remembered with admiration and affection today across the House.
He will be sorely missed.
Before I update the House on the peace process in the middle east and my trade visit to India, I want to put on record my utter condemnation of the vile antisemitic terrorist attack at the Heaton Park synagogue in Manchester, which killed two Jewish men: Adrian Daulby and Melvin Cravitz.
Antisemitism is not a new hatred.
Here in Britain, Jews have had to deal with the shameful reality that their buildings, their way of life and their children need extra protection.
We must also be crystal clear that while this was an attack on Jews because they were Jews, the Islamist extremism that motivated this sick individual is a threat to every citizen of this country.
It is an attack on British values, British security and the British decency that holds our communities together.
Moreover, we can see clearly that antisemitism is on the rise in Britain once again.
We will scale up the protection we provide for Jewish people.
We will set out new measures to prevent hatred abusing the democratic right to protest.
We will stop at nothing to root out antisemitism.
The same applies to the arson attack on the Peacehaven mosque.
An attack on British Muslims is also an attack on us all, so we condemn this despicable crime and the poison of anti-Muslim hatred.
We will fight against hate in all its forms.
I now turn to the middle east, and to words I have longed to say in this House for a very long time: the surviving hostages are free, the bombardment of Gaza has stopped, and desperately needed aid is starting to enter.
As a result of the peace plan led by President Trump, we have the chance—it is a chance—to bring a terrible chapter in history finally to a close.
It is a moment of profound relief for the House, this nation, and indeed the whole world, but it is tempered, of course, by the knowledge that for the hostages and their families, the loved ones of those killed on  7 October  and the innocent civilians in Gaza—the dead, the bereaved, the starving—this has been two years of living hell.