Homes and home standards are absolutely key to decarbonisation for a variety of reasons, including the health benefits for residents.
We will consult on the warm homes plan, and the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Inverclyde and Renfrewshire West (Martin McCluskey) , spoke about the warm home discount earlier.
We are working with MHCLG on bringing forward the future home standard.
A major gap in our ability to make progress in reducing emissions is the disconnect—both literally and figuratively—between small renewable energy schemes and the communities in which they are situated.
I think in particular of the Coniston hydro scheme, which faces resilience and sustainability issues relating to the removal of rocks.
Is the answer to this not the creation of local energy markets to reduce the gap between service users and energy producers?
Will the Government back the urgent delivery of P441 to make local energy markets a reality, save Coniston hydro scheme and service the local community?
In this role, there are a lot of acronyms.
I have to say that I did not know P441 until I sat on this Bench, but I understand from my colleagues that we are looking into that.
We support local community projects, and we will be looking at that project and will come back to the hon.
Member on P441.
What steps his Department is taking to support breweries to reduce carbon emissions.
We want to make sure that businesses benefit from our clean energy mission, especially those in vital industries such as brewing.
Our forthcoming carbon budget and growth  delivery plan and our refreshed industrial decarbonisation strategy will help to provide further clarity for such businesses, including on how we intend to support them to electrify.
One of the many brands of Woking-based Asahi is Cornish Orchards, which has recently decarbonised and cut its emissions by 94% by investing in renewable energy.
Does the Minister agree that that is exactly the sort of innovation we need?
What further steps will his Department take to ensure that the brewing industry can decarbonise and use renewable electricity a lot more than it does currently?
I commend Asahi, which I know is an important employer in the hon.
Member’s constituency, for its work on decarbonisation and also for being my favourite Japanese beer.
In a previous life, I worked as a fitter’s mate in a brewery, and I know how difficult it is to decarbonise the process there.
Maybe it is something I should learn more about, and I would be very happy to come along to Asahi if I were invited.
What steps he is taking to support green energy companies to build onshore wind turbines.
The Government have published an onshore wind strategy to remove barriers to help companies build more onshore wind, with actions across several areas including planning, aviation, workforce and routes to market.
The UK is committed to growing our wind energy manufacturing capacity, but this requires investment in innovation to develop the next generation of products that could be made in the UK, using expertise that exists in places like my constituency of Isle of Wight West.
Can the Minister assure me that the Government are doing everything possible to provide the funding to not only create jobs but provide sovereign ownership of blade technology and development in the UK, so that we become a true energy superpower?
My hon.
Friend is right to recognise the importance of the industry in his constituency.
Vestas is a key part of the UK’s wind supply chain.
The Isle of Wight is already a successful centre for wind blade manufacturing and research and development.
I can assure him that we are doing everything we can to work with partners and right across Government on the proposal, and that includes the agreement in principle between Vestas and the Government to support the factory’s repurposing to make onshore wind blades, saving 300 jobs.
Energy companies of any kind, whether oil and gas or renewables, need certainty to plan to invest, whether it is onshore or offshore.
The Government’s consultation on the North sea’s energy future closed on  30 April , almost six months ago, and the industry is still awaiting an outcome.
The only guidance on timing on the Government’s website is to “Visit this page again soon to download the outcome to this public feedback.”
The ongoing delay is causing huge uncertainty for sectors of all types of energy investment.
Can the Minister confirm when the outcome of the consultation will be published with a date or a week, not a vague timescale?
On the substance of the hon.
Member’s question, we launched the future of energy in the North sea consultation with a detailed set of questions, which we are analysing at the moment.
We will publish the response to that as soon as possible, but I am sure she will understand that we want to make sure we have it absolutely right.
I have engaged with industry to tell it about the timeframes for that throughout the process.
Let me just say one thing.
The hon.
Member talks about uncertainty.
What could be more uncertain than the Leader of the Opposition coming to Aberdeen and talking down the investment in offshore wind, hydrogen and carbon capture—the very thing that will retain the supply chain in the north-east of Scotland?
Uncertainty is what the Conservative party brings to this.
What steps he is taking to reduce energy bills.
What steps he is taking to reduce energy bills.
What steps he is taking to reduce energy bills.
The Government believe that our mission to deliver clean power by 2030 is the best way to break our dependence on global fossil fuel markets and protect bill payers permanently.
We recognise that we need to support households struggling with bills while we transition to clean power.
That is why we are expanding the warm home discount to around an additional 2.7 million households.
I recently visited St Bartholomew’s church in Hyde, which has served the residents of Winchester for over 915 years, as part of its Give to Go Green day, which raised £2,400 to support its efforts to decarbonise the church and reduce energy bills.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the congregation and the community volunteers for the leadership they are showing in this area, and will he outline what steps the Government are taking to support faith and community groups in decarbonising historic buildings while preserving their heritage?
I join the hon.
Gentleman in praising the whole congregation and community at St Bartholomew’s in Winchester for supporting those efforts.
Such efforts by community and faith groups across the country show the support that exists for taking the right action, not just on clean power but on insulation.
The warm homes plan and other plans that the Department will publish before the end of the year will address some of the issues he talks about in respect of historic buildings.
Carol from Harpenden is one of many constituents who are worried about energy costs.
At 70, she stressed that she never imagined that she would have to scrimp and save in the way that she does just to get by.
The warm home discount is a temporary lifeline, so will the Government commit to long-lasting solutions to end fuel poverty, including an emergency home upgrade programme that will include incentives to install heat pumps that cover real costs?
We are currently consulting on extending the warm home discount beyond 2026.
I would encourage the hon.
Lady to look at that consultation and feed back her views.
The warm homes plan is the route to some of the actions that she has outlined and we will be publishing it before the end of the year.
In my constituency of Frome and East Somerset, approximately 10% of households use oil central heating, compared with 5% nationally.
Given the high volatility of oil prices, that places my constituents in a particularly difficult position as we approach the winter months.
Will the Minister confirm what measures will be taken to ensure that homes that are reliant on oil heating can be heated more affordably, so that my constituents do not have to suffer unnecessarily?
Since I became a Minister four weeks ago, I have received a lot of correspondence on this issue and I am looking at it closely.
We have consulted on the issue and, hopefully, we will be publishing the results of that consultation before the end of the month.
Half the battle to reach net zero is using less energy, which is why work to insulate homes is so important.
Calder Valley is famous for “Happy Valley” and now “Riot Women”, and has occasionally been called wet and windy.
With 75,000 of our homes falling below energy performance certificate band C, that means many families live in homes that leak heat.
Today’s National Audit Office report found that in 98% of homes that had insulation installed under the last Government, the work was faulty, risking damp and mould.
What action will this Government take to ensure that future insulation efforts help families, rather than hinder them?
I share my hon.
Friend’s concern about the findings in today’s National Audit Office report.
Obviously, we inherited this situation from the previous Government and we are cleaning up their mess.
It is important that we have robust protections in place for consumers so that they have confidence when installing these measures.
The warm homes plan will address that, including through the consumer protections that we will outline as part of it.
The CBI says that one of the best routes to bringing down bills and delivering growth is investing in clean power jobs, including the 8,800 such jobs that we currently have in Tees Valley—a number that is scaling up every year.
Does the Secretary of State agree that investing in these industries is one of the best ways to redevelop our region and to deliver jobs and growth years into the future?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
Hundreds of thousands of jobs will come as a result of our sprint to clean power by 2030, not just in his constituency but across the entire country.
What will not take us to those hundreds of thousands of jobs is the Conservative party abandoning its commitment to the Climate Change Act 2008.
From hug a husky to burning the Climate Change Act—that is not the transition that we expected.