On grid infrastructure, the Chinese wind turbine manufacturer Ming Yang has said that it is looking to set up a wind turbine factory in Scotland.
Our security services have warned us about the risks of Chinese state-sponsored hackers trying to infiltrate and destroy energy systems in the west, and hidden kill switches have been found in Chinese solar installation technology in the United States.
Can the Minister provide the House with a very clear assurance that neither Ming Yang nor the Chinese state will be able to remotely control our energy infrastructure—yes or no?
First, I will take no lessons from the party that brought Chinese investors right into building our nuclear power station.
This Government are delivering a nuclear power station with British Government funding, not Chinese funding, so I will take no lessons from the Conservatives on that.
Many companies want to come and invest in the UK, and we absolutely welcome investment into this country, but every single decision and investment obviously has to pass stringent national security tests.
I will not engage right now in what those tests will be, but we will say very clearly that no decision we make will ever compromise our national security.
What steps he is taking to ensure the forthcoming carbon budget delivery plan includes measures to financially support people on low and middle incomes.
Welcome, Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her continued advocacy on this agenda.
I have enjoyed working with her from the Back Benches and hope to continue to do so in this new post.
I am excited to share with her and the whole House the carbon budget growth and delivery plan later this month.
What I can say now is that ensuring that low and middle-income families can benefit from the energy transition is absolutely central to our mission.
It is why we are rolling out the biggest home upgrade scheme in a generation and why we are moving away from expensive fossil fuels towards cheap, clean British power in homes and communities across our country.