How many jobs have to be sacrificed on the altar of this Secretary of State’s vainglorious eco-zealotry before the Government acknowledge the utter destruction of the UK’s industrial base that is being wreaked by policies driven by an out-of-touch green lobby that has captured what is laughably still called the Department for Energy Security?
It is no wonder that there is so much laughter around the Chamber, because the policies of the previous Conservative Government saw industry decline.
They were prepared to let industry decline because, fundamentally, they do not believe in industry, and now we find that they do not believe in climate science.
We on this side of the House know that we can achieve decarbonisation in this country by winning investment from industry—investment that is coming in from all around the world.
Our policies are giving industry the confidence to invest in creating jobs here in the UK.
On their watch, two oil refineries have closed in just one year, with Jim Ratcliffe warning of a million job losses to come.
Thousands are being laid off in the North sea, as companies divest themselves of assets and investment dries up.
Factories are closing and plants are shutting down.
It is no wonder that the head of Unite the union is calling for the Secretary of State to be sacked.
We know that the Prime Minister tried to do that but failed, so, short of that, will they instead consider our plans, which would save industry and jobs: scrapping the Climate Change Act 2008, scrapping the levies, scrapping the windfall tax and putting cheap energy first?
I would like to thank the Minister for reminding the House of the litany of errors that we had to pick up when we came into office.
My portfolio is filled with companies that have struggled so much over the past 10 years, but those companies now find that they have a partner in Government who will work with them to attract the investment to build jobs in the UK.
If the Opposition do not like those jobs, they can continue as they are.
What steps he is taking to improve grid infrastructure.
We are building a resilient grid for the future after decades of under-investment.
We are halving the development time for new transmission infrastructure, including through reforms to planning regulation and supply chains, and delivering the grid capacity needed to deliver clean power by 2030 and the economic growth that this country needs.
In January, when Storm Éowyn hit the UK, hundreds of thousands of people across Scotland were without power for several days.
That included thousands of my constituents, in rural villages such as Oakley and Blairhall, and a number were reliant on power for critical medical equipment.
Engineers performed heroic work to restore power as quickly as possible, but that was delayed by outdated grid infrastructure.
As the new winter storm season has already begun this year, what steps are the Minister and the Department taking to ensure the future reliance of the grid to withstand worsening storms?
How can that be done to protect vulnerable people in my constituency and across the UK?
My hon.
Friend asks an incredibly important question.
First, I would like to thank all the engineers and customer service staff who worked through the recent Storm Amy to ensure that people were reconnected as quickly as possible, including in some incredibly difficult circumstances—they did a fantastic job.
We are trying to ensure that the UK’s grid remains as resilient as possible.
That requires investment, and those who oppose the building of new infrastructure to improve our grid’s resilience will need to explain to their constituents why they want them to be much more at risk of disconnections in those storms.
Secondly, these storms are becoming more common, because climate change is impacting all our lives.
The answer is to move more quickly towards clean power and to recognise that climate change is a problem, not to bury our heads in the sand and fail to deliver the necessary investment.
Proposals for 90 miles of pylons from Grimsby to Walpole in my constituency would have a major detrimental impact on rural areas due to the scale of the infrastructure, the loss of high-quality farmland and the proximity of the infrastructure to homes.
Does the Minister understand—I do not think he does—why local people say no to pylons?
Will he get National Grid to look properly at undergrounding or offshoring, to reduce the impact on these communities and ensure that if the proposals do go ahead, communities are properly compensated?
I could not have organised that better if I had tried: immediately after I said, “If you are against grid infrastructure, you are against economic growth”, up pops the hon.
Gentleman to make exactly that point.
His party is against building the future of this country, and we are not going to follow that path at all.
Decades of under-investment have led to the issues  we face today.
They hold back economic growth across the country.
This infrastructure has to be built somewhere.
We are determined that communities benefit from that by introducing what the previous Government failed to do: community benefits for the communities who are hosting the infrastructure.