Assistant Police Chief Collum was also deeply involved in charity

work.
He volunteered at his church.
He went to Tijuana every month to

support orphanages and help children in need as part of the Corazon de

Vida Foundation--his empathy and compassion for others on full display.
And, Assistant Police Chief Collum was a true trailblazer.
He was the

Chula Vista Police Department's first Black lieutenant, first Black

captain, and first Black assistant chief.
He was also the first openly gay male officer in the department.
In

his own words, during an interview in 2022, Assistant Police Chief

Collum said that he was proud to be a member of the LGBTQ community.
He

was proud to be a law enforcement officer.
He was proud of his husband.
He was proud of his community.
And that he wanted to celebrate that.
I can't think of a better way to sum up his incredible contributions

to our community.
He broke down barriers and was a role model for so

many.
Assistant Police Chief Collum is survived by his loving husband,

William Lopez, and my heart is with his family, his friends, his

colleagues, and our entire community as we mourn this immense loss.
We will always remember Assistant Police Chief Collum.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE

HON.
RASHIDA TLAIB

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Ms. TLAIB.
Mr. Speaker, today I want to recognize the 109th

anniversary of the Armenian Genocide and stand in solidarity in the

remembrance of the millions of lives lost during this tragic event.
Let us not forget the hate and mistreatment Armenian families faced

and make sure that this terrible event is never forgotten in the minds

of Americans and our history.
The Armenian Genocide was one of the

darkest moments in human history, resulting in the deaths of

approximately a million Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman Empire.
Today, let us be reminded to always treat our neighbors with love and

human dignity, and inspired by the memory of those lost, to never stop

fighting for a better world in their honor.
I join the Armenian communities of Michigan and across my district in

recognizing the 109th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide as we

remember the lives of the loved ones lost a century ago.