Just this week, I joined with colleagues from both sides of

the aisle and in both chambers to reintroduce the Second Chance

Reauthorization Act to keep these programs running.
Research demonstrates that postsecondary correctional education is

greatly needed, has tremendous effectiveness, increases economic well-

being, reduces recidivism, and saves taxpayers money.
Two of my bills

to improve educational opportunity for justice-involved individuals

became law in 2019.
The REAL (Restoring Education and Learning) Act

restored Pell grant eligibility to the incarcerated.
According to the

Vera Institute study, states can save an average of $7.6 million in

incarceration costs each year for which people in prison have access to

Pell Grants.
The FAFSA act removed the prohibition on federal student

aid to people with felony drug convictions.
This policy unfairly

targeted poor and minority students and cost society more in terms of

crime and lost economic productivity.
These policy changes are smart,

cost-effective investments of taxpayer dollars.
Unfortunately, more needs to be done to improve educational access

for justice-involved individuals.
My DEMO (Demonstrating that

Empowerment Makes Opportunities) Act would help those with records

obtain successful health careers.
This bill is modeled on the

successful work of Johns Hopkins and the Safer Foundation that created

intensive training programs for workers in hospitals coupled with legal

services, support services, technical assistance for businesses, and

job placement services.
The programs are wildly successful, giving

people with records good jobs and giving the hospitals quality, loyal

workers.
My ED ACCESS Act would repeal the lifetime ban on the American

Opportunity Tax Credit for those with felony drug convictions.
The

antiquated lifetime AOTC ban for people with felony drug convictions

makes it harder for these individuals to afford college and get their

lives on track.
My REO (Reentry Employment Opportunities) Act would

codify the successful REO program that improves job training for

justice-impacted workers.
I am pleased that the House passed a WIOA

bill this month that included key provisions of my bill.
We also must do more to divert people from the criminal justice

system.
Each year about 20,000 youth enter foster care due to parental

incarceration.
I worked with Rep. Barbara Lee to secure money in FY22

to help parents whose children would be orphaned were they to enter

prison.
This trauma is avoidable, and quality diversion programs can

strengthen families and protect millions of children from harm.
I support and applaud my home state of Illinois for enacting the

SAFE-T Act to eliminate cash bail.
Illinois was the first state to end

cash bail.
This ban was championed by the Illinois Legislative Black

Caucus.
Justice should not target the poor.
Individuals who pose a

threat to the community will remain in jail, but those who simply can't

pay for bail will not.
According to a November report from Researchers

at Loyola University of Chicago's Center for Criminal Justice, the Cook

County jail population decreased by 12% in the month after

implementation, with similar decreases in several other Illinois

counties.
As we celebrate Second Chance Act month, I recognize our successes

and commit myself to continue to do more to help those who made

mistakes to get the opportunities to turn their lives around.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING FRANK JONNA

HON.
JOHN JAMES

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Mr. JAMES.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize my dear good friend,

Frank Jonna, as he is honored as the Chaldean American Chamber of

Commerce's 2024 Businessperson of the Year.
Frank's entrepreneurial instincts can be traced back to working with

his older brother, Jimmy, after he founded Jonna Construction in 1965.
Early on, Jimmy's leadership taught Frank the meaning of hard work,

patience, and perseverance firsthand, propelling him to later become

CEO of Jonna Construction.
With over 40 years of dedication to the Metro Detroit area, Frank has

served on the numerous Boards including Henry Ford Health, Catholic

Central High School, Angel's Place, and Detroit Public Television.