Title: HONORING MAGGIE GARRETT FOR HER YEARS OF SERVICE AT AMERICANS UNITED FOR SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
70

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MAGGIE GARRETT FOR HER YEARS OF SERVICE AT AMERICANS UNITED

FOR SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE

HON.
ROBERT C. ``BOBBY'' SCOTT

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Mr. SCOTT of Virginia.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and

recognize the work of Maggie Garrett, who recently left Americans

United for Separation of Church and State (Americans United or AU)

after leading AU's Public Policy Department and advocating for the

separation of church and state for nearly 20 years.
Maggie worked on

church-state issues before state legislatures, Congress, and the

Executive Branch, becoming a nationally recognized expert on religious

liberty issues and how these issues intersect with other civil rights.
Prior to joining Americans United, Maggie served as Legislative

Director and Staff Counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union

(ACLU) of Georgia, and as Staff Attorney at the ACLU of Alabama.
During

her time in Alabama and Georgia, Maggie litigated high-profile cases.
At the ACLU of Georgia, she also lobbied the state legislature, working

with legislators across the political spectrum to fight for policies

that protect civil rights and civil liberties and improve the lives of

all Georgians.
She played a key role in educating legislators about the

harms of a proposed state Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA),

successfully working to ensure that the measure did not advance since

it was drafted in a manner to deny civil rights protections in the name

of religious liberty.
In 2007, Maggie joined Americans United as Assistant Legislative

Director and remained at AU for almost 17 years, achieving the position

of Vice-President for Public Policy.
In her role at AU, Maggie worked

tirelessly to ensure that religious freedom is not misused to license

invidious discrimination.
Maggie led the work of the Coalition Against

Religious Discrimination (CARD)--a diverse set of stakeholder groups

she brought together from religious, religious freedom, civil rights,

labor, reproductive rights and health, LGBTQ rights, and secular

organizations--to oppose taxpayer-funded religious discrimination in

social service programs.
Maggie's leadership of CARD, together with her

expertise, helped ensure that the religious freedom of people who use

taxpayer-funded social services is protected and that these programs

include safeguards for the separation of church and state.
Also, as part of her work at AU, Maggie co-chaired the National

Coalition for Public Education (NCPE), a group of more than 50 national

organizations working to oppose private school vouchers.
Maggie has

long been a champion of public education and fought to ensure that

public funds remain in our public schools to be used for the education

of all students.
Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my thanks and appreciation to Maggie

for her years of service to the cause for separation of church and

state and to protecting civil rights.
Her decades of expertise were

invaluable to me and my staff.
Our Founding Fathers knew from personal

experience the dangers of governmental entanglement with religion,

leading them to enshrine religious freedom in the First Amendment of

our Constitution.
In fact, Thomas Jefferson warned against such excess

in the Virginia Assembly in 1779, with the introduction of the Virginia

Statute for Religious Freedom which would serve as the nation's

precursor to the First Amendment; he cautioned that, ``our civil rights

have no dependence on our religious opinions, any more than our

opinions on physics and geometry.''
Maggie's work carried on that

tradition.
For over two decades, Maggie fought to uphold

the separation of church and state, a foundational principle that is

the cornerstone of true religious freedom.