In fact, Thomas Jefferson warned against such excess

in the Virginia Assembly in 1779, with the introduction of the Virginia

Statute for Religious Freedom which would serve as the nation's

precursor to the First Amendment; he cautioned that, ``our civil rights

have no dependence on our religious opinions, any more than our

opinions on physics and geometry.''
Maggie's work carried on that

tradition.
For over two decades, Maggie fought to uphold

the separation of church and state, a foundational principle that is

the cornerstone of true religious freedom.
I wish her the best in her next role as Vice-President of Federal

Affairs with the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to

Animals, where she will follow her other passion, advocating for the

humane treatment of animals, inspired by her beloved rescue dogs

Atticus and Finn.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

PERSONAL EXPLANATION

HON.
EARL L. ``BUDDY'' CARTER

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Mr. CARTER of Georgia.
Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have

voted YEA on Roll Call No.
142.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING ANA S. HERNANDEZ MORALES

HON.
BRITTANY PETTERSEN

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Ms. PETTERSEN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ana S.

Hernandez Morales for earning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service

Ambassadors for Youth Award.
Ana has overcome many challenges along her journey to success,

demonstrating perseverance at every step.
Students who strive to make

the most of their education, like Ana, develop crucial skills and a

work ethic that will guide them for the rest of their lives.
This award

is a testament to Ana's hard work, determination, and perseverance at

Arvada K-8 and is clearly just the beginning of a bright and promising

future.
It is my honor to congratulate Ana S. Hernandez Morales on achieving

the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth Award.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING APRIL AS SECOND CHANCE MONTH

HON.
DANNY K. DAVIS

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Mr. DAVIS of Illinois.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to take a moment to

celebrate April as Second Chance Month--a time to recognize that

interventions that help justice-involved individuals make our

communities safer and healthier, grow our economy, and reduce

recidivism.
I am deeply proud of my successes during my Congressional career that

have given people a second chance.
The impact of the criminal justice

system is deep and harmful--breaking families, removing workers from

their workplace, and weakening our families, communities, and economy.
We know that providing opportunity for improvement strengthens lives,

and it also saves taxpayer resources on re-incarceration that could

support citizens in other ways, with the Illinois Sentencing Policy

Advisory Council estimating that the average cost associated with one

recidivism event is $151,662.
Further, economists recognize that

integrating individuals with records into the workforce boosts our

economy by increasing earnings and tax revenue.
In April of 2008, Congress passed and President George Bush enacted

my bill--the Second Chance Act.
This law has provided over $600 million

to state, local, and tribal governments as well as reentry-focused non-

profit organizations to operate programs and services to ensure the

success of people reentering their communities after incarceration.
A

study completed by Texas Southern University of the effectiveness of

the Second Chance Act in Alabama, Mississippi, and Georgia found that

education, vocational and work release programs, substance abuse

programs, and family support are integral activities in reducing

recidivism.
Just this week, I joined with colleagues from both sides of

the aisle and in both chambers to reintroduce the Second Chance

Reauthorization Act to keep these programs running.
Research demonstrates that postsecondary correctional education is

greatly needed, has tremendous effectiveness, increases economic well-

being, reduces recidivism, and saves taxpayers money.
Two of my bills

to improve educational opportunity for justice-involved individuals

became law in 2019.