And though I didn't expect to have to prioritize my family and leave

Congress early, I'll confess this is how I always wanted to go out.
On

top, with the select committee at the height of its influence, having

just passed the most consequential bill of my career, perhaps the most

consequential bill of this Congress, and having just completed two

historic investigations.
And with FISA and these national security

supplemental across the finish line, this Congress has completed its

most important homework, for which the Speaker deserves enormous

credit.
I firmly believe the Speaker has emerged on the other side of this

stronger and a statesman.
Any Motion to Vacate will fail, the

Republican majority will grow as three special election seats get

filled in the coming weeks, and what remains of this Congress will

involve bipartisan oversight and legislation.
And though I will be

stepping away from politics, I think after this week my Republican

colleagues will have a strong case to make come November, that they

held the line for freedom at home and abroad.
It's typical at moments such as these to say ``I have no regrets.''
This is true legislatively and professionally.
I accomplished my

mission and got to chair the most significant committee in the 118th

congress.
Yet I have a lingering personal regret.
I wish I had devoted

more time to building personal relationships with my colleagues.
Our

time here is frenetic: filled with overlapping committee hearings and

constant fundraising events.
It's hard to carve out time just to get to

know your colleagues, to understand their background and motivation,

and thereby develop trust.
Where I was able to do that, with Senator Angus King my co-chair on

the Cyberspace Solarium Commission, and with Raja Krishnamoorthi on the

China committee, it produced the biggest legislative successes of my 8

years.
Put differently, my effectiveness as Congressman wasn't

primarily a function of intellect or op-ed writing prowess and

certainly not fundraising, it was a direct result of forging

friendships across our caucus and maybe more importantly across the

aisle.
So if there's a lesson in that for my successor or any of my

colleagues it's after a grueling day of a thousand meetings, still make

the effort to get that beer with a member you don't know that well.
Drink more, tweet less.
Get to know your colleagues in real life before

trashing them on social media.
At the end of the day, Republicans and

Democrats, we're all Americans, citizens of the greatest country in the

history of the world.
Even on our worst day the world is looking to us

for leadership.
God bless America.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

REMEMBERING CHULA VISTA ASSISTANT POLICE CHIEF PHIL COLLUM

HON.
SARA JACOBS

Saturday, April 20, 2024

Ms. JACOBS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Chula Vista Assistant

Police Chief Phil Collum, a 29-year veteran of the department who we

sadly lost to cancer.
His service and his legacy will always be

remembered.
Those who knew Assistant Police Chief Collum best emphasize his

empathy, his compassion, his reputation for being fair, his work ethic,

and more than anything, his dedication to his community.
Community was at the heart of everything Assistant Police Chief

Collum did.
He gave the directive in 2022 to create the Community

Engagement Division to help foster community relationships--and he

personally led this division.
He was committed to building bridges between officers and the

community they serve.
Through the Community Engagement Division, he worked to make sure that

the Chula Vista Police Department was actively connecting with

community members including residents, students, and business owners.
Assistant Police Chief Collum was also deeply involved in charity

work.
He volunteered at his church.
He went to Tijuana every month to

support orphanages and help children in need as part of the Corazon de

Vida Foundation--his empathy and compassion for others on full display.