Bill Hoagland, a former staff director of the Senate Budget

Committee, described Bob as ``Solid, steadfast, loyal, with unbending

integrity.
The rock for almost the entire span of CBO's existence, Bob

provided the `sunshine' to what otherwise can be a depressing subject--

the federal budget.''
Bob also is a lay leader of Congregation Har Shalom in Potomac,

Maryland, and a devoted husband of 57 years to his wife Laurie, proud

father of two sons, Ari (married to Jennifer) and Josh (married to

Dara), and delighted grandfather to four grandchildren.
His professional accomplishments set him apart, but it is his

personal ethic--his optimism and thoughtful consideration for his

friends and colleagues--that truly defines him.
I wish him well as he

moves on after decades of outstanding service to the Congress.
I am

grateful for that service, and I wish him the best in the years to

come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING JOHN DAVID LOGAN FOR EXCELLENCE AND EXTRAORDINARY SERVICE

HON.
MARK E. GREEN

Mr. GREEN of Tennessee.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John

David ``JD'' Logan for his eminent service and dedication to the people

of Tennessee's Seventh District.
Four and a half years ago, as Capitol Hill was wrestling with how to

serve our constituents during the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic,

JD joined our team in his last semester of college.
He was instrumental

in helping us respond to the unprecedented increase in correspondence

and casework requests.
Amidst these challenges, JD distinguished

himself as a highly capable staffer with uncommon character.
Since then, JD has been instrumental in countless projects and held

numerous positions.
He rose quickly in our office, from Legislative

Correspondent to Legislative Assistant, and most recently, to Senior

Legislative Assistant.
Because of his skill set and reliability, he has

taken on many projects outside his portfolio, including building our

very successful internship program.
As a testament to his leadership,

we have hired multiple former interns to join our staff full-time.
JD has served Tennessee's Seventh District with commitment and

distinction in every way.
He has covered a wide swath of legislation,

committee work, constituent services, correspondence, operations, and

communications over his years on our team, and we are beyond grateful

for his hard work and devoted service.
In all that he does, he excels

with diligence, and humility.
Most recently, he has been invaluable to my work on the House Foreign

Affairs Committee and a host of policy areas.
His dedication to

applying the principles of our founding to complex issues facing the

Nation today has served our district--and our Nation--well.
During his time on my team, our country has gone through much.
All

along, we have been grateful for his steadfast discipline and hard

work.
He tirelessly pursues truth and is a constant source of

encouragement to all he encounters.
As a staffer and as a leader, he

carries himself with integrity and courage.
It is difficult to fully

express our deep appreciation for his faithful service to our office

and our Nation.
As a staffer, as a man, and as an American, he is of

the highest quality.
We are profoundly grateful for JD's service to our office and the

constituents of Tennessee's Seventh District.
JD's zeal for our great

Nation and its values, combined with his dogged dedication to the

highest degree of excellence in all he does, marks him as a great

American and invaluable servant to this country.
Although it is with

sadness to see JD's time here in our office come to a close, we are

confident he will continue to distinguish himself in public service

across the Capitol.
We wish him and his wife, Addison the very best.
On

behalf of Tennessee's Seventh District, I commend JD for his excellent

service and wish him well.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING MANUEL MILANES

HON.
MARIO DIAZ-BALART

Mr. DIAZ-BALART.