From the

restaurant workers of Washington, D.C. to the staffers who keep Capitol

Hill running, all of Daniel Katz's clients found in him a champion for

dignity, fair wages and working conditions.
On July 25, 2024, Danny's

loved ones lost a treasured husband, father, and friend and the world

lost a principled, persistent and brilliant public servant.
Danny was driven by his conviction that worker justice is the

foundation of a just society.
He believed in the fundamental principle

that a dignified workplace for even the lowest paid workers raises the

standards all for all workers.
After working for a private practice

specializing in employment law, Danny founded the District of Columbia

Employment Justice Center, becoming its first director.
It also didn't

matter which court heard one of his client's cases; over the course of

his career, Danny represented clients before every one of the federal,

state and local courts in Maryland and D.C.

For Danny, his duties to his clients extended beyond the courtroom.
He advocated for legislation at the D.C. City Council on worker pay

issues and testified before the U.S. Congress on the rampant menace of

wage theft.
He lent his considerable talents pro bono to clients

seeking assistance from the Public Justice Center in Baltimore, the

Maryland Legal Aid Bureau, the Woman's Law Center of Maryland and the

Sexual Assault Legal Institute.
He was dedicated to sharing his wealth

of knowledge with his fellow attorneys, frequently teaching continuing

education courses for lawyers on litigating claims under wage-and-hour

laws and how his colleagues could most effectively represent immigrants

and low-wage workers.
At the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, Danny maintained his focus on

the most vulnerable workers in our communities.
After establishing

accessible legal clinics for workers across the DMV, he ensured that

the Washington Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights and Urban Affairs

could keep these clinics open virtually and continue providing

services.
The clinic didn't miss a single week as Danny and a team of

like-minded lawyers served workers seeking legal aid when they needed

it most.
Danny used his membership in the National Employment Lawyers

Association to build both solidarity and expertise among members of the

labor bar.
By the time he reached the House of Representatives as Senior Counsel

at the Office of Employee Advocacy (OEA), Danny had 25 years of

experience advocating for workers.
He had earned numerous accolades,

including the Maryland Employment Lawyers Association ``Excellence in

Advocacy'' award and the ``Visionary Award'' in 2018 for his work with

the Maryland Coalition Against Sexual Assault.
Just as he had done in

every job prior to the House OEA, Danny acted as a dedicated mentor to

his colleagues and aspiring attorneys and a fierce advocate for his

clients.
His loss is profound and sharply felt in our community.
I join the

people of Maryland's beautiful Eighth District in honoring the life of

Danny Katz, a titan in the fight for workers' rights, and in sending my

condolences to his wife Lael, his son and his daughter Lucia.
May

Danny's memory be a blessing.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

LISA P. RIMLAND: NEWLY RETIRED COURT-APPOINTED RECEIVER FOR NURSING

HOMES WILL BE MISSED

HON.
JOHN B. LARSON

Mr. LARSON of Connecticut.
Mr. Speaker, I include in the Record an

op-ed by Lisa Rimland for recognizing Tim Colburn's career of courage,

compassion, and care for those who are most in need and often

forgotten.
I have known Tim Colburn all my life.
We grew up together in a

federal housing project called Mayberry Village, named after the

legendary Dr. Franklin Mayberry of East Hartford.
We jokingly referred

to it as the `Cardboard City.'
Tim was then always caring,

compassionate, and competitive--excelling at everything he did.
In

sports, he was probably the best all-around athlete in the Village and

in the town we grew up in; he especially excelled at track and field,

which require individual athleticism.