Title: CELEBRATING THE 200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF PEKIN; Congressional Record Vol.
170, No.
151

From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

CELEBRATING THE 200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY OF PEKIN

HON.
DARIN LaHOOD

Mr. LaHOOD.
Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to recognize the City of

Pekin, Illinois, which I'm proud to represent in Congress, as it

celebrates its 200th anniversary.
Pekin's history began with Pioneer Jonathan Tharp building a small

log cabin in 1824 on the high east bank of the Illinois River in what

would become Pekin, Illinois.
The families of Gideon Hawley, William

Haines, Nathan Cromwell, Dr. John Warner, William Brown, Thomas Snell,

Isaac Perkins, William Carpenter--among others--joined the Tharps in

settling and establishing the new community.
Pekin, fondly referred to by its early inhabitants as the ``Celestial

City'', embraces the inspiration its founders received by Chinese

culture and geography in its namesake (Peking, current Beijing), with

Pekin and modern-day Beijing existing on or about the same latitude.
Since its earliest days, Pekin's proximity to railroads and the

Illinois River has made it

ideal for agribusiness and manufacturing--providing for its abundant

growth and early establishment as the largest city and the current

county seat in the County of Tazewell.
Abraham Lincoln freed his first slave, Nance Legins-Costley of Pekin,

in Tazewell County, and Pekin is the birthplace of such prominent

national figures as U.S. Senate Minority Leader Everett McKinley

Dirksen; U.S. Assistant Secretary of Defense and Advisor to Robert

McNamara, John T. McNaughton; Journalist Richard Stolley of LIFE

Magazine, and Astronaut Scott Altman.
Today, Pekin remains a closely-knit and primarily service-oriented

community, with dozens of churches, civic and service organizations,

and nonprofit agencies striving to make a difference in the Pekin

community and beyond.
The founding pioneer settlers of Pekin believed

strongly that it was imperative to provide their youth with a strong

education, and the Pekin Public Schools have diligently nurtured the

children of the Pekin community since its first school opened in 1830.
Pekin is perhaps best known today for its annual Marigold Festival

that draws visitors from all over the state and the nation, gathering

primarily in its iconic Mineral Springs Park.
Community members have

successfully led an 18-month endeavor to raise over $1.2M in private

funds and to build a performing arts venue in Mineral Springs as a

major Bicentennial gift to the City, its residents, and many future

generations.
Pekin continues to make exceptional efforts to preserve and

understand its past while embracing its future, led by organizations

such as the Pekin Public Library and the Tazewell County Genealogical

and Historical Society: Its year-long 2024 Bicentennial celebration has

been among the highest of such achievements.
Today, we celebrate the City of Pekin and its residents for their

passion and dedication to their community.
I extend my sincere

congratulations to the City of Pekin, Illinois for a successful 200

years, and I wish them even more success in the years to come.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

COMMENDING ROBERT SUNSHINE

HON.
BRENDAN F. BOYLE

Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate

Robert Sunshine on his retirement after 48 years of stellar service to

the Congressional Budget Office, the Congress, and the country.
I'd

like to take a few minutes to honor this truly exceptional public

servant.
Bob's tenure at CBO has been extraordinary, not just for its

longevity, but for the outstanding work he has produced and the people

he has so deeply affected.
Throughout his distinguished career, he has

served as a mentor to countless members of the CBO staff (and to CBO's

directors) who have valued his wisdom, work ethic, and experienced

perspective.
Bob truly exemplifies the values of dedication and

leadership--of upholding CBO's mandate to be objective, impartial, and

nonpartisan.
Before coming to CBO, Bob was a senior associate at a transportation

consulting firm.