He not only spent his entire career in that community, but

he also gives back to it every chance he gets.
Since 1983, he's served as the public address announcer for Tennessee

Tech University football and basketball games.
He's also volunteered

his time and used his platform to support many causes over the years,

including Habitat for Humanity, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital,

Alzheimer's Tennessee, and the American Cancer Society.
Gibbons is

known by some as the `pink tie guy' in the Upper Cumberland for his

dedication to bringing awareness in the fight against breast cancer

through wearing a pink tie.
Following the devastation from Hurricane

Michael, Philip used his airtime to ask listeners to fill an 18-wheeler

with supplies to help the folks of Panama City Beach recover.
From interviewing up-and-coming artists to the legends, Philip has

built a name for himself in Cookeville, in Music City, and throughout

the County Music family.
He's seen a lot of change in the business

throughout his career.
Today, automation and pre-recorded announcements

are commonplace in radio, but Philip remembers well the days of live-

only broadcasts and actual turn tables.
I want to congratulate Philip on 50 years in radio and wish him many

more years of success ahead.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL AND ENERGY STUDY

INSTITUTE (EESI)

HON.
CHRISSY HOULAHAN

Ms. HOULAHAN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Environmental

and Energy Study Institute (EESI) on 40 years of working with Congress

and providing policymakers with educational resources about climate,

clean energy, and environmental topics.
To address climate change, we need durable policies that support

impactful climate solutions that withstand the ups and downs of

Washington.
That requires us to work across the aisle and craft

bipartisan legislation.
Thankfully, there is more common ground on

combatting climate change than ever before, and the bipartisan Climate

Solutions Caucus is providing a unique space for Members who share my

interest in paving the way forward together.
EESI also understands the value of finding common ground and has been

a true partner to the Caucus in helping to educate members on a

multitude of topics, including the advancement of climate solutions in

the Farm Bill, natural climate solutions, carbon sequestration,

community resilience, and climate negotiations on the international

stage during the U.N. Conference of Parties.
During my time in Congress, I have always appreciated EESI's ability

to deliver timely, nonpartisan, science-based educational resources in

formats that my staff and I can use to serve the constituents of the

Sixth District of the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
EESI's

partnership has directly supported the educational efforts that the

bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus has facilitated for its Members and

staff.
Building bipartisan collaboration around data-driven climate

solutions will keep the United States on a course to meet its climate

goals while revitalizing the economy, safeguarding energy security, and

providing cost-effective, cleaner power for everyday Americans.
EESI has a long history of working on climate and environmental

issues regardless of which party is in the White House.
EESI's

predecessor organization dates back to the time of Richard Nixon, and

EESI itself was established as an independent nonprofit organization

during Ronald Reagan's first term.
The organization began its work on

climate change under the George H.W. Bush Administration and, more

recently, it has extensively tracked the historic climate investments

passed by the House and Senate during the Biden Administration.
This

history exemplifies EESI's commitment to facilitating constructive,

bipartisan dialogues around how to bast combat climate change.
Congratulations to EESI on 40 years of working alongside Congress and

promoting durable, bipartisan climate solutions.
I wish EESI all the

best for the next 40 years of advancing solutions, fostering

bipartisanship, supporting rural communities, and cultivating young

leaders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MERCED COUNTY COMMUNITY ACTION AGENCY (MCCAA) ON THEIR

60TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.