We jokingly referred

to it as the `Cardboard City.'
Tim was then always caring,

compassionate, and competitive--excelling at everything he did.
In

sports, he was probably the best all-around athlete in the Village and

in the town we grew up in; he especially excelled at track and field,

which require individual athleticism.
His love of people, with special attention to the underserved and the

underdogs, is legendary.
It was an honor for me to know and count Tim

as a true friend.
I stand in awe of his selfless leadership and

accomplishments.
He was never concerned about taking credit and always

did the right thing because that is how he was raised and what he

valued.
Lisa Rimland's op-ed in the Hartford Courant confirms what the world

should know about Tim.
They attest to Tim Coburn's contributions to his

family, his friends, his community and associations, and the state and

Nation he loved.
One of the hardest-working people in Connecticut, who has

spent virtually his whole life doing good, retired recently.
What he accomplished should be shouted from the rooftops but

few people know his name because the world in which he worked

is not a world that is spoken about often.
In many ways it is

not that well-known, yet it affects most of us intimately and

inevitably.
The man is Timothy Coburn, and for decades he has

functioned as a court-appointed ``receiver,'' a person who

goes into nursing homes and other care facilities that are in

trouble, financially and/or otherwise, and tries to save

them.
In these situations, the human stakes are very high.
If

the problems in a home cannot be fixed or the home cannot be

sold, the home may have to be closed, resulting in transfer

trauma risks for frail residents and patients and the loss of

jobs for countless employees.
The world of nursing homes has recently become better

publicized because of the COVID pandemic.
With what they have

gone

through, these homes are now firmly in mythological

territory, as is Mr. Coburn.
I first became aware of Mr.

Coburn and his world in July of 2012 when the care home I was

living in was put into receivership by the Superior Court due

to various problems.
I was living in the care home because

after I was declared disabled in 2004, I could not find

housing assistance in Mansfield.
On the evening of July 18, 2012, after Mr. Coburn had just

been appointed receiver of the home in which I lived, a quick

but violent thunderstorm knocked out the power, and the

generator failed.
I called and reported the situation to

Barbara Cass of the Department of Public Health, and within

an hour a truck arrived hauling a new generator which was

hooked up to restore power.
Mr. Coburn had rented the

generator.
This is only one example of Mr. Coburn's constant

generosity.
If a home that he was in charge of needed

something, he would go out right away and buy it with his own

money, then later get reimbursed by the court.
If anyone

living in one of his homes had exceptional needs or

circumstances, he accommodated them.
He was always available

to lend a helping hand, a listening ear, or a ride to

dialysis.
Skilled-nursing facilities have been his specialty.
A

nursing home receivership usually lasts about two years, but

Mr. Coburn's last one ran through the pandemic and is

approaching four under another receiver.
Miraculously, he

remained healthy through most of the pandemic.
Few of us can

imagine what he and all those responsible for running the

homes went through during the pandemic.
But if you visit the

homes now, and even more so if you live in the homes, you can

see and feel the pandemic's mark, almost as if you were

visiting a country where a terrible war was fought: the

bodies'of the casualties are gone, but you can feel their

presence everywhere.