From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MUSHROOM HOUSE AUTOMOTIVE OF COLORA, MARYLAND ON ITS 30TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mushroom House

Automotive, a veteran and family-owned business out of Colora, Cecil

County, Maryland, as it approaches its 30th anniversary on October 1,

2024.
Originally a mushroom farm operated by the Webb family for over 40

years, the business transitioned into an automotive repair and sales

center after being pushed out of the industry.
In 2006, Mushroom House

survived a devastating fire that destroyed the shop and several classic

cars.
It was rebuilt and reopened only with the support and dedication

of the local community.
Today, Mushroom House Automotive continues to serve Cecil County and

provide top-notch, honest automotive services under the leadership of

Victor ``Butch'' Webb Sr.,
his son Steven Webb and with the expertise

of Archie Singleton II.
Together, they have raised over $300,000

through their vehicle donation program for various non-profit

organizations and consistently support the community, including

participating in Career Day at Rising Sun Middle School and the CCPS

Summer Work Program, where they pair students with local businesses.
Mushroom House Automotive also partners with the Cecil County School of

Technology's Automotive program to teach and support the next

generation of mechanics and car enthusiasts.
In the last three years, Mushroom House Automotive has placed in the

top three of Cecil Whig's Community Choice in Automotive Salesperson--

Used Cars, Auto Repair, Oil Change, Pre-Owned Vehicle Sales and Tires.
In addition, Steven Webb and Archie Singleton II were honored as

business leaders and inducted into the National Technical Honor

Society, a recognition spearheaded by Scott Coutu, the Automotive

Technology instructor at the Cecil County School of Technology.
I am proud and grateful to Mushroom House Automotive for its

continued service of over 30 years to the community.
Small, family-

owned businesses like these constitute the backbone of American economy

and provide essential services to local communities.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING PHILIP GIBBONS ON 50 YEARS OF BROADCASTING-

HON.
JOHN W. ROSE

Mr. ROSE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a name--and voice--

known to countless Tennesseans.
Philip Gibbons is celebrating 50 years

in radio, most of which having been spent as host of the midday show on

94.7 The Country Giant.
The station reaches more than 120,000 listeners

across 19 counties, spanning Middle Tennessee and Southern Kentucky.
That's a lot of people who look forward to hearing him day after day.
His broadcast career started at 15-years-old, before he was old

enough to drive.
The year was 1974 and the gig was part-time janitor

and disc jockey for WPTN in Cookeville, Tenn.

Fifty years later, Gibbons is a member of the Tennessee Radio Hall of

Fame.
He's been selected as a regular stage host at the CMA Music Fest

and a guest announcer at the Grand Ole Opry many times in recent years.
In 2020, Philip was awarded Small Market Personality of the Year by

Country Aircheck, the leading trade publication for the industry.
Philip was also nominated by the Academy of Country Music for Small

Market Personality of the Year.
When asked why he never left Cookeville behind for a larger radio

market, he responded, ``this is where my heart is.
This is my

community.''
He not only spent his entire career in that community, but

he also gives back to it every chance he gets.
Since 1983, he's served as the public address announcer for Tennessee

Tech University football and basketball games.
He's also volunteered

his time and used his platform to support many causes over the years,

including Habitat for Humanity, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital,

Alzheimer's Tennessee, and the American Cancer Society.