Congratulations to EESI on 40 years of working alongside Congress and

promoting durable, bipartisan climate solutions.
I wish EESI all the

best for the next 40 years of advancing solutions, fostering

bipartisanship, supporting rural communities, and cultivating young

leaders.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE MERCED COUNTY COMMUNITY ACTION AGENCY (MCCAA) ON THEIR

60TH ANNIVERSARY

HON.
JOHN S. DUARTE

Mr. DUARTE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Merced County

Community Action Agency (MCCAA) in celebrating sixty years of service.
MCCAA began serving Dos Palos in 1964 and opened its first Head Start

center in 1965.
MCCAA is part of a nationwide movement that began with

the signing of the Economic Opportunity Act of 1964 by President Lyndon

B. Johnson.
MCCAA's mission is to serve, advocate, and collaborate for

those in need by developing innovative strategies for self-empowerment.
MCCAA gainfully employs nearly 200 people and serves over 17,000

unduplicated customers every month with a total of sixteen federal and

state programs.
The work MCCAA provides for the community would be

impossible without our local community, who last year volunteered over

14,000 hours.
Last year, MCCAA housed over 112 formerly unhoused

community members with safe, affordable homes.
Over 400 children

utilize their free preschool programs for early learning and education.
MCCAA provides 1,500 families with utility assistance, keeping families

safe during scorching Valley summers.
The MCCAA maintains over sixteen other locations in Merced County,

and partners with over 200 local service providers, government

agencies, and families to help with outreach, referrals and access to

needed services.
The D Street Navigation Center is open year-round,

twenty-four hours per day to meet the needs of Merced County's most

vulnerable living on the streets.
Last year, over 514 unhoused

individuals stayed at this Center.
MCAA continues to expand.
MCAA recently added a diaper bank, a summer

food program, and expanded support for at risk pregnant and new

mothers.
Therefore Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House

of Representatives to join me in celebrating the MCCAA for 60 years of

service to our Valley.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING THE SAMARITAN'S PURSE FLOOD RECOVERY RESPONSE IN EAST

KENTUCKY

HON.
HAROLD ROGERS

Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express immense

gratitude on behalf of the people of Eastern Kentucky who have received

flood recovery assistance from Samaritan's Purse during two back-to-

back disaster relief missions, starting in 2021.
Breathitt County has essentially become a second home to some team

members of Samaritan's Purse, who first arrived in our region after a

major flood in March 2021.
They have provided the most comprehensive

response efforts, rallying volunteers from across the country to help

muck-out damaged homes, provide cleaning supplies and food to flood

victims, and resources to help rebuild homes.
The crew dedicated an

entire year of service to our region and had only been gone for a few

days before a second catastrophic flood hit the heart of our region in

July 2022, taking the lives of 45 Kentuckians.
Without hesitation, the

Samaritan's Purse tractor trailer reloaded supplies and turned around

to head right back to Breathitt County.
Our region was briefly crippled

by the widespread impact of that overnight flood that took out power

lines, washed out critical roadways and bridges, damaged thousands of

homes and vehicles, leaving hundreds of Eastern Kentucky families

homeless in an instant.
Thanks to the overwhelming generosity of individuals across the

country, donations flooded into our region, giving flood survivors a

glimmer of hope for the long journey ahead.
Many organizations, like

Samaritan's Purse, also dispatched recovery teams to our region,

helping sustain families through their darkest hour.
As various crews

expended as many resources as possible to aid Eastern Kentucky, there

has been one constant team remaining long after everyone else had to

leave--and that is Samaritan's Purse.