Throughout his distinguished career, he has

served as a mentor to countless members of the CBO staff (and to CBO's

directors) who have valued his wisdom, work ethic, and experienced

perspective.
Bob truly exemplifies the values of dedication and

leadership--of upholding CBO's mandate to be objective, impartial, and

nonpartisan.
Before coming to CBO, Bob was a senior associate at a transportation

consulting firm.
He joined CBO in 1976 when the agency was in its

infancy.
His first job was as principal analyst, covering

transportation issues in what is now the Natural and Physical Resources

Cost Estimates Unit of CBO's Budget Analysis Division.
Bob quickly demonstrated his analytical skills and breadth of

knowledge and was promoted in 1978 to become Unit Chief.
In that role,

he led his staff in providing high-quality and timely budgetary

projections and analyses of legislative proposals on a wide range of

topics, including energy, land and water management, disaster

assistance, and banking--to name just a few.
In 1995, Bob became the Budget Analysis Division's Deputy Assistant

Director, and in 1999 he was named CBO's Assistant Director of Budget

Analysis.
In that capacity, he oversaw much of the agency's work.
He

supervised the preparation of cost estimates and intergovernmental

mandate statements for legislation being considered by the Congress.
He

also managed the preparation of the multiyear budget and economic

projections that constitute the baseline for the Congressional budget

process, the agency's annual analyses of the President's budget

proposals, and CBO's ongoing contributions to the Congressional budget

scorekeeping system.
He also continued in his role as the executive

editor of the agency's long-running Monthly Budget Review.
In 2003, Bob received the James L. Blum Award for exceptional and

distinguished accomplishment and leadership in public budgeting from

the American Association for Budget and Program Analysis.
Bob served as Acting Director of CBO from November 25, 2008, to

January 22, 2009, before becoming Senior Adviser to the Director and

unofficial quality control officer for CBO's written products.
Douglas Holtz-Eakin, CBO's Director from 2003 to 2005, described Bob

as ``the living heart of CBO.
He has molded the agency, sustained its

focus on its mission, and passed his wisdom along to generations of

analysts--and Directors!
It is hard to imagine CBO without him.''
Peter Orszag, CBO's Director from 2007 to 2008 said, ``It is no

exaggeration to say that CBO is what it is today--rigorous,

independent, and widely respected--in no small part because of Bob

Sunshine.
For nearly half a century, he has worked in service of facts,

good analysis, and sound policymaking.
Bob's counsel made me a better

CBO Director, just as he has made better everyone who has been lucky

enough to work alongside him.
Most importantly, Bob has done all of

this and more without losing his sense of humor and his humanity.''
Bob is highly regarded by Members of Congress, regardless of party

affiliation, on both sides of the Capitol for his deep knowledge of the

budget process and commitment to CBO's role in that process.
Paul Ryan, former Speaker of the House and Chairman of the House

Committee on the Budget said, ``Bob Sunshine has made critical

contributions over CBO's entire history to ensure it developed and

provided non-partisan and objective data and analyses to the Congress.
Few can match the unwavering, sustained, and lengthy commitment Bob

made to CBO.''
Bill Hoagland, a former staff director of the Senate Budget

Committee, described Bob as ``Solid, steadfast, loyal, with unbending

integrity.
The rock for almost the entire span of CBO's existence, Bob

provided the `sunshine' to what otherwise can be a depressing subject--

the federal budget.''
Bob also is a lay leader of Congregation Har Shalom in Potomac,

Maryland, and a devoted husband of 57 years to his wife Laurie, proud

father of two sons, Ari (married to Jennifer) and Josh (married to

Dara), and delighted grandfather to four grandchildren.