Miraculously, he

remained healthy through most of the pandemic.
Few of us can

imagine what he and all those responsible for running the

homes went through during the pandemic.
But if you visit the

homes now, and even more so if you live in the homes, you can

see and feel the pandemic's mark, almost as if you were

visiting a country where a terrible war was fought: the

bodies'of the casualties are gone, but you can feel their

presence everywhere.
It is quiet and peaceful, yet with

echoes of an unspeakable past, and the words ``God willing''

are appended to every plan.
This is the world that Mr. Coburn left, having served the

frailest citizens of our state during both peace and

metaphoric wartime.
It was in these homes that the most

helpless of the pandemic's victims died, and that many of the

most courageous of the healthcare workers fought to save as

many as they could, and to save themselves.
Many people shun

the world of these homes even if they have family members

living in them.
This is a tragedy in many ways, because there

are lessons to be learned in the homes that cannot be learned

from books, lessons for the heart as well as the mind,

lessons in compassion and even keys to the mysteries of war

and peace.
Eventually, most of us will occupy a bed in one of

these homes.
Why wait until then to visit?
If more people embraced the homes with the love, compassion

and enthusiasm of Mr. Coburn, it would be a better world for

all of us, both inside and outside the homes.
If there is one

sure lesson that can be learned from the pandemic and the

homes, this is it.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING LOIS LANGER THOMPSON FOR HER DEDICATED SERVICE TO OUR

PUBLIC LIBRARIES

HON.
SUZAN K. DelBENE

Ms. DelBENE.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Ms. Lois Langer

Thompson for nearly 40 years of invaluable service to our public

library systems.
Since 2018 Lois has passionately led Sno-Isle

Libraries as Executive Director, which provides service to over 800,000

residents across Snohomish and Island counties.
Prior to moving to

Washington, she served the Hennepin County Library.
I first met Lois in 2019 at the former Lake Stevens Historical

Society and Museum, when she told me about her plans to expand Sno-

Isle's library system in Lake Stevens with a new, larger library for

the community.
Since then, I have had the pleasure of working with her

and watching her cultivate a thriving library community in Washington's

First Congressional District and beyond.
Under Lois' leadership, Sno-Isle Libraries has embedded equity across

the organization, built a capital strategy to connect everyone to their

local library, completed three library construction projects in

Darrington, Edmonds, and Mill Creek, invested in digital equity,

launched a commitment to sustainability, expanded the Foundation Board

of Directors, strengthened community collaboration, and supported the

formation of the first collective bargaining unit for employees.
Lois

also guided the organization through a pandemic, while adopting new

services to allow Sno-Isle to continue providing essential resources to

our communities.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Ms. Langer

Thompson and wishing her the best in her retirement.
We are grateful

for her contributions to the community and will cherish her legacy of

service and commitment to creating inspiring, welcoming spaces.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

RECOGNIZING MUSHROOM HOUSE AUTOMOTIVE OF COLORA, MARYLAND ON ITS 30TH

ANNIVERSARY

HON.
ANDY HARRIS

Mr. HARRIS.
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize Mushroom House

Automotive, a veteran and family-owned business out of Colora, Cecil

County, Maryland, as it approaches its 30th anniversary on October 1,

2024.