Originally from Cuba, Manuel made the United States his

home in 2017 after living in the Dominican Republic, where he met his

loving wife, Kenia Rodriguez.
Together, they set down roots in the Ave

Maria community, building a family and a successful business.
He notes

that it is his Christian faith that has guided him in choosing a

business that serves others, while also providing generously for the

families of his 50 employees.
Beyond his business pursuits, Manuel is a passionate anti-communist

freedom fighter who has never forgotten his Cuban roots or the mission

of achieving true democratic freedom for Cuba.
Turning his convictions

into action, Manuel created a YouTube channel dedicated expressly to

denouncing the brutal Castro regime's human rights abuses and raising

funds to support political prisoners and their families in Cuba.
To

this day, he remains blacklisted by the regime for speaking out against

the ruthless dictatorship.
Through his efforts, he has successfully provided medicine, food, and

financial support to those still fighting for freedom, both in the

opposition and those wrongfully imprisoned under the regime's

oppressive hand.
Exemplary citizens like Manuel Milanes are the very reason I remain

hopeful for the future of our Nation and remain convinced the American

Dream is yet alive and well today.
His unrestrained willingness to risk

his life for others, his unwavering commitment to freedom, and his deep

faith make him a true patriot and a living example of the values we

cherish in this great Nation.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Manuel

Milanes Pizonero, a hero who represents the best of America.
We remain

forever grateful to him and his family for their selfless contributions

to our community and our country.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING RICHARD ``TURK'' BAIRAM FOR BEING NAMED HOOKSETT LIONS CLUB

CITIZEN OF THE YEAR

HON.
CHRIS PAPPAS

Mr. PAPPAS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Hooksett Lions Club

Citizen of the Year Richard ``Turk'' Bairam.
For over 25 years, Turk

has been dedicated to supporting Hooksett in any way he can.
He

continues to volunteer in his community to make Hooksett an amazing

place to live and raise a family.
A lifelong resident of Hooksett, Turk owned and operated his own auto

repair shop for 36 years before retiring in 2006.
A former member of

the Hooksett Police Commission, Turk currently serves as Sewer

Commissioner, Chair of the Central Hooksett Water Precinct, as a member

of the Town Recycling and Transfer Committee, and on the Zoning Board

of Appeals.
In addition to his volunteer work, he has also dedicated his life to

his family.
Turk and his wife of 62 years, Mary, have raised their

children, grandchildren, and now great grandchildren in Hooksett.
It is

because of the hard work and dedication of community leaders like Turk

that the Town of Hooksett continues to thrive.
On behalf of the constituents of New Hampshire's First Congressional

District, I congratulate Turk for being named the Hooksett Lions Club

2024 Citizen of the Year.
I wish Turk and his family all the best in

the years to come as they continue to work to make Hooksett a better

place.
From the Congressional Record Online through the Government Publishing Office [<a href='https://www.gpo.gov'>www.gpo.gov</a>]

HONORING THE LIFE OF DANNY KATZ, THE WORKERS' CHAMPION

HON.
JAMIE RASKIN

Mr. RASKIN.
Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a constituent who devoted

his extraordinary life to the fight for worker justice.
From the

restaurant workers of Washington, D.C. to the staffers who keep Capitol

Hill running, all of Daniel Katz's clients found in him a champion for

dignity, fair wages and working conditions.
On July 25, 2024, Danny's

loved ones lost a treasured husband, father, and friend and the world

lost a principled, persistent and brilliant public servant.
Danny was driven by his conviction that worker justice is the

foundation of a just society.