Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Chief of Staff, Emma Youngquist, for her work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
At the end of my term, Emma will officially depart this office to serve as the Chief of Staff at Second Harvest Heartland and I could not be more proud or grateful for her service.
Emma was born and raised in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
She graduated from St. Olaf College in Northfield, Minnesota with a Bachelor of Arts in Political Science.
She has years of government and political experience, including operational, outreach, and casework roles within 
Senator Amy Klobuchar's office.
She joined my office in January of 2019 as Director of Constituent Advocacy before serving as District Director and later Chief.
Emma has been a capable and supportive leader during a time when relentless curveballs were pitched at our Nation, our state, and our team.
Emma's quiet, contemplative decision making keeps us grounded and on track.
Emma is a comprehensive and creative problem solver.
She is the embodiment of cooler heads prevailing.
Emma makes our entire staff feel seen and supported.
She knows when to push and when to nurture, and every member of our team has grown as people and professionals under her steady leadership.
Emma has stepped up and filled big shoes on our team, building on the successes and styles of leaders who came before her while making each role uniquely her own.
Listening is Emma's superpower.
Her ability to work with distinctly different personalities and perspectives, whether among her colleagues or her constituents, is second to none.
Emma is a leader who genuinely cares about her team.
She is someone you want in your corner, she is fiercely smart, caring, and always shows up for her team no matter the circumstance.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have her dedication and leadership, and she will be dearly missed.
However, I'm extraordinarily happy that she will continue to serve the Nation and the people of Minnesota in her new capacity at Second Harvest Heartland.
I wish Emma all the best in her future endeavors and thank her for six years of faithful service to this Nation in this office--and many more to come.