Mr. GRIFFITH.
Mr. Speaker, I rise in celebration of Scruggs Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department (VFD) Captain Jane Crawford.
Captain Crawford has dedicated more than 50 years of service to one of the most active lifesaving crews in Franklin County and surrounding communities.
Jane Crawford is 85 years old and still serves as an active member of Scruggs Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department.
She has made it clear that she has no plans of stepping down anytime soon from her role as Captain--a further testament to her dedication to this team.
Captain Crawford and her husband, V.T. ``Slim'' Crawford, helped found the Scruggs VFD in 1974.
Slim served as chief of the department for 41 years until stepping down in 2014.
Slim unfortunately passed away in 2019 at the age of 77, and to this day is still recognized as a hero to the community.
Over the Scruggs VFD's many years in service, the department and its leadership have accomplished countless notable milestones--including the creation of a Rescue Division in 1981, the addition of a Dive Division in 1987, and the purchasing of a large assortment of modern vehicles and equipment, like the 2018 ladder truck and pumper.
These additions have helped shape the Scruggs VFD into the successful department it is today, and Captain Jane Crawford has played a big part since the very start.
During the early years of service, the Department averaged around 20 calls for service per year.
Since then, the number of calls has grown to average 400 calls each year, and yet the crew is still able to get each job done.
It is amazing to see the dedication of each crew member in the Department under the leadership.
She has estimated that she has trained thousands of firefighters over her many years of service as a classroom instructor in the community.
The Department truly would not be what it is today without her guidance and leadership.
To add to her resume, as a female firefighter, Captain Crawford has been a champion in a career field dominated by men.
According to the U.S. Fire Department Profile, female firefighters amount to just 9 percent of firefighters in the country.
To accomplish what Captain Crawford has is a feat in itself; adding that she has been one of the leaders of this department in a predominantly male field makes it all the more impressive.
Captain Crawford has made it known that her number one priority is the safety of Department members, as she has always led with that notion when assessing a scene.
Her devotion to the safety of her squad shows that not just professionally, but on a human level, she is someone to be admired.
It is people like Captain Jane Crawford who elevate communities from being good to great.
I am honored to have such a strong team as the Scruggs Volunteer Fire and Rescue Department serve the 9th District of Virginia, and even more honored to have witnessed Captain Crawford doing her work over the years.
She is someone to admire, someone to honor, and someone to look up to, and I want to sincerely thank her for her service.