Mr. CARTER.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the Bayou Classic, an annual football classic that honors the heritage and accomplishments of America's Historically Black Colleges and Universities, specifically between Grambling State University and Southern University and Agricultural & Mechanical College located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; and, Grambling State University, a member of the University of Louisiana System Institution, is in Grambling, Louisiana.
Southern University A&M College, a member of the Southern University System, is in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
The Bayou Classic has earned the distinction of being the No. 1 HBCU Classic in the Nation, with a storied history dating back to 1932, and has long promoted the importance of sportsmanship, musicianship, community, and traditions by representing the talents and achievements of students, staff, and alumni of Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
The Bayou Classic brings together fans and alumni of Grambling State University and Southern University and A&M College from around the globe to New Orleans, creating a vibrant celebration of football, family, traditions, and pageantry surrounding Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
The Bayou Classic's core audience primarily consists of students, alumni, military personnel, and leaders from Historically Black Colleges and Universities, with age demographics ranging from high school students, college students, university alumni, and football fanatics.
The Bayou Classic attracts participants from all over the world, but has a dedicated national audience, including but not limited to Alabama, Arkansas, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Louisiana, Mississippi, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Texas.
The Bayou Classic has consistently achieved record-breaking attendance, with projections of sustained future growth, particularly the Battle of the Bands & Greek Step Show, which draws an average attendance of 30,000 with sold out crowds for the past three years, and over 60,000-65,000 attendees for Game Day.
The 44th Annual Bayou Classic in 2017 propelled the event to be recognized as the No. 1 HBCU Classic and the most attended football game in the FCS division, further solidifying its status as the No. 1 HBCU Classic in the world since 2019.
The Bayou Classic officially celebrated 50 years of HBCU football rivalry, in which Southern University defeated Grambling State 27-22, on November 25, 2023 in the City of New Orleans at the Caesars Superdome.
The school's records are Southern 26 wins, Grambling 24 wins.
I am happy to recognize this event, held in Louisiana's Second Congressional District, and proclaim the Bayou Classic as an historic event that showcases the excellence, pride, and unity of Historically Black Colleges and Universities.
I appreciate all attendees from around the country and beyond who joined us in celebrating this momentous occasion, and to recognize the enduring legacy of the Bayou Classic, as we celebrated the 50th Anniversary.