From Hank Williams, James Brown, and Crosby Stills Nash and Young to Stevie Ray Vaughan and Albert King, these artists were the foundation of the musical talents we all enjoy today from Kenny Wayne.
At a very young age, Kenny's father brought John Lee Hooker and Muddy Waters to Shreveport to p]ay.
This was the moment that turned on the light of blues music in Kenny Wayne's life.
Kenny's father, Ken, remembers his son playing his electric guitar with headphones on listening to CDs of John Lee Hooker, B.B King and Howling Wolf.
Kenny was able to pick up by ear the unique aspects of American blues music.
Stevie Ray Vaughan asked a young Kenny Wayne if he would like to watch from the side of the stage during his concert and on that night the impact of this incredible guitar virtuoso was ingrained in a 7-year-old aspiring musician.
Chris Layton, who played drums in Stevie Ray's band, Double Trouble, later became the drummer for the Kenny Wayne Shepherd Band.
He remembers the exceptional talents of Kenny when he heard some of his earliest recordings.
Chris was deeply impressed by Kenny's determination, focus and dedication to his craft.
Kenny had the opportunity to travel with his father to many different music venues, where he played to a variety of audiences.
Many folks began to point out the remarkable talent that he displayed.
Bill Pfordresher, a record producer, told Kenny's father that they should cut a record.
Ken Shepherd had three rules for Kenny.
First, that he must finish high school before he would allow him to pursue music full time.
Ken's second rule was once music was no longer fun for Kenny he could stop at any time.
The final rule was Kenny had to be involved in every business decision that was made about his career.
They, then called in some favors from friends and recorded a record in

New Orleans which quickly took off.
Kenny now found himself as the opening act for the Eagles.
Kenny's circumstances in his career success were unique.
He and his dad were a father-son team and Kenny was not the lead singer in the early days of his band.
Kenny was able to overcome these challenges and continue on an upward path of success, while maintaining a strong relationship with his father.
Kenny Wayne became a remarkable songwriter who has honed his guitar skills around amazing songs.
His songwriting chops and collaborations are as good as it gets.
Kenny Wayne's talents were a magnet to very accomplished songwriting collaborators.
Record Executive Jeff Aldrich surrounded Kenny Wayne with a crack team of collaborators including Mark Selby, Tia Sillers and Danny Tate.
They were welcomed like family as the songs on the albums Ledbetter Heights and Trouble is . . .
were written and recorded, and helped him reach his true potential as a musician.
The emotional power of Kenny's songwriting is probably no stronger than in the song ``I Found Love.''
Kenny has been a leader in involving women in his path to success, from Tia Sillers as a leading songwriter to Kristin Forbes in leading Team Kenny Wayne Shepherd.
His co-manager for over 20 years, Kristin Forbes has played an incredibly vital role in Kenny Wayne's career.
She has known Kenny since she worked at his record company early in his career.
Kristin and Kenny's father have directed the team that has laid down the path of success.
She is a highly skilled leader and a thoughtful voice of balance for Kenny, Ken and the band.
Kenny is a trailblazer, who, along with a cadre of incredible accompanying musicians, amazing songwriters, and the perfect mix of vocals, is an icon in American music.
Kenny continues to expand his musical horizons and skills, including his own vocals.
As important as Kenny's musical talents is his complete dedication to his wife, Hannah, and his six beloved children.