The truth is, the Government are presiding over mayhem in the criminal justice system.
Only a few short months ago, Zara Aleena’s family said that Ministers had—these are their words—“blood on their hands”  after probation failures that led to her murder, so it beggars belief that we are back here once again.
The chief inspector of prisons said that conditions in Wandsworth were so bad that it should be shut down.
The Chancellor is telling anyone who will listen that he raised concerns months ago.
Probation, school buildings, and now prisons—why does the Prime Minister keep ignoring the warnings until it is too late?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman, with his background, should know better.
Because of the wide variety and considerable difference in severity of people charged under that Act, it is not, and has never been, the policy that they are all held in category A prisons.
It should not need me to point that out to him, given his experience.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about resourcing.
I am happy to tell him that, over the last few years, we have delivered an extra 4,000 new prison officers.
Staffing levels at Wandsworth in particular are up by 25% in the past six years and, because we are boosting prison pay, we are also improving retention.
At the same time, we are investing £100 million to improve prison security with new measures such as X-ray body scanners.
If he wanted to have a truly honest debate about this, perhaps he would acknowledge that prison escapes were almost 10 times higher under the Labour Government than under the Conservatives.
[Interruption.]
Order.
I did say this last week, and it will continue this week: anyone who wants to start the session by leaving, please do so.
I am happy to help you on your way.
Every week, whatever the topic, the Prime Minister paints this picture as if everything is great and fine out there.
It is so at odds with the lived experience in the real world.
Let me turn to another serious security concern.
Some in this House face sanction, intimidation and threats from the Chinese state.
When I asked the Prime Minister on Monday whether the Foreign Secretary raised the specific issue of the alleged spy arrested in March when he visited China a few weeks ago, he would only say that he raised that “type of activity”, but avoided specifics.
I ask the Prime Minister again: did the Foreign Secretary raise this specific case when he visited China—yes or no?
I refer the right hon.
and learned Gentleman to my previous answer, where I said clearly that the Foreign Secretary raised these issues with the Chinese Foreign Minister, whom he met, as did I when I had my meeting with Premier Li over the weekend.
When it comes to China, the Government have put in place the most robust policy that has ever existed in our country’s foreign policy.
It is to protect our country and the values and interests we stand up for; it is to align our approach with our closest allies, including those in the G7 and Five Eyes; and it is to engage—where it makes sense—either to advance our interests or, as I did at the weekend, to raise our very significant concerns.
That is the right approach to China.
It is one that is welcomed by each and every one of our allies.
I would be interested to know what he thinks he would do differently.
That certainly was not a yes.
What the Prime Minister says now is totally at odds with the Intelligence and Security Committee of Parliament report of July.
That set out that the Government have no clear strategy when it comes to China, have failed to support the intelligence agencies, and are leaving the UK “severely handicapped” in managing our future security.
This has been raised time and again but, yet again, the Prime Minister fails to heed the warnings and is now desperately playing catch-up.
Will he finally commit to the full audit of UK-China relations that so many in this House have so long demanded?
As always, the Leader of the Opposition is just playing catch-up, but he has not caught up with the reality of what is actually happening.
He talks about the ISC report.
If he actually went through it, he would realise that it related to a period of investigations in 2019 and 2020.
Since then, we have launched a whole new integrated review refresh of our China strategy, which is published.
We have put in place a range of new measures, including the National Security Protective Authority, which is staffed out of MI5 and supports businesses and organisations to be alert to the risks from cyber and from China.
If the right hon.
and learned Gentleman wants to talk about foreign policy, he should perhaps reflect on his own record.
This is the man who said he was 100% behind the former Labour leader—a person who wanted to abolish the Army, scrap Trident and withdraw from NATO.
It is clear what he did: he put his own political interests ahead of Britain’s.
Probation, prisons, schools, China—yet again, inaction man fails to heed the warnings and then blames everyone else for the consequences.
On Sunday, the Home Secretary celebrated her first anniversary in post—that is, if we overlook the six days she missed when she was deemed a national security risk.
In that year, 40,000 people have crossed the channel on a small boat, and the taxpayer is now spending £6 million a day on hotel bills.
The Prime Minister is failing to stop terrorists strolling out of prison, failing to guard Britain against hostile actors, and he is completely failing to stop the boats.
How can anyone trust him to protect the country?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about trust and about action, but just today, this Government are taking action to reform defective EU laws to unlock over 100,000 homes, boosting our economy, supporting jobs and ensuring that we can realise the aspirations of homeowners.
He talks about trust; he tried in this House to talk the talk on house building, but at the first sign of a cheap political hit, what did he do?
He caved in.
Rather than make the right long-term decisions for the country, he has taken the easy way out.
It is typical of the principle-free, conviction-free type of leadership that he offers, flip-flopping from being a builder to a blocker.
The British public cannot trust a word he says.
Every week the Prime Minister comes here, protesting that nothing is his fault and trying to convince anyone who is still listening that everything is great.
The truth is that the floor fell in for millions of families because of the Government’s economic mayhem;  the classroom ceilings collapsed because he cut vital school budgets; and now the walls of our national security have been breached because they have ignored repeated warnings.
No one voted for this shambles.
No one voted for him.
How much more damage do the British public have to put up with before he finally finds the stomach to give them a say?
We are getting on for the British public.
Just in the last week we have announced a new landmark deal for British scientists and attracted £600 million of new investment for our world-leading auto industry, and wages are now rising at the fastest rate on record.
And where has the right hon.
and learned Gentleman been this week?
Locked away with Labour’s union paymasters, promising to give them more power and to scrap the laws that protect British families and their access to public services.
It is clear that it is only the Conservatives who are on the side of the hard-working British public.
Last week, with Yorkshire colleagues, I met our local integrated care board to discuss plans for improving dentistry provision.
When surgeries suddenly close to NHS patients without notice, as one in Harrogate did very recently, an immediate strain is put on local provision.
Will the Prime Minister look at what can be done in those circumstances to ensure no one is left without access to an NHS dentist?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that, and we will look into the issue.
He will be reassured to know that we are investing £3 billion a year in dentistry.
There is no geographical restriction on which dental practice a patient may attend and practices should keep all their records up to date, including whether they are accepting new patients.
Typically, where a practice ends a contract, NHS England and ICBs should work together to ensure that funding is reallocated and patients continue to have access to NHS dental care.