As someone who spends more money heating their swimming pool than the total value of the UK state pension, the Prime Minister—I think it is safe to say—might not be as invested in this topic as some others, but let us afford him the opportunity to clear up any confusion.
Will he commit his party, the Conservative party, to maintaining the state pension triple lock beyond the next general election—yes or no?
This is the party that introduced the triple lock.
This is the party that has delivered a £3,000 increase in the state pension since 2010.
It is also the party that has ensured that there are 200,000 fewer pensioners living in poverty today and that this winter pensioners will get an extra £300 alongside their winter fuel payment to support them through the challenging times with inflation.
Our track record is clear.
There is one party in this House that has always stood up for our pensioners and that is the Conservative party.
I do not think we heard a
yes there, Mr Speaker.
You will imagine my shock—my utter surprise—that we appear to have consensus once again  between the Conservative party and the Labour party on this most important of issues, despite the promises that were made to the people of Scotland in 2014 and despite clear statements from the likes of Gordon Brown that the only way to protect pensions was to remain within the UK.
How hollow those words are now.
Who does the Prime Minister think will scrap the state pension triple lock first, his Government or the Labour party’s Government?
Thanks to the actions of this Government, pensioners in Scotland are receiving record increases in their state pension—£870 this year—and extra support with the cost of living this winter.
This is the Government who introduced and remain committed to the triple lock, but the hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
Pensioners in Scotland should know that the reason they can rely on the state pension, not just today but for years to come, is the strength of our Union and the strength of our United Kingdom Government.
Beautiful Eastbourne is perhaps best known as a top visitor destination, but there is important work being done to put us on the digital map.
DigiFest, the first local event of its kind, is coming to the Welcome Building next week.
It will showcase some pretty stellar local tech talent and open doors of opportunity, with an ambition to create 10,000 local jobs in this sector.
Will the Prime Minister applaud event organisers Chalk Eastbourne and Switchplane, and lay out what the Government are doing to ensure Great Britain—and Eastbourne—is one of the best places in the world to be involved in this continually groundbreaking sector?
The Government have a mission to make the UK the most innovative economy in the world and the growth of our tech industry is one of the key ways we will achieve that.
I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in thanking and paying tribute to Chalk Eastbourne for its terrific organisation of DigiFest.
This is a great example of how, in local areas, we can bring together people to create jobs and opportunity, and ultimately drive the growth that our country wants to see.
Last year, after being referred by their GP, 22,000 people waited more than four months to start urgent treatment for cancer—a terrible wait that is twice as long as the Government’s maximum 62-day pledge; a cancer target they have not met once since 2015.
We all have loved ones whose lives have been turned upside down by cancer and we all know that every day counts.
Waiting reduces the chances of survival.
Will the Prime Minister tell people waiting anxiously to start their cancer treatment when this cancer target will be met?
It is absolutely right that we do everything we can to speed up cancer diagnosis.
The pandemic has had a significant impact on cancer recovery: as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, before the pandemic there were about 200,000 cancer referrals a month, but during the pandemic the figure dropped to about 80,000, and now, as those referrals come through,   that is having an impact.
However, we are ensuring that there are hundreds more oncologists and radiologists working this year than last year, and rolling out more than 160 community diagnostic centres.
As the right hon.
Gentleman says, early diagnosis is key, which is why, although there is work to do, cancer treatment today is at record levels.
We are making progress, and the 62-day backlog is now falling.
Recently the NHS wrote to all trusts, streamlining our targets, clinically advised, and now all the focus is on meeting them as quickly as possible.
In 2017, the Bolton police station custody suite was closed by the police and crime commissioner and the then chief constable, because they had given up on arresting criminals.
The new chief constable is delivering on the people’s priorities, so that emergency calls are answered promptly, crimes are investigated and arrests are made, which means that the newly reopened custody suite is always full.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking Greater Manchester police?
Does he think that that approach ought to catch on throughout the country?
I am delighted with the improvements that have been made by Greater Manchester police; the Home Secretary met the chief constable recently.
They have made significant improvements in, for example, answering 999 calls, and have seen almost a 50% year on year increase in the number of charges recorded.
I very much welcome the force’s focus on getting the basics on crime and antisocial behaviour right.
It is a model for police forces across the country.