The Secretary of State will know of the concerns from her own mailbag, as I certainly do from mine.
My constituents are in touch with me week in, week out with concerns about the River Lune or the beach at Fleetwood.
My constituents and I would like to know what steps the Secretary of State will take to ensure that when water companies break the law they will be punished and brought to justice, and will not do it again?
I am conscious of the breakdown near Fleetwood earlier this year.
To give some credit to United Utilities, it worked at pace to try to fix the mechanical failure that had happened.
We now have legislation that allows the Environment Agency to apply unlimited penalties.
She will be aware that a live criminal investigation by the Environment Agency is under way  against water companies.
It will then be for the courts to decide the scale of the fines.
We will continue to ensure that penalties are applied and clearer instructions are given.
We have had discussions with the Environment Agency.
We need to get the problem fixed, but water companies should not try to do this on the cheap, and think that it is cheaper just to pay a penalty than actually sort out the problem.
I sat on the Bill Committee for the Environment Act 2021, which created the OEP.
I also sit on the Environmental Audit Committee, which interviewed the now chair of the OEP.
It was Government Members who introduced the OEP, enabling her to do this work to find out the scale of the problem.
When the report refers to the Government, it is not being party political; it is referring to all Governments for the past 20 years or more.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we need to keep looking at these reports, ripping off the plaster that we have started to rip off, and holding to the fire the feet of all the polluters that caused these problems in the first place?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
When we left the European Union, we recognised the need to have suitable scrutiny, which is what is in place.
Clearly the OEP has not come to a conclusion about breaking the law.
That is why it has asked for more information.
That is its right and entitlement.
That is what we legislated to allow it to do, and we will continue to comply with that.
Meanwhile, it will not distract us from getting on with our plan for water and holding water companies to account.
Water companies have dumped sewage more than 1 million times over the past three years.
Now we find out that instead of standing up to the water companies, the Government seem to have been complicit in letting them break the law.
Beyond the Government’s own failures, has this sewage crisis not been driven by under-investment, while £72 billion was handed out to shareholders since privatisation?
Is it not time to put an end to this racket and restore water as a proper public service?
I understand that the hon.
Member comes from the very left wing of the Labour party, and that that will continue to be his mantra.
I understand, however, that it is not the position of his party to nationalise water, because it recognises that about £190 billion-worth of investment has gone into water infrastructure since privatisation.
Clearly the scale of what needs to be done in the next few years is considerably greater than we have seen before.
At the same time, back in 2006 we had one of the biggest dividends going, and the gearing of Thames Water was changed.
Frankly, the Labour Government then did not do anything about it.
That is key to one of the situations that we face at the moment, but meanwhile we will continue to get on.
I am confident that with the Thames tideway tunnel opening next year we will have good sewage channelling and will be able to deal with that in London.
The work continues, including things such as nature-based management practices, in order to help in Yorkshire as well.
I know that his water company is looking into that too.
19 July  last year was the hottest day on record in the UK.
Temperatures exceeded 40°C in some places during a dry spell, yet water companies that responded to a BBC investigation admitted to so-called “dry spills” of sewage that day.
The Environment Secretary was reported as saying that it “does seem extraordinary”, but that the Environment Agency “is the regulator”.
Given that it was the hottest day, when people were inadvertently bathing in sewage, why does the Environment Secretary wash her hands of it?
I am conscious of the investigation that the BBC undertook.
The Environment Agency and the Department do not agree with its assessment of the data.
That does not mean, of course, that there have not been sewage spills on dry days.
That is why it is part of the investigation.
It is part of fixing the problem, and we will continue to do that.