I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his continued, energetic and relentless campaigning for his constituency and the fishing sector.
This Government are committed to working with other Government Departments and the Scottish Government on our shared ambition to protect the marine environment and ensure  that the increasing spatial squeeze on our sea is managed effectively.
However, we also note the legitimate concerns of the fishing industry and continue to engage with stakeholders, other UK Government Departments and the Scottish Government through the Scottish Seafood Industry Action Group.
I understand that the Energy Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , is due to meet my hon.
Friend shortly.
Fishermen from Portavogie, Ardglass and Kilkeel work hand in hand with fishermen from Scotland, so whatever benefits the Minister can bring to Scottish fishermen will benefit the fishermen and fisherwomen of Northern Ireland.
Have any discussions taken place of how Scotland and Northern Ireland can work better together, including here at Westminster?
I am happy to work with all colleagues across the United Kingdom to advance the fishing industry, and I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss how we do that together.
What discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on the devolution of drugs policy to Scotland.
What discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on the devolution of drugs policy to Scotland.
Illicit drugs destroy lives and devastate communities.
The United Kingdom Government’s 10-year drug strategy sets out ambitious plans, backed by a record £3 billion over three years, to tackle the supply of illicit drugs and build a world-class system of treatment and recovery.
This is a UK-wide strategy, and there are no plans to devolve drugs policy to the Scottish Government.
The Lord Advocate has announced that she is not going to prosecute drug users for simple possession offences committed within a pilot safer drugs consumption facility.
Both the Home Affairs Committee of this House and the Scottish Affairs Committee have recommended that the UK Government support such a pilot in Glasgow by creating a legislative pathway under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 that would enable such a facility to operate, or by devolving the power to the Scottish Government.
Both cross-party Committees of this House are very clear that the evidence shows that those measures could be lifesaving, so when will the Secretary of State act to save lives in Scotland by persuading his Government to drop their intransigence on this issue?
It was disappointing that the Scottish Government were not prepared to work with the UK Government on Project ADDER.
That offer was made with supporting funding.
The E in ADDER is for “enforcement”.
I believe the police and the Procurator Fiscal Service should be enforcing the laws in Scotland, not decriminalising drugs, because enforcement helps to drive people to health solutions.