This Government are committed to the triple lock; it was this Government who introduced the triple lock.
The hon.
Lady might want to have a word with her own deputy leader, who did not provide much clarity on the matter.
What we all remember, when it came to pensions, is Gordon Brown’s 75p a week increase.
Week in week out, as I meet businesses in my constituency, I hear about how artificial intelligence is transforming the way we work in sectors such as life sciences, automotives and financial services.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that artificial intelligence will transform the way in which humanity will live in the 21st century?
Through his upcoming global AI summit, will he ensure that appropriate guardrails are put in place to protect society as we become world leaders in this technology?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the incredible power of AI to transform not just businesses and our productivity, but public services   such as health and education.
However, we do need guardrails to allow us to make the most of the opportunities of AI, and to address risks.
We have a responsible, proportionate regulatory approach that balances risk with innovation, and I look forward to working with international partners at our upcoming AI safety summit on how we do that at a global level.
Luton airport is trying to expand its capacity massively, from 18 million passengers per year to a whopping 32 million.
That will blight the lives of thousands of residents across Hertfordshire and Bedfordshire—especially those in north St Albans, who live under the flightpaths—but it will also fly in the face of advice from the Government’s own climate advisers.
It has been reported that the Prime Minister is getting ready to ignore his climate advisers.
Is that true?
No; but I would say that my approach to reaching net zero is not one that requires people to give up doing the things that they want to do and enjoy, such as flying.
The right thing to be doing is as we are doing: investing in and funding new technologies, such as sustainable aviation fuel, because that is how we will decarbonise aviation during the transition to net zero, rather than forcing people to give everything up.
When the Prime Minster was Chancellor of the Exchequer, he put the full might of the Treasury behind the 10-year drug strategy, which, with its Adder Project, is now turning lives around across England and Wales.
A key part of that strategy was developing a new approach to possession.
He will know from his own constituency that in towns such as Andover in mine, possession is a huge concern, particularly to the parents of young people who spend time in the town centre.
The Home Office issued a White Paper on this over a year ago, and the consultation closed in October last year.
Will the Prime Minister commit in the forthcoming King’s Speech to legislation that will deal finally with this pernicious problem?