What recent discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues on supporting the development of carbon capture, utilisation and storage in Scotland.
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage will be essential to meeting the UK’s 2050 net zero target, playing a vital role in levelling up the economy, supporting the low-carbon economic transformation of our industrial regions and creating new high-value jobs across the United Kingdom.
In Scotland, the Acorn cluster has been allocated more than £40 million in development funding by the Government and has been selected, subject to final due diligence, for track 2 CCUS cluster sequencing.
According to Office for Budget Responsibility and UK Government projections, the UK will see between £50 billion and £80 billion in revenue from North sea oil and gas over the next five years.
While it is welcome that the Acorn project can now bid for funding, it is important to know that not a penny has been committed.
Can the Minister tell me what discussions the Secretary of State has had with  Government colleagues to secure at minimum a share of those revenues—say £1 billion over five years—to rapidly accelerate Scotland’s carbon capture industry?
If not, does that mean he is content to see Scotland’s people stripped of their vast natural resources without a single penny of that £80 billion being invested in Scotland’s carbon capture ambitions?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman actually listened to my first answer, but more than £40 million has been allocated by the United Kingdom Government to the development of this technology.
The Government will commence engagement and assessment of delivery plans and due diligence on the Acorn and Viking transportation and storage systems and will engage with them directly in respect of the next steps to develop those.
We will set out the process by which capture products in track 2 will be selected to meet the stated ambitions in due course.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help support the Scottish economy.
When it comes to growth, the hon.
Lady will have noted that the economic data shows that we have recovered better from the pandemic than France, Italy or Germany.
Supporting economic growth in Scotland remains a core priority of the Scotland Office, exemplified through our work in investing in the city and regional growth deals and in delivering freeports and investment zones in Scotland, which has brought tens of millions of pounds in investment and has created highly paid jobs.
There is huge potential for offshore wind in Scotland and it is an important part of the transition to a green economy there.
What conversations will the Minister be having with the offshore wind sector following the absolutely disastrous contracts for difference round last week?
I personally engage with all sectors of the energy market, including the offshore wind sector.
We are very pleased with the announcements that have been made following the announcements last week and will continue to engage with the sector to see it develop across Scotland and other parts of the United Kingdom.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
I join the Secretary of State in saying how gutted we are about the football result last night—but mark my words, we will be seeking revenge in Germany at the European championships next year.
I take this opportunity to thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist) , who was in the shadow Scotland team but has moved on to do new things after the reshuffle, and to welcome to the Scotland team my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keir Hardie’s old seat, Merthyr Tydfil and Rhymney (Gerald Jones) .
He is very welcome.
Last week, it was revealed that the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , had secured a book deal.
Her book is titled “Ten Years to Save the West”, but it might have been better focusing on the 44 days it took her and her Government, with the support of the Scottish Secretary, to crush the economy.
Does the Minister accept that Scots will be paying the price for years to come for the Tories’ kamikaze handling of the economy?
As the hon.
Gentleman well knows, the economic challenges we face here in the United Kingdom are no different from those faced by other economies around the world.
They have been entirely caused by the illegal war in Ukraine and the covid pandemic.
Thankfully, due to the decisive action of this Conservative Government and Prime Minister, the evidence suggests that the UK is recovering from the economic shock far better than France, Italy and Germany.
Ukraine and covid did not crash the economy; this Government did.
The truth is that, after 13 years, we have a low-wage, low-growth economy.
Let me take the example of residents in a random Scottish constituency, Rutherglen and Hamilton West.
Behind every door we knock on, the story is the same: the cost of living.
Those voters are paying the price for two bad Governments: the UK Government, who crashed the economy and are asking working people to pay for it, and the Scottish Government, who mismanaged the economy and are also asking working people to pay for it.
There is a Tory premium on everyone’s mortgages and rents, alongside the highest tax burden on working people in 80 years, and the SNP wants to increase income taxes further and is proposing eye-watering council tax rates for those residents.
Do the people of Rutherglen and Hamilton West not deserve a fresh start with Scottish Labour’s Michael Shanks?
It was not so long ago that Scottish Labour was calling for even higher taxes on the people of Scotland.
When Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar stood for the leadership, he said: “I actually think our tax policies will be even more progressive and radical than even John McDonnell’s or Jeremy Corbyn’s tax policies or manifesto”.
Mr Sarwar has now U-turned, of course, but maybe the hon.
Gentleman can explain how much Scottish Labour secretly wants to put up taxes in Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK’s departure from the EU on Scotland.
The UK Government are focused on opening new international export markets for Scottish businesses.
We have trade agreements with 71 non-EU countries and the EU, and those agreements will support growth, jobs and higher wages.
The hon.
Gentleman will have noted the recently revised numbers, which show that we have recovered better from the pandemic than France, Italy or Germany.
Since 2010, the United Kingdom has achieved the third highest rate of growth in the G7—faster than Italy, France, Japan and Germany.
We had a really good trading relationship with the European Union—it was called membership—and 78% of people in Glasgow North, and 62% of people across Scotland, voted to retain it.
If Brexit is really delivering the successes that the Secretary of State says it is, why does he think the polls show that those figures would be even higher if the people of Scotland had the choice again?
The recent trading numbers show that we are now doing more trade with the EU in goods and services than we did when we were members.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we are developing a much better relationship with our former colleagues in the EU, including through agreements such as the Windsor framework, and our accession to the North sea group of countries that co-operate on energy and, more recently, to Horizon and other European programmes?
That shows that we are on the right footing to have a good future relationship post Brexit.
Yes.
On Horizon, we were patient and did the right deal.
It showed the future for British scientists, as well as how important British scientists were to Horizon and how much the EU wanted them to be part of it.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right: we have a better relationship, and one that does not cost £22 billion a year.
Whether he has held recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on increasing co-operation between NHS England and NHS Scotland.
The United Kingdom Government support collaboration between all our nations to share best practice, improve transparency and provide better accountability for patients.
Ministerial colleagues at the Department of Health and Social Care have written to the Scottish Government inviting them for talks on how we can work together to tackle long-term waiting lists in all parts of the United Kingdom.
If someone is sick and their life is in danger, is it not the case that the border between Scotland and England should not get in the way of the best possible health outcome?
The hon.
Member makes an extremely important point—that is something about which I am acutely aware as a Borders MP.
Indeed, I have a constituent who lives in Foulden who has been told that they will need to wait over three years to have their cataracts seen to in Scotland.
Meanwhile, their neighbours, who are registered with a GP in England, are being treated by NHS England within six months.
My constituent simply does not understand that discrepancy.
The SNP Government in Edinburgh should be doing much more to drive down NHS waiting lists and engage with colleagues in Westminster to ensure that all people across these islands get the best possible NHS services.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of the levels of Government spending in Scotland to deliver public services.
The United Kingdom Government are providing a record settlement of £41 billion per year—the largest since devolution.
In fact, the UK Government are providing the Scottish Government with over 20% more funding per person than the equivalent UK Government spending in England.
With the generous fiscal framework agreement, the Scottish Government have the certainty and flexibility to manage their budget and deliver high-quality public services across Scotland.
The recent programme for government launched by the Scottish First Minister only revealed a tired Government too distracted by internal squabbling to achieve anything for the people of Scotland.
Does the Minister agree that the Scottish people deserve a change of Government in Scotland and Westminster, with a Labour Government focused on tackling the cost of living and improving living standards for the whole of the UK?
The SNP’s programme for government was a complete and utter missed opportunity: rather than focusing on Scotland’s NHS and schools, and our economy and transport links, the SNP is too busy planning independence rallies.
Scotland does need change, and I am confident that, in the next general election, we will see that change in the election of even more Scottish Conservative and Unionist MPs.
What recent discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues on supporting the seafood sector in Scotland.
The Government are committed to supporting our seafood sector, which is the lifeblood of some of the most remote and fragile communities in Scotland.
This past Monday, I met with ministerial colleagues in the Home Office to discuss in more detail the comprehensive package of support measures this Government have offered to the sector to ease access to labour challenges.