May I just say thank you to Sir John Benger, in his final Prime Minister’s questions, for his loyal service to the House?
We do appreciate it.
Thank you, Sir John.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State if she will make a statement on combined sewer overflows.
With the usual courtesies, I welcome  the hon.
Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed)  to his place.
I restate that I have always been clear that the current volume of sewage discharged by water companies is totally unacceptable, and they must act urgently to improve their performance so that they meet Government and public expectations.
I confirm that the Department, the Environment Agency and Ofwat have received the information notices and will, of course, comply with their requests.
We do not agree with the Office for Environmental Protection’s assessment of our compliance with the law, and the House should note that the OEP itself has said: “We recognise that a great deal is already being done to tackle the issue of untreated sewage discharges, and we welcome the intent of Government measures such as the Plan for Water and storm overflow targets, as well as commitments to increase investment.”
The public are rightly disgusted by sewage discharges from storm overflows, and so are the Government, which is why we have taken more action than any other Government on the issue.
I remind hon.
Members that the European Commission took the Labour Government to court in 2009 for breaches of the law.
Subsequently, we have started the construction of the Thames tideway tunnel, which is due to be completed next year.
It is taking a decade to construct.
However, a decade ago, the Conservative-led Government took action and started requiring the monitoring of storm overflows.
That work will be completed by the end of this year.
It is owing to that that the scale of the problem has been unveiled.
I note that in Wales, which is run by a Labour Government, discharge occurrences are much higher—38 times a year for outflows versus 23 in England.
The Environment Act 2021 included new powers and responsibilities, which increased understanding.
Last year, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs published the storm overflows discharge reduction plan.
That led to some of the action that we are taking.
We have been repeatedly clear that water companies’ reliance on overflows is unacceptable.
They must significantly reduce how much sewage they discharge as a priority.
We are holding them to account, and that is also true of our regulators.
I remind the House that active investigations, including an active criminal investigation, of water companies are under way.
We welcome the opportunity to set out the scale of the action that the Government are taking.
No Government in history have done more to tackle the issue.
Last year, we launched the storm overflows discharge reduction plan.
Our strict targets will lead to the toughest ever crackdown on sewage spills, and we require water companies to deliver the largest ever infrastructure programme in water company history.
I am therefore happy to answer today’s urgent question, but I say, yet again, that the Conservative Government are cleaning up the mess left by a Labour Government, and we will get on with the job.
Nothing more graphically illustrates 13 years of failed Tory government than the tide of raw sewage swilling down our rivers, into our lakes and washing up on our beaches.
The Conservatives cut the Environment Agency’s budget in half.
That led to drastic cuts in monitoring, enforcement and prosecution, which led to a drastic increase in illegal discharges, trashing nature, damaging tourism and putting kids’ health at risk.
This Government are up to their necks in a sewage crisis of their own making.
And now, in an absolutely unprecedented move, the Office for Environmental Protection tells us that the Government may have broken the law themselves in allowing all of this.
It identifies possible failures to comply with environmental law by the Secretary of State’s own Department, the Environment Agency and Ofwat.
This Government have broken the entire regulatory system.
They enabled this scandal, but did we hear a word of apology just now?
No, we did not.
There was only complacency.
Labour wants severe and automatic fines for every illegal discharge to pay for a tougher regulation and enforcement regime.
Why will the Government not do that?
We want mandatory monitoring of every outlet so that the public know where the discharges are happening.
Why will the Government not agree to that?
Can the Secretary of State tell us which Ministers signed off what the OEP calls “a misinterpretation of the law” to allow more frequent sewage discharges without risk of sanction?
That is a Government-sanctioned green light to pollute.
Was it her?
What action will she now take to put an end to this appalling situation, bring the water companies to heel and clean up our waterways?
Will she publish the correspondence between the OEP and her Department if she has nothing to hide?
Finally, if the Secretary of State’s Department is found to have broken the law, will she do the right thing and resign?
The Prime Minister would not tolerate raw sewage in his private swimming pool, so why is he happy to treat the British countryside as an open sewer?
The risk for the hon.
Gentleman is that he has already soiled his own reputation by failing to acknowledge that the investigation that led to that court case, which is referred to in the information notice, took place under a Labour Government.
On Sky last night, I believe it was a former Labour Minister from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs who basically said that he knew sewage discharges were happening, and what did the Labour Government do about it?
They did not do anything.
In 2006, they set out a consultation basically allowing self-monitoring by the water companies.
Frankly, the Labour Government did sweet FA and we are cleaning it up now.
Let us have a look at the timescale that has been mentioned for the situation that led to the ruling by  the Court of Justice of the European Union.
Things have not been done in Wales, where there is a Labour  Government, so there is no change in policy there.
Meanwhile, the Conservative Government have got on with imposing unlimited penalties on water companies.
That is why so many powers were put into the Environment Act 2023, and regulators are now using them.
There was hardly any monitoring in 2010, thanks to Labour—the Scottish National party does not have a leg to stand on either—and it was the Conservatives who got the monitoring going.
Where Labour has weakened monitoring, we have increased it.
On the assertions that the hon.
Gentleman made about budgets, he should be aware that the purpose of the permits, and of the fees that go with the permits, is to pay for those regular inspections.
Government funding, which we increased last year, is used when enforcement action needs to be taken, and that includes taking companies to court.
That is why there is an active criminal investigation under way now.
Frankly, it was the Conservatives who got the monitoring going and unveiled the scale of this, while the Labour Government looked the other way.
I have no confidence in the plans that Labour has put forward.
We are already getting on with many of the actions that it talks about, and that is why we will sort out the mess that the Labour Government left behind.
Can we be more moderate in the language that we use?
I do not think that it has been appropriate, and hopefully we will hear no more of it.