I am conscious that the hon.
Gentleman is a Member for a Northern Ireland constituency.
The OEP’s remit extends to Northern Ireland, although not to the Welsh Labour Government or the Scottish SNP Government.
Investigations can be undertaken—that is what we legislate for in this House—and unlimited penalties can be applied.
That is true in England.
We will continue to make sure that we do what we can not only to reduce these challenges, but to fix the long-term issues.
We know that in London, for example, the Thames tideway tunnel has taken a decade—that is the scale of the issue.
The fact that we know about the scale of the issue right now is due to the Conservative Government having taken action, while the Labour Government looked the other way.
The last time I asked about the dumping of sewage in our rivers in this Chamber, the Prime Minister agreed with me that it is absolutely unacceptable.
However, the OEP’s investigation is a scandalous revelation that shows the entire water and regulatory system is broken.
What does the Secretary of State think should happen to companies, regulatory bodies and Government Departments that knowingly break the law?
We set up the OEP and it has the powers, thanks to this Conservative Government, to get on with the role as it sees fit.
It is doing so—it has started the investigation and asked for more information, and we will comply with that.
I say to the hon.
Lady, as I said at the start of my response to the urgent question, that this is completely unacceptable by the water companies.
That is why we are taking action and getting on with the job.
We do not need lessons from Labour, who looked away and did nothing.
They are the people who were taken to court by the European Commission for failure, failure, failure—thanks to Labour.
On a point of order, Mr Deputy Speaker.
I know that the Secretary of State is under great pressure today—she seems to be out of her depth in quite shallow water—but she misquoted me.
In a question I asked a few moments ago, I said a “senior executive of Yorkshire Water”; I did not say “the chief executive of Yorkshire Water”.
That is on the record and Hansard will show it.
I want an apology from the Secretary of State.
That stands on the record.
[Interruption.]
Secretary of State, do you wish to respond?
Further to that point of order, Mr Deputy Speaker.
I thought that the hon.
Gentleman said “the chief executive”.
I hear now that he said a “senior executive”.
But the point still stands: provide the quotation, provide the source, and I will take it up with that executive and the chief executive of Yorkshire Water, because, frankly, that is not acceptable.
Thank you very much, Secretary of State, for responding to the urgent question.
We will now move on.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No. 23 )
I beg to move, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for a national register of asbestos present in non-domestic premises and of the condition of that asbestos; and for connected purposes.
May I begin by thanking Mesothelioma UK for all the fantastic work it does to support those living with the asbestos-related cancer?
As well as providing access to mesothelioma clinical nurse specialists across the UK, that charity offers a range of support services and dedicated research to help patients live better and longer lives.
I found its work invaluable a few years ago in this place, when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chatham and Aylesford (Tracey Crouch)  and I were trying to get the Government into the sensible and correct place on the issue of compensation.
I represent an area with many former steelworkers, power station workers, dockers and a few miners, so respiratory industrial disease is an issue that I know well, including from my close family.
Increasingly, the disease is not restricted to roles that involved directly installing material with asbestos; it also affects those who work in buildings with asbestos, such as teachers.
Indeed, teachers are more likely to die from mesothelioma than the general public—sadly, I have heard examples of that from my constituents.
A 2019 Government survey found that 80.9% of participating schools had asbestos on their estate, and although most had a plan for dealing with it, that figure speaks for itself.