In the last few hours I have been contacted by the headteacher of St James’s Church of England Primary School in Blackburn, who is desperately seeking help after a reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete survey conducted on  7 September  was inconclusive.
The urgent intrusive inspection that was supposed to follow has not been arranged by the Department for Education.
The potentially affected part of the building has been closed off, with children crammed into the dining room and learning at the tables.
Staff are unable to access facilities and the whole  school is hugely inconvenienced.
The headteacher has been unable to meet the Department for Education, so can I implore the Prime Minister to get the Secretary of State for Education to investigate this urgently?
Of course I am sorry for the disruption at schools as we work hard to identify those affected, but the DFE is fully funding the inspection process, ensuring that we are now rapidly inspecting and surveying all potentially affected schools and paying for that work.
Also, with the increase of up to 80 dedicated caseworkers, St James’s Primary School, like others, should have a dedicated point of contact to work through those issues.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State and the Department are in touch with the school and the hon.
Member for an update.
Personally, I know the stark impact of dementia and the effect that it has on the families of our 1 million citizens who live with it.
It was my honour last week to sponsor Alzheimer’s Research UK to highlight the recent progress on a new diagnostic test and new drugs that could be available as early as next January.
I welcome the inclusion of dementia in the Government’s major conditions strategy, but will my right hon.
Friend ask his Secretary of State to convene a dementia medicines taskforce so that we can take advantage of this progress in research?
Will he consider Alzheimer’s Research UK’s request for a dementia champion?
I start by thanking my hon.
Friend for his work in this important area.
Regulators are working closely with industry to evaluate new dementia medicines, because of course we want patients to benefit from rapid access to safe and effective treatments.
We are also strongly committed to funding dementia research, including doubling the amount allocated to £160 million a year by next year, and last year we launched the Dame Barbara Windsor dementia mission, backed up with new funding, which will work with industry to develop biomarkers and data and digital science innovations and to strengthen our trials in dementia.
I look forward to hearing more suggestions from my hon.
Friend  on that.
In the 1990s, under the Conservative Government, people were dying because of the length of time they were on NHS waiting lists.
In 2023, we are seeing an increasing number of people dying while they are on NHS waiting lists before getting treatment.
Is the Prime Minister ashamed that people are dying needlessly on his watch?
Of course, the number on waiting lists has been impacted significantly by the pandemic, but that is why we have put record funding in place to help to address that, including innovations such as surgical hubs, same-day emergency care, virtual wards and such like.
I would gently point out to the hon.
Gentleman that, in England, part of the reason that waiting lists are not coming down as fast we would like is the strike action by doctors—something that is supported by him and his colleagues, who have stood on the picket lines ensuring that patients cannot get access to care.
It is also him and his party who are saying that they will   repeal the laws we have put in place that will guarantee patients safe access to medical treatment in the event of industrial action.
If he wants to make this issue emotional, he should tell people why he believes that patients should be deprived of access to lifesaving care because of industrial action.
What recent assessment he has made of the economic outlook for the west midlands.
We regularly engage with local partners across the west midlands to gather insight and intelligence on the economy.
Earlier this year we initiated the trailblazer devolution deal, which includes measures to help businesses thrive.
I see that, just the other week, the Mayor launched Business Growth West Midlands, backed with £100 million in funding for business support.