The Prime Minister was asked— If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 13 September.
I start by paying tribute to the Clerk of the House, Sir John Benger, and thank him for his many years of distinguished service.
[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”
]
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I will have further such meetings later today.
The wealth of billionaires has skyrocketed over the past decade, while average working households in the UK have the lowest living standards since the 1950s.
While hard-working families are struggling to make ends meet, the wealthy are playing by a different set of rules, with reports that even Members of the House of Lords are trying to exploit the non-dom status loophole to avoid paying their fair share.
Does the Prime Minister agree that whether it is the wife of the most powerful man in the country or the host of “The Apprentice”, no billionaire should qualify for special tax treatment while my constituents face soaring levels of inequality and poverty?
The facts tell a very different story from what the hon.
Gentleman said.
He mentioned inequality; inequality today is lower than it was in 2010.
He mentioned the number of people in poverty.
Again, I am pleased to say that 1.7 million fewer people are in poverty today than in 2010, including many in Scotland.
Of course we understand that things are challenging right now with the cost of living.
That is why we have put in place record support to help families, particularly with their energy bills and particularly for the most vulnerable in our society, with record amounts of cost of living payments going to millions across the country, including in Scotland, showing the power of the United Kingdom Government.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, we have the opportunity to be the first country in the world to end new cases of HIV by 2030.
That is partially down to our world-leading opt-out HIV testing programme that has been rolled out in very high prevalence areas.
To reach this goal and to make this progress, we must roll out opt-out testing to other high prevalence areas, such as the west midlands, including my constituency of West Bromwich East.
Will the Prime Minister commit to meeting me and the incredible Terrence Higgins Trust to hear more about the merits of opt-out testing?