The Secretary of State knows Gill Rider from history—the chair of Pennon Group, which owns South West Water.
I have heard what the Secretary of State has said, but surely the time has come to get these companies and their leadership under control.
South West Water is a disgrace.
It is leaking.
It is treating its customers with utter contempt.
Secretary of State, please sit on these companies and make them do the job that they are meant to, which is to stop this now.
Unlimited penalties are available to the Environment Agency and there is already a criminal investigation under way.
I know my hon.
Friend has secured a Westminster Hall debate next week to discuss it in further detail, and my hon.
Friend the water Minister will reply substantially to the many detailed points that I am sure he will raise.
It was my constituent Mr Latimer who was responsible for the law change stating that sewage should only be discharged during exceptional circumstances.
He knows, as we all know, that it is this Government who are actively enabling the water companies and regulators to get away with dumping sewage into our rivers and our oceans.
Why will the Secretary of State not admit that under this Government, sewage dumping is no longer the exception but the rule?
Because the hon.
Lady’s assertion is simply not true.
Rather than just scaremongering, which is what we are hearing again from the Opposition, could we have a focus please on the quality of our waters?
In Leigh-on-Sea and Southend West, the quality of our water has gone up from 76% in 2010 to 93% and the vast majority of our beaches are rated good or excellent.
Will my right hon.
Friend applaud the work of local group the Bluetits Chill Swimmers, run by Daniella Bee, and Philip Miller of Adventure Island, who are assisting me in having regular sewage summits with Anglian Water?
We have extracted a promise from Anglian Water to eliminate 75% of use of our combined storm overflows five years ahead of the Government’s target.
Is this local action not the sort of thing we should be doing—not just scaremongering?
My hon.
Friend is right to praise the activity happening in her constituency, and the people of Southend should be congratulated on electing her to this House, because she is an avid campaigner for them.
She recommends her part of the world for swimming due to the designated beaches, and I could do the same in my own constituency.
I remind the House that when the Conservatives came in to power in 2010, only half our swimming beaches and designated bathing waters were deemed excellent, thanks to whatever happened under Labour.
Now it is more than three in four, which shows the progress we have made right around the country.
I ask the Secretary of State this pertinent question: what does she say to the senior executive at Yorkshire Water, who, when I complained about the quality of the water in some of the rivers in Yorkshire, said, “Mr Sheerman, don’t you realise that there is no river in our country that is fit to swim in?”
Is it not the truth that the Secretary of State’s pathetic performance today, and her use of the most vulgar language I have heard in this Chamber in all my years in this House, show that she is out of her depth, that she is incompetent and that she should resign immediately?
I look forward to the election in Huddersfield—the hon.
Gentleman should look at some of his own speeches.
I do not know on what basis he has made that assertion, quoting the chief executive of Yorkshire Water, but that is not the case—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman can always contact me directly to give me the quotation and the source of the quotation.
I look forward to receiving it, and I will take the water company’s chief executive to task if that is truly what she said.
Despite all we have heard from Labour, is it not the reality that in Government Labour did absolutely nothing on this issue, with no monitoring in place, and that it is this Government, as the OEP recognises, who are sorting the problem through the plan for water, through record investment, and through monitoring, improving waters in North West Norfolk and across the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; he has a coastal constituency as well and will know the continuing work to improve the quality of our designated bathing waters and our waters more broadly.
There have been more stringent standards applied over the last decade.
We continue to work to try to improve that and we will continue to get on with the job.