Mr. PHILLIPS.
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my Legislative Director, Griffin Wong, for his work on behalf of every constituent in Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I am thrilled that the end of my time in Congress will not be the end of Griffin's service to the district, as he will now become the Legislative Director for my successor, Congresswoman-elect Kelly Morrison.
I could not be more proud or grateful for his service.
Hailing from Montgomery County, Maryland, Griffin had an early introduction to life on the Hill.
His mother worked for Congressman Bill Lipinski of Illinois when he was young, laying the groundwork for him to live a life of service.
After graduating from Boston College in 2017, he set off to Phoenix, Arizona to teach at Brophy College Preparatory.
In addition to teaching there he also coached tennis and ran their immigration advocacy program.
Griffin started his work in government in the Massachusetts State Senate before moving over to the U.S. Senate for 
Senator Chris Van Hollen, and then to the U.S. House of Representatives in my office.
Griffin has spent most of his career working on banking and small business issues.
During his tenure as my Legislative Assistant, he guided my role as the Vice-Ranking Member of the House Committee on Small Business as well as co-chair of the House Entrepreneurship Caucus and House Stakeholder Capitalism Caucus.
Griffin took over as my Legislative Director during a pivotal moment in our office and has shown strong initiative in directing my entire legislative agenda.
Griffin has grown into a valuable team leader during his time in the office.
From tackling particular legislative issues to now directing the legislative agenda, he has done so with a sense of humor and practicality that is admirable.
He stepped up when the office needed him the most.
As a Legislative Director, Griffin brings a calm and collected energy, giving staff a sense of ease and confidence that the job will be accomplished.
Griffin is one of the hardest workers I know.
No matter how busy he might be, he will take the time for a phone call from a colleague or a meeting with a constituent because he cares so deeply about this work.
His instincts, critical thinking, and thoughtfulness have made him a strong leader and manager.
He is a trusted advisor, a fierce advocate for his team, and a committed public servant for our constituents.
The people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District were lucky to have his dedication and leadership, and I'm extraordinarily happy that he will continue to do this work and serve the Nation and people of Minnesota's Third Congressional District.
I wish Griffin all the best in his future endeavors and thank him for six years of faithful service to this Nation--and many more to come.