At the start of January, the Secretary of State said that she needed more time to consider the overseas funding transparency measures in our freedom of speech legislation.
It is now nearly May.
In the meantime, there have been several concerning the reports in the press about UK universities working with Chinese institutions that are designated as high risk and have ties to their defence and security apparatus.
This legislation was passed in 2023.
When will the Secretary of State reach a decision?
This is an important area, and this Government will always make sure that issues of national security come first.
Measures are already in place to address foreign interference in the higher education sector, from vetting international students in sensitive areas of research to specific requirements around freedom of speech and expression.
We continue to keep all these matters under review, and when we are in a position to do so I will of course update the House.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of levels of funding for pupil referral units.
My hon.
Friend is a champion for young people with SEND and their families in his constituency.
The Government have invested an extra £1 billion into high  needs budgets to help local authorities to maintain their pupil referral units.
Of course, the system we inherited from the Conservatives is broken, but we are paving the way for far-reaching reform to restore parents’ confidence and to support every child to achieve and thrive.
I recently visited Chaselea alternative provision academy in Cannock and met headteacher Mr Archer, who told me that it receives £8,300 less per pupil than the average for PRUs due to the unfair funding formula.
With year after year of real-terms funding cuts under the previous Government, Chaselea had to stop all off-site education and halt new admissions, which means longer stays for students.
Will the Minister confirm that this Government will ensure that PRUs have the resources and support they need to do the vital work of helping young people return to mainstream education?
I agree that it is important that funding is available to support young people back into mainstream education.
Staffordshire county council is being allocated, through the high needs funding block, over £143 million of its 2025-26 dedicated schools grant, and will need to consider how best to deploy that funding to achieve this aim.
I know that my hon.
Friend’s constituents will be best served by a Labour council delivering on this issue and will want to think about that ahead of this Thursday.
My constituent—a child who attends alternative provision—was physically restrained by his passenger assistant on school transport, which caused significant distress to him and his family.
The Department for Education has published guidance on the use of reasonable force in schools in England, but it appears that there is a gap when it comes to the use of reasonable force on school transport.
Will the Minister meet my constituent and me to discuss this case with a view to closing this loophole with the funding that it requires?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, and it is one that we are looking at as a Department.
Obviously, home-to-school transport is an important aspect of accessing education, but it needs to be safe for all children.
I would be more than happy to discuss the issue further with him.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of higher education funding.
The Tories were more interested in picking ideological fights than ensuring that universities were financially sustainable.
They left students and taxpayers to bear the brunt.
Labour has taken tough decisions to shore up higher education as we pave the way for reform.
We will fix the foundations of higher education to deliver change for students.
Over half of UK universities, including the University of York, are again consulting on academic and staff redundancies.
In line with the University and  College Union’s “Stop the Cuts” week of action, does the Minister agree that we need an urgent review into higher education funding and visa arrangements for international students and their dependants, and that we need to protect students from poverty, to safeguard our world-class universities and, ultimately, drive research, innovation and their economic output?
We are committed to securing the future of our higher education sector and we absolutely recognise its excellent economic value, which is crucial to our future economic growth.
We welcome international students, who enrich our campuses, forge networks with domestic students and become global ambassadors.
We will set out our plan for reform in the summer.
Over the past few months, Bournemouth University has had to take steps to suspend 15 of its courses due to financial pressures and rising operational costs.
Most were arts and humanities courses, including English, photography, sociology and politics.
What options exist for universities to access other sources of funding, and what assessment is being done to protect arts and humanities courses across our higher education sector?