My hon.
Friend has raised the important issue of how victims of such attacks are supported.
As I said, this morning I talked to Joan about the support that she received after the horrific attack on Dave Peck, and I have heard about the support and help that Laura Sugden has received since she was attacked with a crossbow; but I am well aware that there is more to do, and I will talk to my counterpart in the Ministry of Justice about that.
Does the Minister share my surprise at just how easy it is to get hold of one of these weapons?
A few clicks will buy someone a Guillotine X+ compound crossbow for £324.91 plus £6.99 for delivery, or a Jaguar Deluxe for £129.95, with free delivery.
These things are as deadly as shotguns, yet we do not license them as such.
Will the Minister, in the plans that she has heralded, consider seriously going down the same route as other European countries and ensuring that these deadly weapons are properly controlled?
In just a few sentences, the right hon.
Gentleman has made a compelling case for why change is needed in this regard.
I cannot go any further today, but I hear what he says, and I share his concern about the fact that people can go online and, with a few clicks, buy one of these items.
A number of people have mentioned to me that they have been to university in Leeds, or have kids who live in “Below Clarey” in Harrogate and go to university in Leeds.
There is quite a high-density student population in the area.
What conversations have the Government had with local authorities and other partners to ensure that university students and parents feel supported and reassured?
May I also echo the sentiments of Members on both sides of the House who have thanked the emergency services?
The hon.
Gentleman has made an important point about reassurance for the public, so that they can feel confident about going out in local   communities.
I know that West Yorkshire police is ensuring that through the extra police presence, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  will be working with community groups and the university.
Also, my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary and the Minister for Security were properly briefed about the incident over the weekend.
There is engagement across the board, and all the key stakeholders are part of those conversations.
I join all the other Members in wishing the victims of this horrific crime a speedy recovery.
I note that Counter Terrorism Policing has been involved in intelligence-gathering, and that there is concern about online incitement to violence.
Will the Minister join me in condemning the recent statement by the so-called Irish rap band Kneecap, who are reported to have told their audience that they should kill their local MP, and that the only good Tory is a dead Tory?
Yes, of course I would condemn any such comments.
Clearly, I cannot comment on anything that was posted online in relation to the case we are talking about today, but the hon.
Gentleman will know that we work in partnership with technology companies to ensure that they understand their responsibility to tackle illegal content on their platforms, and we have been clear that they need to act quickly to identify and remove such content from their platforms once it has been posted.
More generally, the Online Safety Act 2023 places duties on platforms to swiftly identify and remove illegal content, which we expect them to abide by.
Furthermore, these platforms have a moral responsibility to keep their users and the general public safe, and we expect them to take all reasonable steps to do so.
Order.
It is very important that this matter is raised, but I am not sure that it fits in here.
It might have been better if the hon.
Gentleman had raised the issue in the House by making a point of order at the end.