The Secretary of State had a useful and interesting visit to a school in Derbyshire  to see for herself where progress is being made—or, unfortunately, where not enough is being made—to support children with SEND.
We know that high-quality teacher training, particularly in SEND, is vital to ensure that every teacher is a teacher of special educational needs and disabilities.
We will continue to work to ensure that local authorities deliver on their obligations to all the children in their local area, but particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities.
There are significant gaps in the understanding of autism profiles from teachers and school support staff.
The evidence shows that there will be massive benefits in school attendance and educational performance if that understanding can increase.
I urge the Secretary of State and the team to ask the specialist neurodiversity group that they have set up to look specifically at initial teacher training to see whether more autism-focused elements can be added.
This work is already ongoing.
I recognise what the right hon.
Gentleman is saying—we want to ensure that every teacher gets that high-quality training from their initial teacher training to their first years in a school to ensure that they are confident and able to teach children of a whole range of abilities.
We are determined to have the right number of teachers with those skilled professional qualifications so that they are able to thrive in the profession, and, indeed, to support children to thrive, too.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of construction skills training opportunities.
Construction skills are essential to rebuild Britain as part of our plan for change and to deliver 1.5 million homes.
This Labour Government are cutting red tape and reforming English and maths requirements to deliver 10,000 more apprenticeships a year and prioritising investment, with £625 million in additional spending to boost construction skills and train 60,000 additional skilled construction workers this Parliament—that is more foundation apprenticeships, more industry placements and support for further education, as well as 10 new technical excellence colleges specialising in construction skills across England.
Our plans for the renewal of central Gateshead are by far the most exciting investment opportunity in north-east England, with £1.2 billion of inward investment, thousands of new homes and public transport infrastructure, meaning 15,000 construction jobs over the next few decades.
Gateshead college, right at the heart of the development zone, is rapidly increasing places on its superb construction course, but much more is needed.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and Gateshead college to discuss super-charging construction skills to deliver our plan for growth?
I have visited Gateshead college to see the fantastic work it does on digital skills, but I know that it has also developed innovative, flexible apprenticeships for careers in building design and construction, which I hope can be replicated elsewhere.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend and perhaps to visit Gateshead college to learn more about what it is doing on construction.
Further education colleges such as Chichester college in my constituency are vital to the delivery of construction apprenticeships and skills training.
Many colleges, however, have raised a concern with me that a loophole in the last Government’s Skills and Post-16 Education Act 2022, which brought colleges back into the public sector, means that they cannot go out and get public investment into their colleges.
What is the Minister doing to address their concerns and ensure that FE colleges can invest in the facilities and courses needed to train our future construction workforce?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point about that reclassification.
Through the construction announcement we made ahead of the spring statement, we created a capital pot for employer-led and match-funded projects to ensure that we are really working to deliver some of the programmes that are needed.
We are also investing more in further education—again through boosting teaching in this area—and making sure that young people have access to industry placements, which we know are crucial in making sure that they succeed, especially in areas like construction.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with SEND.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that SEND children are being adequately assessed.
Colleagues across the House will know about the “lose, lose, lose” system—to use the Tories’ own words—that we inherited.
We are investing an extra £1 billion into high-needs budgets, £740 million into creating new places, and have restructured the Department to put SEND at its heart.
The system needs far-reaching reform.
We are engaging with parents and we have brought experts on board to assist us in this important work.
Merton council, in which most of my Wimbledon constituency is situated, tells me that there is a national shortage of SEND specialists— therapists and educational psychologists in particular—which is negatively impacting its and other local authorities’ ability to produce education, health and care plans in a timely fashion.
This seems to be a particular problem across London, where in more than a decade there has been almost no growth in the number of local authority-employed educational psychologists, despite a large increase in demand.
Will the Minister update the House on plans to address this issue and meet me to discuss the particular challenges in London?
We know that local authorities have been impacted by the increasing demand for education, health and care plans and workforce capacity issues, so much more efficient and effective service delivery and communication with schools and families will be central to making those improvements.
We are working with local authorities and across the Department to ensure that there is as much effective early identification as possible.
I am more than happy to continue engagement with the hon.
Gentleman on these important issues.
I often hear accounts of constituents waiting over two years for education, health and care plan assessments from Surrey county council.
When those assessments finally come, they are frequently carried out remotely, with assessors never actually meeting the child.
Headteachers report that these delayed and inaccurate assessments result in inadequate funding, leaving schools under-resourced and simply unable to meet the children’s needs.
Families in Surrey deserve assessments that are timely, thorough and centred around the child.
What reassurances can the Minister offer families in Surrey that the broken system will be fixed, and when?
The hon.
Lady sets out what is unfortunately a common picture for far too many children and families.
We know that the system needs reform, and we are working at pace to deliver on that.
We are working with experts and engaging with families and local authorities.
We are determined to deliver a better outcome for children with special educational needs and disabilities and their families, and we will continue to update on progress as we make it.
School support staff, teaching assistants and learning support assistants—the unsung heroes of our schools—often provide that crucial day-to-day support for children with SEND.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we upskill our school support workforce so that they are best placed to support those children?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to recognise the role of school support staff in supporting schools in general, and particularly children within the school system with special educational needs and disabilities.
We want to encourage more inclusive mainstream schools, and we need a really strong and qualified workforce to deliver on that.
I recently visited a school that had a fantastic group of teaching assistants who are undertaking the apprenticeship and specialising in issues such as special educational needs, to make sure that they can continue to develop their skills in the workforce.
That is a really positive story, and one that I hope many schools can take up.
My constituent, Martyn Hodgson, has two adopted children.
Both have suffered extensive trauma in their short lives, and the oldest son was diagnosed with autism and learning disabilities.
They rely on the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
He says: “This support means so much to families of looked-after and adopted children.
As a children’s social worker and adoptive parent, I have seen at first hand the impact this funding can have on their lives.”
For Martyn and so many others like him in Hartlepool and beyond, please will the Minister urgently reconsider the cuts to this fund?
I absolutely take on board the issues that my hon.
Friend raises.
Where people take on the responsibility of adoption, that is to be applauded and supported as far as possible.
The Government are obviously considering all the financial matters in a very difficult context and making some difficult decisions, but we will continue to bear in mind the issues that he raises.
We want to maximise the number of children who can access the fund and get the vital support that is needed.
What steps she is taking to protect freedom of speech at universities.
It was Labour that enshrined freedom of expression into law.
That is why in January I announced plans to fix the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, making it robust and workable.
Today I signed the commencement regulations to impose stronger free speech duties on higher education providers and the Office for Students from  1 August .
We are taking common-sense decisions to fix the foundations of higher education and to deliver change for students.