The hon.
Gentleman makes the case for what this Government are doing on neighbourhood policing.
We are putting 13,000 police officers and PCSOs back into local areas and communities to provide not only a police presence, but public reassurance, which is so important to the people we all represent.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary to make a statement on the child rape gangs scandal.
The shadow Home Secretary was away when I updated the House on the Government’s response to the independent national inquiry into child sexual abuse, and on the action that we are taking to investigate and tackle child grooming gangs across the country.
As I have said many times, people up and down this country are understandably horrified by the appalling crimes committed by despicable grooming gangs.
Children were subjected to the most unthinkable sexual violence.
Frontline services, local authorities and elected politicians turned away or even blamed the children, rather than their rapists.
I know this because I speak to victims week in, week out, and I have done so for decades.
This Government are determined to get to the truth of both historical and current grooming gangs, to ensure that perpetrators are punished and to deliver justice and accountability for victims and survivors.
That is why we are pressing ahead with the key recommendations of the independent inquiry, including the mandatory duty to report.
Baroness Casey, who conducted a no-holds-barred review into grooming gangs’ offending in Rotherham, is currently overseeing a national audit of group-based child sexual exploitation and abuse.
The audit will identify what further work is needed.
It is looking at the scale, nature and profile of group-based abuse, including the characteristics of offenders.
It will conclude in the coming weeks, and I have already committed to publishing the findings.
The Home Secretary and I have always been clear that the first priority in tackling this heinous offending is getting perpetrators behind bars, and getting justice for the victims and survivors.
That is why all police forces in England and Wales have been asked to review historical grooming gangs investigations that were closed with no further action, and to pursue new lines of inquiry and reopen investigations where appropriate.