Before I turn to the specific measures in the Bill, I would like to touch on why football is so important to communities such as mine.
Since my election in July last year, it has been a pleasure to visit and watch a number of the non-league clubs across Hertford and Stortford, and to meet some of the managers, coaches, players and volunteers who keep them going and bring our community together.
So many players at non-league clubs such as those go on to much larger teams in the future, too.
We cannot overestimate the importance of grassroots football in our communities, and I pay tribute to Bishop’s Stortford football club, Sawbridgeworth Town FC, Hertford Town football club and Ware football club.
I particularly pay tribute to Ware and Sawbridgeworth, which have just avoided relegation in the latest season.
I would also like to briefly update the House on the 93rd birthday of John Staines.
Some Members may remember that I have raised the topic of Hertford Town football club’s drive to get 1,000 people down to their game against Flackwell Heath to mark John’s birthday following more than 60 years of dedicated support for the club, 30 of them as a volunteer.
It was heartwarming to see our community turn out to recognise John’s contribution to the club, and I am pleased to report that we saw just over 1,000 people turn out in Hertford to do so.
It has become apparent in recent years that we need to protect our game, and I applaud the Bill’s aim of protecting and promoting the sustainability of English football in the interests of fans and the local communities that football clubs serve.
I welcome its core objectives of ensuring sound club finances and systemic financial resilience and safeguarding club heritage.
In particular, the creation of an independent football regulator is most welcome, delivering on this Government’s manifesto commitment to protect clubs and empower fans.
In the time I have left, I want to mention one quick point that was raised with me by some of our non-league clubs ahead of this debate, which I would be grateful if the Secretary of State could address.
Clubs have highlighted the disparity in contract regulation between non-league and professional football; currently, non-league players can be offered a full-time contract only at the age of 18, while in professional football players can be contracted at 17.
To ensure fairness to our grassroots clubs, will the Secretary of State consider equalising the age at which non-league clubs and professional clubs can offer full-time contracts to players in the future?
It has been my absolute pleasure to spend time speaking to our local non-league clubs.
I know that our residents are immensely passionate about football, and it is fantastic that this Bill is being brought forward to put our fans right at the heart of that great game.
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend’s comments, and I pay tribute to the work of Blackburn Rovers in their community.
We are probably all aware of the examples of Everton and Manchester United.
Both are up to their ears in debt while either building or planning to build stadiums that cost between £750 million and £1 billion.
If we look lower down the leagues, the sums are still eye-watering.
York City lost £235 million last season, Salford City lost £5.3 million and Stockport County lost £7 million.
It is difficult to see how, at some stage, without regulation, more and more clubs will not simply go to the wall.
The financial precarity in football is such that it leaves the clubs open to bad actors seizing on their financial vulnerabilities to offer a route to potential success.
I am, of course, referring to dirty money and the pernicious practice of sportswashing by dubious owners who see club ownership as a PR vehicle to airbrush their misdeeds and human rights abuses to reconstruct their reputations and exert geopolitical influence.
It is deeply regretful that this odious and morally corrupting practice has been allowed to establish a foothold in our game since Roman Abramovich came to England as the owner of Chelsea football club with dirty money from Russia.
He was found to have funded or donated over £100 million to illegal settlement expansion in the west bank.
The other issue I want to raise is around agent fees.
In 2022 to 2023, over £408 million was paid by Premier League clubs to agents and facilitators, and in the football league over £65 million was paid in agent fees.
Some agents are acting on behalf of both the player and the club and receiving remuneration from both.
If that is not a conflict of interest or a potential bribe, I do not know what is.
I strongly encourage the Government to look at this and try to stop as much money going to agents and get it back into grassroots football.