Despite the Education Secretary’s best attempts to rewrite history, we Conservatives did not need a court to tell us that biological sex was real.
She has on her desk the draft guidance for schools on gender questioning, and the final Cass report was published a year ago.
If she is serious about protecting women and girls, why has she not published the guidance?
I am serious about protecting the rights of women and girls.
That is why I ran a women’s refuge for children and women fleeing domestic abuse, fleeing male violence, fleeing some of the most unimaginable abuse that anyone could ever see.
I need no lessons on the importance of such provision.
The shadow Secretary of State asks a specific question, which I will answer.
This is a sensitive area.
We are talking about children’s wellbeing—often very vulnerable children who are experiencing stress.
Although I recognise the importance of providing clarity and guidance for school leaders, we have to get it right.
The Conservatives published draft guidance for consultation only a matter of months before the general election.
It is right that we take stock following the full and final review from Dr Cass, which we accept should be the basis for how we take things forward.
That draft guidance was produced a year and a half ago.
The Education Secretary wants to talk about her record.
Well, let me remind her that one of her first acts on coming into post was to pause implementation of the Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Act 2023, which would have protected gender-critical voices.
She is more concerned about listening to student union activists than to women.
Will she apologise to the gender-critical women who were forced to spend eye-watering sums on legal fees to fight for their rights because of her actions?
From that question, I do not think you would know who had been in government for the past 14 years, Mr Speaker.
The Conservatives had ample opportunity to clarify the position.
The ruling of the Supreme Court was that Labour’s Equality Act 2010 was the basis for its judgment confirming that biological sex should be the basis for provision of single-sex services.
Alongside that, the Court was also clear that everyone in our country deserves to be treated with dignity and respect, and that trans people continue to receive protection in law.
The Conservatives published guidance, in draft form, a matter of months of before  the general election.
It is right that we take this issue seriously and get it right.
We do not need this shameless opportunism; this is about children’s wellbeing.
The exam season is well under way in Scotland, and I think the whole House will join me in wishing pupils in Livingston and across Scotland luck over the coming weeks, and in thanking teachers for preparing during the academic year.
Closing the attainment gap between the richest and poorest pupils in Scotland was the SNP Government’s “defining mission”, but the latest statistics show that it is increasing year on year, and 1,351 pupils are leaving Scottish schools without any qualifications at all— Order.
We have other Members to get in as well.
I call the Secretary of State.
I join my hon.
Friend in sending my best wishes to children in Scotland and across the UK as their exams get under way and thanking the brilliant staff working hard to support them.
He is of course right about the many failures under the hopeless SNP Administration.
Scotland deserves a new direction and a better education system and that will only come with Labour.