The crisis in the SEND system is a source of distress for parents and children who have to fight far too hard for support, and for professionals working in local authorities and schools who face an extremely challenging funding situation.
Does the Secretary of State agree that in this context blaming parents and GPs for the increase in the number of SEND diagnoses, as some Reform party politicians have done in recent days, is both inaccurate and insulting, and that solving the SEND crisis requires listening to parents and professionals rather than denigrating them?
I could not agree more, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and the other members of her Committee for the important work that they are doing through their inquiry on this matter.
We look forward to hearing more from them in due course.
My hon.
Friend is entirely right: just days before the local elections, the comments of  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  will have sent shivers down the spines of so many parents throughout the country.
His comments were completely irresponsible and totally wrong.
This Government are focusing on better outcomes for all children, including those with SEND.
What steps she is taking to ensure that non-levy paying employers receive apprenticeship funding.
Labour is transforming the Tories’ failed apprenticeship levy into a growth and skills levy.
The Government offer a range of support to non-levy-paying employers, including assistance with training costs and payments to take on younger apprentices.
New foundation apprenticeships in construction will unlock opportunities for up to 10,000 young people.
Apprenticeships, participation, achievement and starts have already increased under Labour, and we are going further and faster for growth.
As the Minister will know, employers in Northern Ireland pay substantially into the apprenticeship levy but have no direct access to it.
What steps is the Minister taking to enable them to receive direct benefits through the levy, so that we too can enjoy the benefits of which she spoke in her answer when she was having a dig at the Conservative party?
As I am sure the hon.
Member knows, skills are a devolved matter, and funding in the devolved Administrations remains the responsibility of those Governments.
However, we will continue to engage with them as we deliver the levy-funded growth and skills offer for England.
My constituency of Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley, in the Black Country, is a proud manufacturing area and the birthplace of the industrial revolution.
Will the Minister please tell me what she is doing to increase the uptake of manufacturing and engineering apprenticeships across the country and in the west midlands?
Too many young people have been locked out of accessing apprenticeship opportunities, and apprenticeship starts by young people under 25 fell by almost 40% between 2015-16 and 2023-24 under the previous Government.
We are developing new foundation apprenticeships to give more young people a foot in the door at the start of their working lives.