No one should have to live in fear of such horrific violence.
The appalling events in Headingley on Saturday have left a community shocked and two women with really serious injuries.
My thoughts and those of all the Liberal Democrats are, of course, with the victims, their families and all those affected by a crime of such awful brutality.
This is yet another devastating example of the violence faced by women and girls across the country, which we must all work to end.
It is also yet another example of a violent attack in which a crossbow has been used—one of too many in recent years.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) , among others, has urged the Government to review and strengthen crossbow regulations.
I note the Government’s amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill, including new clause 70, and the Minister’s response to  the hon.
Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel) .
Can the Minister confirm when the Government’s formal response to the call for evidence will be published?
I am grateful for the comments from the hon.
Member who leads on this subject for the Liberal Democrats.
We all are committed to ensuring that violence against women and girls is halved over the next decade.
The Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , who is sitting with me, is leading on that.
It is an important strand of the safer streets mission.
I am pleased to hear of the support from the Liberal Democrats for our ongoing work on crossbows, particularly through the Crime and Policing Bill.
We will bring forward details of the Government’s approach, and the response to the consultation, very shortly.
I have taken a particular interest in this issue, and I have met families who have been affected by violent crossbow attacks.
I recently met Laura Sugden up in Driffield, who lost her partner, Shane Gilmer.
Just this morning, I met Joan Whelan, whose partner, Dave Peck, was killed in 2022 by someone using a crossbow.
I am aware of the need for action on this issue.
I wish the victims of the Headingley attack a full recovery.
My thoughts are with their friends and family and the community.
Just this morning, I welcomed Joan Whelan to Westminster to meet the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire—I thank the Minister for her time, and her sage advice and counsel—following the tragic loss of Joan’s beloved partner, Dave Peck.
Dave was fatally struck by bolts fired from a crossbow into an open busy pub in Westcliff in my constituency of Southend East and Rochford in 2022.
Dave was affectionately known as West Ham Dave, and was a larger-than-life  character.
Dave and Joan together had 22 grandchildren, who no longer have their grandad in their life.
The crossbow was purchased by a resident with paranoid schizophrenia who had a history of mental health struggles.
It was purchased freely, unchecked and unlicensed, on the internet.
Does the Minister agree that more needs to be done to stop crossbows falling into the wrong hands?
Will she join me in thanking Joan for her bravery in sharing her story?