The Secretary of State is well aware that the East Riding of Yorkshire receives the lowest level of funding for children with SEND, and I hope that the current review gives the Government an opportunity to rectify that.
On a wider point, parents like me often look ahead to the school holidays with a sense of dread, because the provision for out-of-school activities for children with SEND is so limited and what is available is often expensive.
As part of this review, will she look at what more can be done by local authorities to provide opportunities for young people with SEND outside term time?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman cares deeply about this issue, and brings real passion and determination to trying to ensure that all children, including those with SEND, are given the support that they require.
For the purpose of wider reform, I will look carefully at the funding issues that he has identified and also at the issue of broader support.
Parents have the right to request wraparound holiday childcare places, and we updated the relevant guidance this year.
We want to ensure that all children receive the support that they need, and that applies to childcare for SEND children aged up to 18.
The last Government left SEND education throughout the country in crisis.
The National Audit Office found that there was no consistent improvement in outcomes from 2019 onwards.
I saw that  at first hand when I met Calder Valley parents of SEND children at Highbury School in Rastrick, where I saw committed parents and teachers struggling with a failed system.
What will my right hon.
Friend do to fix the mess that the last Government made of the system?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his passion and interest in this subject.
Let me also congratulate him on his efforts in yesterday’s London marathon: he is not only a brilliant advocate for children, but a fantastic runner.
He is right to say that this Labour Government have inherited a terrible mess when it comes to support with children with SEND.
We want all children to have the support that they need in order to achieve and thrive, and as part of the wholesale reform that we will deliver, we will listen to parents, children, stakeholders and schools to ensure that we get the system right for children and deliver better outcomes, and that issues such as those identified by my hon.
Friend are a thing of the past.