The Secretary of State was asked— What steps she is taking to help support SEND children not in full-time education.
We are committed to reforming the special educational needs and disabilities system.
We are also acting now through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, children not in school registers and a duty on local authorities to provide advice to eligible families.
We will help local authorities identify and support these children to achieve and thrive.
I recently met a constituent at my surgery whose son has missed out on more than 800 hours of education.
That is despite her attempts to find special educational provision for her son in 14 different schools across our region.
She is now very concerned, because the council has said that he is at risk of criminal exploitation and cannot be left alone.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this case and also provide reassurance that this Government will ensure that vulnerable SEND students get the educational provision they deserve?
One of the ministerial team will be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the important issues that he raises.
All children are legally entitled to a full-time education, which is important for their educational progress, their wellbeing and their wider development.
It is the local authority’s responsibility to arrange suitable education when it is not already in place, and I encourage my hon.
Friend to contact his local authority to discuss this matter further.
I have met children who have experienced significant trauma, who are not in full-time education and who are supported through the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
On  1 April , the Government announced that that funding would continue, which was welcome.
However, on  14 April , it was announced that funding would be reduced by 40%, capping the support at £3,000 per child for the academic year.
That reduction will be devastating for families and therapy providers.
Does the Minister agree that without proper funding enabling specialist support, we risk placement breakdowns and increased pressure on already stretched mental health services?
This Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity so that every child can succeed and thrive.
The Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby)  who is responsible for this area, has committed in the House to £50 million of funding for this programme.
She will have heard the question and will respond in due course.