Everybody will have found the reports about this incident, which was of great severity, deeply concerning.
I would like to express my deepest sympathies to those who were injured during this horrendous attack.
Our thoughts are with them at this time.
I also thank the public, the police and the emergency services more broadly for their response to the incident.
There are two aspects that I would like to touch on with the Minister.
West Yorkshire police has said that counter-terrorism police are involved in responding to the incident.
We have heard from the independent reviewer of terrorism legislation about the importance of not allowing an information vacuum to form.
Will the Minister ensure that there is as much transparency as possible in the release of information about this case?
Secondly, I am aware that in the aftermath of the incident, although the police are not seeking anyone else in connection with it, there will be an increased police presence across Headingley and the broader city of Leeds in the coming days and weeks.
Given that this horrific attack was on two young women, I would be grateful if the Minister could outline whether there have been any discussions about what that presence will entail and what measures are being taken, in particular to ensure that young women and girls feel safe in Leeds following this incident.
I am grateful to the shadow Minister for his comments; he is absolutely right to praise the public of Headingley and the emergency services.
The policing presence in Headingley and across Leeds is an operational matter for the chief constable, and I know that he will be mindful of the needs of the community in making clear what police presence is needed.
I am mindful of the issue around transparency and the flow of information, but again, this is a live police investigation.
The police make decisions about what information is disclosed at the appropriate time.
As I have said—and as you have set out to the House, Mr Speaker—it is important that there is not speculation at this stage, and that we allow the police to do their job and to investigate, look at the evidence and take the appropriate action as and when.
I echo my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  in expressing my deepest sympathies to the families of the victims of this horrendous crime.
West Yorkshire police is investigating two recent murders in my constituency of Shipley.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure me that West Yorkshire police has the necessary resources to investigate not only this most recent incident in Headingley, but serious crime taking place in the area more broadly?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s comments.
Let me reassure her that all police forces have additional resources in this new financial year—up to £19.6 billion is going into policing.
We know that there are challenges in policing, but I have every confidence that West Yorkshire police has the resources it needs.
West Yorkshire has a very effective mayor and deputy mayor, who leads on policing, and they make the case for their police force very well indeed.