The British Chambers of Commerce has said that the lack of clarity around the future of the apprenticeship levy is creating uncertainty among businesses, and is “worrying and destabilising”.
Employers in universities are worried about plans to cut higher apprenticeships, and the Institute of Chartered Accountants has said that plans to axe level 7 apprenticeships will lead to work leaving the UK altogether.
Will Ministers agree to the proposal from the Campaign for Learning for a  skills immigration worker test to be carried out before any cuts are made to level 7 apprenticeships, so that we do not go from simply investing in British workers to just importing workers from other countries?
We are very excited about what this Government are achieving for young people in our apprenticeship schemes.
There are, of course, tough choices to take on how funding should be prioritised to generate opportunities for young people so that they can make a good start in fulfilling careers going forward.
The Department has received a wide range of representations regarding level 7 apprenticeships, and we will communicate our decision going forward.
We are absolutely committed to making sure that people are on the right apprenticeship courses and that we have a wide range of apprenticeships available.
What steps her Department is taking to support the mental health and wellbeing of school students.
This Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunity and helping pupils to achieve and thrive in education.
We are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school so that every child and young person has access to early support, to address problems before they escalate.
In my constituency I am in touch with a family of a child who has complex needs and severe mental health issues, who has not been able to go to school for a whole year.
The child’s deteriorating mental health needs are not being met, because they have not been given a school that fits their child and adolescent mental health services assessment.
Has the Minister made an assessment of how the Department might best avoid situations such as that, which leave children without the services they need?
We will deliver on our commitment on mental health to make sure that it reaches every child.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the specific case that he raises.
Admissions to acute medical wards for children and young people with mental health concerns increased by 65% between 2012 and 2022.
Given that gaining parity of esteem between mental health and physical health is so important, will the Minister update us on the talks with the NHS about ensuring that there is mental health provision and support in every school?
I know my hon.
Friend is a real champion of these issues.
We will recruit an additional 8,500 new mental health staff to treat children and adults, as well as open new Young Futures hubs, which will provide support for children and young people across the country.
The Department also provides a range of guidance and resources on promoting and supporting pupils’ mental health and wellbeing, and I thank him for his question.