The Minister mentioned her meeting with Laura Sugden, and I pay tribute to Laura for her campaigning on the issue.
It is more than seven years since Anthony Lawrence brutally murdered Laura’s partner Shane Gilmer.
Laura was attacked with a crossbow, and was pregnant at the time.
I know that a response to the consultation is coming, but can the Minister give us more detail about the timetable for that response?
What next steps will we likely see?
I also pay tribute to Laura, an incredibly brave woman who faced a horrific attack when her neighbour got into the house through the roof space and attacked her and her partner.
In answer to the hon.
Gentleman, I cannot give a specific date.
I used to really dislike it when I was sitting on the Opposition Benches and a Government Minister would say “shortly” or “imminently”, but I can guarantee that I am doing my best to ensure that we respond to the consultation from last year as soon as possible.
I express my sympathies and those of the people of Central Ayrshire to the victims of this horrific attack, and those affected by it.
I note the presence of the Mayor of West Yorkshire in the Gallery.
Does the Minister support the excellent work that the mayor is leading to keep women and girls safe in West Yorkshire?
Will the Minister commit to working with mayors, and police and crime commissioners, across the country to tackle the rise of misogyny?
I do not want to get into trouble with you, Mr Speaker, but I am very conscious of the excellent work done by the Mayor of West Yorkshire and her deputy, Alison Lowe, on violence against women and girls, and of their real commitment to making policies that will have a dramatic effect on the women and girls of West Yorkshire.
Unhinged individuals are roaming the streets of our towns and cities with crossbows, knives, saws and other dangerous weapons, and no tinkering around with legislation or licensing will stop this madness.
Is it not about time we had mandatory jail sentences for people who carry such weapons?
We are working as quickly as possible to understand and identify the nature and scale of the growing cohort of predominantly young men  and boys who are fixated with violence.
We want to ensure that we have a proper approach and multi-agency interventions to manage the risk that they pose.
The Prime Minister has already said that if the law needs to change in recognition of this new and dangerous threat, we will change it, quickly.