If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Today in places such as Leicester, Birmingham, County Durham, Gloucestershire, Worcestershire and Northumberland, some of the last of our 750 early-adopter schools will launch their free breakfast clubs.
We are now providing 180,000 pupils with the best start to their school day, boosting parents’ work choices and children’s life chances.
Evidence shows why that matters so much: when schools introduce breakfast clubs, behaviour improves, attendance increases and attainment grows.
It also gives parents 30 minutes of free childcare every day to juggle work and family life.
That is why we will cement those freedoms and that opportunity through the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, delivering on our plan for change.
To follow on from the two previous questions, 5,000 university jobs have been cut nationally, and the University and College Union projects that 10,000 more will be cut by the end of the year.
In Bradford, up to 300 further jobs are at risk.
Bradford University’s nursery service faces the chop, and some courses are long gone in a bid to meet funding shortfalls.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to protect staff and students in places like Bradford, given the growing crisis in higher education?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s concern.
We are focused on putting universities on a firm footing.
As the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby) , said, we will set out further reforms in the summer so that higher education delivers for students and the taxpayer.
We had to make tough decisions to increase tuition fee limits in line with inflation for the next academic year, but I know that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford East (Imran Hussain)  recognises, as I do, the enormous economic value of universities in towns and cities right across our country.
That is why we have reformed the regulator: to put universities on a much firmer footing for the future.