National per pupil funding criteria are a blunt instrument for fairly funding schools in rural areas like mine on the Isle of Wight, which is also separated from the UK mainland by sea.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives from the Isle of Wight council to discuss how fairer funding for Isle of Wight primary schools can be provided so that no more of them close unnecessarily?
I appreciate the concerns that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
I know that the Isle of Wight local authority is working to address the issue of surplus primary places in the best way.
I recognise the challenge around funding.
It will take some time to look at that, but the system is designed not to give every school the same amount of money but to address some of the needs that he outlines.
I am more than happy to continue this discussion, as I appreciate the issue is very important in his constituency.
Has the Department made an estimate of how many children with SEND are at risk of losing therapeutic support as a result of the recent changes to the adoption and special guardianship support fund?
I hear the concerns around the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
We have had to make some really difficult decisions, but we have chosen the fairest approach to manage tight resources in the face of increasing demand for support.
We will continue to review the situation.
I recently had the opportunity to visit Echelford primary school in my constituency, where I saw an extraordinarily different approach to oracy from those I have seen in other schools.
Will the schools Minister visit to see that for herself?
We are always looking for good approaches to raising standards, whether in phonics, maths or oracy, and to giving children the confidence that will set them up for life.
I would be keen to hear more details about the programme that the hon.
Gentleman describes.
I have recently been informed that teaching assistants employed through agencies in Blackpool are being paid under the national living wage and sent into schools with positive Disclosure and Barring Service checks, and that the profit margins of those agencies are as high as 35% to 40%, with agencies  making £100 a day on candidates.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss those issues that are facing Blackpool?
Support staff, temporary staff and agency staff can provide important support to schools where it is needed, but that must be done in a fair way that helps to manage school budgets and provide the outcomes for children that we know a stable teaching force can bring.
I would be more than happy to discuss the particular issues that my hon.
Friend raises with him.
Bromley council has the second highest rate of education, health and care plans in London, and is in desperate need of extra special school provision.
The council is looking to bring forward a 200-space special school but has met with a lack of innovation at the Education and Skills Funding Agency.
Will the Minister meet me and local officials to discuss how we can break those bureaucratic blockers and deliver this provision?
Yes, I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
Last month, I held a public meeting in my constituency with over 100 parents, carers and pupils to discuss our concerns about the quality of secondary education in my constituency.
It is an absolute scandal that over 60% of young people leave school without a pass—level 4 or higher—in maths and English GCSE, a trend that has got worse under the Conservative party.
Will the Minister commit to driving up standards in my local schools as a priority for this Labour Government?
My hon.
Friend is a passionate advocate for better outcomes for the young people in her constituency, and I commend her approach for engaging so widely with parents, who I know share her concerns.
I am more than happy to give her that commitment.
Everything we do in the Department is about driving opportunity, and that means driving up standards in every school, in every part of the country.
This week, on a visit to a school in my constituency, I was told about a boy with SEND who has been temporarily excluded five times.
He is extremely dysregulated and vulnerable and has been waiting for two years for specialist provision.
The school has tried to get him to the top of the mental health list but has been told that it cannot.
What should I say to his headteacher, who is at the end of her tether?
The hon.
Lady and I have discussed some of the challenges in her local area in relation to delivering better outcomes for children with special educational needs and disabilities, and she is right to raise this issue of ensuring that the health workforce can back up the change needed in education settings.
We are working closely with colleagues across Government to ensure that we take a joined-up approach to improving outcomes.
Welsh universities, including Bangor University, face very real challenges as a direct result of policies introduced by the last UK Government.
Will the Minister update us on conversations that her Department is having with the Welsh Government around higher education in Wales?
My hon.
Friend is aware that education is devolved and that the Welsh Government are responsible for education policies in Wales, including those covering universities, but I assure her that the Department for Education engages with the devolved Government at ministerial and official levels on a range of areas covering education and students.
What assurances can the Minister provide to concerned adoptive parents in my constituency who benefited from the match funding element of the adoption and special guardianship support fund, and whose funding could be cut from £10,000 to £3,000?
Will she consider reintroducing this vital element of the ASGSF?
The adoption and special guardianship support fund still enables those who are eligible to access a significant package of therapeutic support to meet individual needs.
The fund is important, which is why we have continued to fund it, but it is not the only source of adoption and kinship support, responsibility for which lies with local authorities and regional adoption agencies.
Our £8.8 million of funding to support Adoption England can assist that.
This morning, I had the pleasure of visiting Milwards primary school, which is one of the many brilliant primary schools in my constituency.
One of the main issues raised by primary schools is school readiness, which was hugely impacted by the closure of Sure Start.
What are this Government doing to ensure that young people are ready for school and ready to learn?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a huge champion for children in his constituency.
This child-centred Government want to break down the barriers to opportunity and ensure that every child gets the best start in life.
That is why we are introducing a number of initiatives through our plan for change, including good-quality early education, increasing school-based nurseries and investing in other initiatives that support a child’s development.
Final question.
What steps will be taken to ensure that there are therapeutic and counselling opportunities in all primary schools across the United Kingdom to ensure the earliest of interventions for pupils who could struggle in their education?
Education is a devolved matter, but I know that the hon.
Gentleman is a champion on these issues, and I am very happy to meet with him.
We are committed to rolling out mental health support teams to every school in England.
Ordered, That Charlie Maynard and Joy Morrissey be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Paul Holmes and Tom Morrison be added.—(Chris Elmore.)
Before I call  the hon.
Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  to ask his urgent question, I must advise the House that although the matter is not yet sub judice, for the purpose of the rules of this House relating to these matters, Members should exercise care in what they say about a live criminal investigation.
I urge Members to avoid speculating about the guilt or innocence of any person.
On the identity of the person who has been arrested and the motive for the attacks, Members should take care not to say anything in this House that might prejudice a criminal trial.
Members may ask about the emergency services, the response to the attacks, the support for victims’ families and other connected matters, but I urge the utmost caution in avoiding any remarks that might be prejudicial.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department if she will make a statement on the incident that occurred in Headingley on  26 April .
First, I thank my hon.
Friend for securing this urgent question.
I begin by saying that my thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this horrific violent incident in Headingley, Leeds, on Saturday.
I understand the shock that this incident has caused among the local community in Headingley, and I understand that my hon.
Friend will want to get rapid answers for the constituents he represents.
At the same time—as you have pointed out, Mr Speaker—this is a live police investigation, and we all have a responsibility not to say anything that would interfere with that investigation or any legal proceedings that may follow from it.
For the benefit of the House, though, I will recap what the police have themselves said about the incident and the ongoing investigation.
On the afternoon of  Saturday 26 April , West Yorkshire police were called to reports of a male on Otley Road, Headingley, Leeds, in possession of a crossbow and a firearm.
Armed police arrived at the scene at 1453 hours, where the suspect was found with a self-inflicted injury.
He was taken to hospital and remains in a life-threatening condition.
On arrival, officers also found two members of the public who were injured and were admitted to hospital.
One victim has now been discharged from hospital; the other has undergone surgery after suffering life-threatening injuries.
Our thoughts remain with the victims and their families.
Counter
Terrorism Policing North East has taken the lead for the investigation into this attack, and is now working with West Yorkshire police.
As I have said, this is an ongoing investigation and I cannot comment on details of the case, other than to note that we must allow the police time and space to conduct their investigation.
Having said that, we are very aware of concerns about the use of crossbows in violent attacks.
We share that concern, and last week, the Government tabled amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill to strengthen age verification controls on both the online sale and delivery of crossbows.
Last year, the previous Government held a call for evidence on licensing systems that could apply to crossbows, to which they did not respond.
As part of our wider work  to get dangerous and lethal weapons off Britain’s streets, we will shortly publish our response to that consultation, setting out how we plan to go further to limit the availability and accessibility of crossbows in this country.
Mr Speaker, I am very grateful to you for granting this urgent question after the harrowing attack in Headingley on Saturday.
My community is still reeling in shock and disbelief at the horrific act of violence that occurred in our midst on Saturday afternoon.
I begin by expressing my concern and sending my best wishes for the recovery of the two women who were harmed in the egregious attack this weekend.
I also express my gratitude for the heroic efforts of the members of the public and of our local community who intervened.
The details of how they helped are still emerging, but I already know that without them, we may have had a far worse tragedy.
I also thank all the emergency services and Leeds city council for their swift response, and for ensuring that the situation was brought under control and isolated.
The fact that this most heinous crime was committed against two women is not lost on anyone, and I thank West Yorkshire police for committing to increase its presence in the area and working to ensure the safety of women and girls.
The response to this horrific attack is a testament to the Headingley community, Leeds, and the people of West Yorkshire.
Our community is strong and we will show that we remain united.
We will not allow this to divide us.
The key suspect was carrying a range of lethal weapons when the attack was carried out, and the two victims were both shot by crossbows, a weapon that has been used in murders before.
I know that the Home Office issued a call for evidence on strengthening controls on crossbows on public safety grounds, which ran from  14 February  to  9 April  last year.
Will the Minister now publish a response on providing further controls on the use, ownership and supply of crossbows after Saturday’s horrifying attack?
We need to see action taken on those lethal weapons.
Police inquiries are ongoing, but we know that this is a critical incident and that the lead force is Counter Terrorism Policing.
The fact that an individual was able to plan and carry out such a vile, hideous attack on two women requires us to ask questions about how our intelligence gathering operated prior to the attack.
Can the Minister reassure me, my community and the House that there will be a thorough investigation into what intelligence gathering had been undertaken on the suspect, and whether lessons can be learned for the safety and security of the public?
I pay tribute once more to the local community in the area that I am proud to call home, and thank them for their bravery and kindness, as I do to our excellent emergency services in West Yorkshire.